# 510(k) Summary

# 510(k) Submitter:

Streck 7002 South $1 0 9 ^ { \mathfrak { w } }$ Street Omaha, NE 68128

Official Correspondent:   
Address:   
Phone:   
Fax:   
Date Prepared:

Deborah Kipp, Regulatory Affairs Manager   
7002 South $1 0 9 ^ { 1 1 }$ Street; Omaha, NE 68128   
402-537-5215   
402-537-5317   
Revised: January 28, 2014

Names   
Trade Name:   
Common Name:   
Classification Name:   
Product Code:   
Panel:   
UA-Cellular® Complete   
Quality Control Material (Assayed and Unassayed)   
Urinalysis Control   
JJW (862.1660)   
Clinical Chemistry

# Predicate Device:

Primary Predicate- MAS UA Control (K023928)

Secondary Predicate- Sysmex UF II CONTROL TM-K080887 Note: This product was cleared with the 510(k) for the Sysmex UF-1000i instrument (K080887)

# Intended Use:

Intd Use: UA-Cellular® Complee s nassaye chemistry and cellular urie contrl for evaluati the accuracy and precision of automated procedures that measure urinary sediment and chemistry parameters on the Sysmex® UF-1000i™ Automated Urine Particle Analyzer and the Siemens® Clinitek Atlas Automated Urine Chemistry Analyzer utilizing the Clinitek Atlas 10 Reagent Pak.

The list of assayed parameters includes:

Sysmex UF-1000i:RBC(/μL), WBC(/μL), Epithelial (μL), Cast, Bacteria (μL), Crystals, Conductivity (mS/cm)

Siemens Clinitek Atlas with Atlas 10 Reagent Pak: Glucose (mg/dL), Bilirubin (As Measured), Ketones (mg/dL), Specific Gravity (As Measured), Blood (As Measured), pH (As Measured), Protein (mg/dL), Urobilinogen (EU/dL), Nitrite (As Measured), Leukocytes (As Measured), Color (As Measured), Clarity (As Measured)

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">MAS UA</td><td rowspan="2">Control</td><td rowspan="2">UFII Control (K080887)* Secondary Predicate</td><td rowspan="2">UA-Cellular Complete</td></tr><tr><td>(K023928)-Primary Predicate</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Intended Use</td><td>MAS suitable for use as a control material for physiochemical,</td><td>UA Control intended for use in the clinical laboratory as control for qualitative and</td><td>is UF II CONTROL contains control particles for use in quality control mode of the</td><td rowspan="4">UA-Cellular Complete is an assayed chemistry and cellula urine control for evaluating the accuracy and precision c automated procedures that measure urinary sediment an Sysmex Fully Automated Urine chemistry parameters on the Sysmex® UF-1000i</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>semi-quantitative procedures used in routine</td><td>Particle Analyzer (UF-1000i and UF-500i) and Fully Automated Integrated Urine Analyzer (UX-2000) *Note-UFIl Control Information Sysmex UF-1000i:RBC(/μL), WBC(/μL), Epithelial (/μL),</td><td>Automated Urine Particle Analyzer and the Siemens Clinitek Atlas Automated Urine Chemistry Analyzer utilizing</td></tr><tr><td>specific</td><td>urinalysis testing. values are provided for the systems The user can compare</td><td>Assay listed.</td><td>the Clinitek Atlas 10 Reagent Pak. The list of assayed parameters includes:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">assuring</td><td rowspan="2">consistent performance of reagent and equipment. The product is</td><td rowspan="2">for the UF-1000i instrument. Cast, Bacteria (/μL), Crystals, Conductivity (mS/cm) Siemens Clinitek Atlas with Atlas 10 Reagent Pak: Glucos (mg/dL), Bilirubin (As Measured), Ketones (mg/dL), Specifi Gravity (As Measured), Blood (As Measured), pH (A Measured), Protein (mg/dL), Urobilinogen (EU/dL), Nitrit (As Measured), Leukocytes (As Measured), Color (A)</td></tr><tr><td>observations with expected ranges as a means of</td><td>was submitted with the 510(k)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MAS      UA     Control(K023928)-PrimaryPredicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UFIl Control (K080887)* -Secondary Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UA-Cellular Complete</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayedParameters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL);Bilirubin(AsMeasured),Ketones (AsMeasured), Specific Gravity(As Measured), Blood (AsMeasured), pHI (AsMeasured), Protein (AsMeasured), UrobilinogenEU/dL), Nitrite (AsMeasured), Leukocyte (AsMeasured), Creatinine(mg/dL), Color (AsMeasured), Appearance (AsMeasured), Crystals (AsMeasured)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC (μL), WBC (/μL),Epithelial Cells(/uL), Cast(/μL), Bacteria (/μL),Conductivity (mS/cm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sysmex UF-1000i:RBC(/μL), WBC(/μL), Epithelial (/μL),Cast, Bacteria (/μL), Crystals, Conductivity (mS/cm)Siemens Clinitek Atlas with Atlas 10 Reagent Pak: Glucose(mg/dL), Bilirubin (As Measured), Ketones (mg/dL), SpecificGravity (As Measured), Blood (As Measured), pH (AsMeasured), Protein (mg/dL), Urobilinogen (EU/dL), Nitrite(As Measured), Leukocytes (As Measured), Color (AsMeasured), Clarity (As Measured)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open-VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 weeks at 18-25°C3 months at 2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Closed-VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UA Control is a liquid stablecontrol material preparedfrom human urine. Analytelevels are adjusted withvarious pure chemicals andhuman source materials.UA Control also containspreservatives             andstabilizers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latex Control Particles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stabilized mammalian red blood cells and white blood cells,stabilized bacteria, and simulate urine sediments in apreservative medium. Analyte levels are adjusted withappropriate chemicals.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-10°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-10</td></tr></table>

# Discussion of Tests and Test Results:

To substantiate the product performance claims for UA-Cellular Complete on the Sysmex® UF-1000i™ Automated Urine Particle Analyzer and Siemens® Clinitek Atlas Automated Urine Chemistry Analyzer utilizing the Clinitek Atlas 10 Reagent Pak, Streck cllected product performance data or he foowing studies: Value Assignment, Open-Vial Stability, Closed-Vial Stability, and Precision Performance. Specific details regarding each study are included below:

# Value Assignment

Value Assignment for the UA-Cellular $\oplus$ Complete parameters was based on data collected across three external sites and data collected internally at Streck. Data was collected across three separately manacured lots.Each stevolved ntestig povie a -un epucibility study r he i-vel control on each lot ( $\mathtt { n } { = } 4 0$ per level). Four instruments of the Siemens $\circled{8}$ Clinitek Atlas and Sysmex $\circled{7}$ UF100 were utilized to collect data. Four operators were used in the value assignment study. Assay data collected met the $\pm 3$ Standard Deviation requirements.

# Open -Vial Stability

Open-vial stability testing was based on data collected real time across three separately manufactured lots. All data was collected internally at Streck utilizing one operator. A single instrument of the Siemens® Clinitek Atlas and Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-1000i™m were utilized to collect data. Data collection began on day 30 after the product release date.Values collected over the last 30-days of product dating were compared to the assayed values assigned on Day 0 before product release. All values collected were within the assigned assay range.

# Closed-Vial Stability

The 60-day Closed-Vial Stabilityclaim was verifutilizing three-separately manufactured lots ofcontrol. All data was collected internally at Streck utilizing oe operator.A single instrument of the Siemens Clinitek Atlas and Sysmex $\textcircled{8}$ UF-1000i™m were utilized to collect data. Data collected was within the documented assay ranges.

# Precision Performance

Precision performance testing for UA-Cellular Complete was based on the data collected at three external sites and data collected internally at Streck. Data was collected across three separately manufactured lots. Each site provided a 10-run reproducibility study for the tri-level control $n = 4 0$ per level). Four instruments of the Siemens® Clinitek Atlas and Sysmex $\textcircled{8}$ UF-1000i ™M were utilized to collect dt. Four operators were used in the Precision Performance study.All data for this study fell within he assigned assay values for the product.

These tests established that UA-Cellular Complete is safe and efective for itsintended use and that the pct is ablere n pc atg.Te pc fulfils us sstuc Instructions for Use.

# Conclusions Drawn From Tests:

Study results show UA-Cellular Complete to be consistently reproducible, substantially equivalent to the picate producs, an stable or he ente produc dating.UA-Cellular Coplete is a sfean efve product, which fulfills its intended use when used as instructed in the Instructions for Use.

January 29, 2014

STRECK   
DEBORAH KIPP   
QUALITY ASSURANCE COORDINATOR 7002 SOUTH 109TH ST.   
OMAHA NE 68128

Re: K131444 Trade/Device Name: UA-Cellular Complete Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material Regulatory Class: I, reserved Product Code: JJW Dated: December 18, 2013 Received: December 19, 2013

Dear Ms. Kipp:

We have reviewed your Section ${ \mathfrak { s l } } 0 ( { \mathfrak { k } } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for us state in theenclosure) to legally markete predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.Please note:CRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

y  ovincas   o  A, it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address htp:/wwv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm: for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address hitp://www.ida.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.hum.

Sincerely yours,

Courtney H Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name UA-Cellular® Complete

Indications for Use (Describe)

U procedures that measure urinary sediment and chemistry parameters on the Sysmex $\otimes$ UF- 1000iT Automated Urine Particle Analyzer and the Siemens Clinitek Atlas Automatd Urine Chemistry Analyzer utilizing the Clinitk Atlas 10 Reagent Pak.

The list of assayed parameters includes:

Sysmex UF-1000i:RBC $( \beta \mu L )$ $\mathbb { W B C } ( / \mu \mathrm { L } )$ , Epithelial $( / \mu \ L )$ , Cast, Bacteria $( \cos \theta , 0 ) ,$ Crystals, Conductivity (mS/cm)

o  u L Measured), Color (As Measured), Clarity (As Measured)