# 510(k) Summary

# 510(K) Owner: Address:

Nova Biomedical Corporation 200 Prospect St.   
Waltham, MA 02454   
781-894-0800   
784-891-4806   
1219029

Phone: Fax Number:

# Registration Number:

OCT 1 7 2013

Contact Person:

Paul W. MacDonald

Date Prepared:

01 April 2013

Proprietary Name:

FOCUS Blood Glucose Monitoring System FOCUS Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Common Or Usual Name:

Glucose Test System (Glucose Meter, Test Strips, and Glucose Controls)

Classification Name:

Glucose Dehydrogenase, Glucose

Device Classification:

I1

Regulation Number:

21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1345

Product Codes: NBW, LFR, JJX

Predicate Device(s):

K122435: Nova Biomedical Corporation Nova One Glucose Monitor System

# Intended Use:

The FOCUS Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood obtained from the fingertip or forearm. Intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared. Intended for self-testing outside the body by people with diabetes mellitus as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. Alternative site testing on the forearm can be used only during steady-state blood glucose conditions. Not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, and not intended for use on neonates.

FOCUS Blood Glucose Test Strips are used only with FOCUS Meters to quantitatively measure whole bloo glucosein fesh, human capillary wholeblood taken from the fingertip or forearm.

FOCUS Control Solution is for use with FOCUS and FOCUS PRO Meters and Test Strips as a quality control check to verify that the meter and test strip are working together properly, and that the test is performing correctly.

The FOCUS PRO Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in venous and arterial whole blood and in fresh capillary whole blood obtained from the fingertip or forearm. intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) for multipatient use in a professional healthcare setting as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program.This system should only be used with sing-use, auto-disabling lancing devices. Alternative site testing on the forearm should be used only during steady-state blood glucose conditions. Not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, and not intended for use on neonates.

FOCUS PRO Blood Glucose Test Strips are used only with FOCUS PRO Meters for the quantitative measurement of glucose in venous and arterial whole blood and in fresh capillary whole blood taken from the fingertip or forearm.

FOCUS Control Solution is for use with FOCUS and FOCUS PRO Meters and Test Strips as a quality control check to verify that the meter and test strip are working together properly, and that the test is performing correctly

# Device Description:

The FOCUS and FOCUS Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems are comprised of glucose reagent test strips using glucose dehydrogenase flavin-adenine dinucleotide chemistry (GDH-FAD), a portable hand-held electronic meter and glucose control sotutions.

The FOCUS and FOCUS Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems are identical and include identical components (test strips, meter, control solutions), differing only in name to identify the intended user of the system. The FOCUS Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for single-patient use (self-testing) and the FOCUS Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for multi-patient use (healthcare professional user).

When a user inserts a test strip into the meter, the meter turns on. White the test strip is in the meter, the user obtains a blood or glucose control sample, and then applies the sample to the test strip by touching the test strip to the sample. When an adequate amount of sample has been applied to the test strip, the meter emits an audible beep (when this feature is selected by the user) and the test begins. The meter's liquid crystal display (LCD) shows a test is in process by counting down from the number 4. When the test is complete, the meter displays the glucose result. Blood glucose results are plasma-calibrated to facilitate comparison to standard laboratory methods of blood glucose measurement.

The Blood Glucose Meter is a handheld device powered by one 3-volt nonrechargeable lithium battery. The meter includes a Test Port for insertion of a single test strip, an LCD display, a test strip release button, and buttons to navigate through menu choices. Meter operation is self-prompting using three user interface buttons. in addition to measuring glucose, the Meter also stores blood glucose and control solution results. The Meter offers audible feedback for user inputs, and audible and/or visual feedback for prompts and user alerts. A "battery low" warning alerts the user to change the batteries.Battery charge information is available on the "Meter status screen". The user can select the auto shutoff option to conserve power when the Meter is not in use.Test data and Meter setup information will be stored in a non-volatile form to prevent data loss.

Meter Power Supply: The meter uses single volt (3V) lithium, non rechargeable battery (# CR2032). Theoretical battery life is approximately 1 year or 1000 tests, when testing is performed three times per day.

No-Coding System. The user is not required to enter a test strip lot-specific Calibration Code into the meter by pressing a button or by inserting a Code Key. FOCUS and FOCUs Pro test strips are assigned only one code and this single code is used for all strip lots.

Glucose Control Solutions are aqueous assayed solutions, containing buffered D-Glucose, viscosity-adjusting agent, preservatives and other nonreactive ingredients (dye).They contain no products of human origin. There are three leveis of controls, (Levels 1, 2 and 3).

When a control solution sample is applied to the FOCUS or FOCUS Pro test strip, the meter automatically detects and identifies the glucose control sample using an impedance measurement while performing the glucose measurement. After identifying the sample as control solution, the meter marks the result with the control solution icon and stores the marked result in the meter memory. All control results are excluded from the glucose patient resuit average cafculations.

Summary of the Technological Characteristics:

The FOCUS and FOCUS Pro Blood Glucose Monitors have the same fundamental scientific technology and the same intended use as the predicate Nova One Glucose Monitor System (K122435).

The FOCUS and FOCUS Pro Blood Glucose Monitors measure glucose electrochemically as described in the Nova One Glucose Monitor System (K122435). In the same manner, the magnitude of the current is proportional to the amount of glucose present in the sample, providing a quantitative measure of glucose in whole blood and control solutions.

# Comparison to Predicate Devices:

The FOCUS and FOCUS Pro Biood Glucose Monitors use the same fundamental scientific technology and have the same intended use as the predicate Nova One Glucose Monitor System (K122435).

Performance Studies:

The performance of the FOCUS and FOCUS Pro Blood Glucose Monitors was studied in the laboratory and in Human Factors testing by healthcare professionals and lay users. The studies demonstrated that lay users can obtain blood glucose results that are substantially equivalent to the current methods for blood glucose measurements.

# Conclusion:

Results of laboratory and Human Factors testing demonstrate that the performance of the FOCUS and FOCUS Pro Blood Glucose Monitors have the same intended uses, with similar technological characteristics and can produce results that are substantially equivalent to results obtained on the predicate devices. The systems perform as intended and raise no new safety or effectiveness issues.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTIC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FOCUS Blood Glucose Monitoring System(Self-Monitoring)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FOCUS PRO Blood Glucose MonltoringSystem (Professional Monitoring)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceK122435: Nova One System(Professional Monitoring)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Range(mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 -600</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coulometric Electrochemical Sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coulometric Electrochemical Sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coulometric Electrochemical Sensor</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse/Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FOCUS Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem is intended for the quantitativemeasurement of glucose in fresh capillarywhole blood obtained from the fingertip orforearrm. Intended to be used by a singlepatient and should not be shared. Intended forself-testing outside the body by people withdiabetes mellitus as an aid to monitor theeffectiveness of diabetes control. Alternativesite testing on the forearm can be used onlyduring steady-state blood glucose conditions.Not intended for the diagnosis of or screeningfor diabetes, and not intended for use onneonates.FOCUS Blood Glucose Test Strips are usedonly with FOCUS Meters to quantitativelymeasure whole blood glucose in fresh, humancapillary whole blood taken from the fingertipor forearm.FOCUS Control Solution is for use withFOCUS and FOCUS PRO Meters andTest Strips as a quality control check toverify that the meter and test strip areworking together properly, and that thetest is performing correctly.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FOCUS PRO Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem is intended for the quantitativemeasurement of glucose in venous andarterial whole blood and in fresh capillarywhole blood obtained from the fingertip orforearm. Intended for testing outside the body(in vitro diagnostic use) for multi-patient use ina professional healthcare setting as an aid tomonitor the effectiveness of a diabetes controlprogram. This system should only be usedwith sing-use, auto-disabling lancing devices.Alternative site testing on the forearm shouldbe used only during steady-state bloodglucose conditions. Not intended for thediagnosis of or screening for diabetes, andnot intended for use on neonates.FOCUS PRO Blood Glucose Test Strips areused only with FOCUS PRO Meters for thequantitative measurement of glucose invenous and arterial whole blood and in freshcapillary whole blood taken from the fingertipor foream.FOCUS Control Solution is for use withFOCUS and FOCUS PRO Meters andTest Strips as a quality control check toverify that the meter and test strip areworking together properly, and that thetest is performing correctly.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Nova One Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem is intended to be used for thequantitative measurement of glucose invenous, arterial and fresh capillary wholeblood from the finger and forearm. It isintended for testing outside the body (in vitrodiagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in a professional healthcaresetting as an aid to monitor the effectivenessof diabetes control program. This systemshould only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancets. The Nova One BloodGlucose Monitoring System is not intended forthe diagnosis of or screening for diabetes,and it is not intended for use on neonates.Alternative site testing on the forearm shouldbe used only during steady-state bloodglucose conditions.Nova One Blood Glucose Test Strips are foruse with the Nova One Blood GlucoseMonitors for quantitatively measuring glucosein venous, arterial and fresh capillary wholeblood from the finger and forearm. TheGlucose Monitor is calibrated to provideplasma equivalent results to laboratorymethods. Nova One Glucose Test Strips arefor testing outside the body (in vitro diagnosticuse only). The Nova One Blood GlucoseMonitor should only be used as directed. Theyare not intended for the diagnosis of orscreening for diabetes, and are not intendedfor use on newborms.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTIC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FOCUS Blood Glucose Monitoring System(Self-Monitoring)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FOCUS PRO Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem (Professional Monitoring)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceK122435: Nova One System(Professional Monitoring)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nova Max Control Solutions are intended use with the Nova Max, Nova Max One anNova One Blood Glucose Monitoring Systeas a quality control check to verify theaccuracy of blood glucose test results. Theare three levels of controls, (Levels 1, 2, 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range (%)</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole blood from the fingertip.forearm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venous, arterial whole blood and capillarywhole blood from the fingertip. foream</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venous, arterial whole blood and capillarywhole blood from the fingertip. foream</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Size</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Units</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Application</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary action of test strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary action of test strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary action of test strip</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Handheld Meter</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Data Storage</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 400 blood and contrl solution results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 400 blood and control solution results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 400 blood and control solution result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis Time(seconds)</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Insulin Tracking</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Source</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One 3-volt coin cell battery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One 3-volt coin cell battery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One 3-volt coin cell battery</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip Ejector</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip ActiveReagent (Enzyme)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Glucose Dehydrogenase - FAD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Dehydrogenase - FAD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Dehydrogenase - FAD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip CalibrationCoding</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">No coding. No user input of calibration coderequired</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No coding. No user input of calibration coderequired</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No coding. No user input of calibration codrequired</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Liquid, 3 levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, 3 levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, 3 levels</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic ControlDetection</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Yes, identifies Control sample as Control.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, identifies Control sample as Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lancing Device</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reusable lancing device and sterile lancets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single use disposable safety lancets (notsuplied)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nova single use disposable safety lancets</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketone Alert</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Yes, when glucose value is above 240 mg/dL.Feature can be tmed on/off y he userduring set up.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, when glucose value is above 240 mg/dL.Feature can be tumed on/off by the userduring set up.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr></table>

# October 17, 2013

Nova Biomedical Corporation c/o Paul W. MacDonald, Ph.D. 200 Prospect St. WALTHAM MA 02454-9141

Rc: K131013 Trade/Device Name: Focus Blood Glucose Monitoring System Focus Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: 1I Product Code: NBW, LFR, JJX Dated: October 11, 2013 Received: October 15, 2013

Dear Dr. MacDonald:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( k )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have dctermincd the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the cnactment date of the Medical Device Amendiments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not rcquirc approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability waranties. We remind you, however, that device labcling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class IlI (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intemet address hup://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, plcase note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Par 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Salcty/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtncy H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

# 510(k) Number (if known): K131013 Device Name: FOCUS Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The FOCUS Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fcapillay hol blooi fr rt a  y s ahoul o  ha  -sy  po w bel a id tomonitor theeffectveness o diabetes contol. Aitemativ i testng onhe forear can beuse ursead-sa bloogluocitsonengos e diabetes, and not intended for use on neonates.

FOCU Blood Glucose Test Strips are used nly with FOC Meters to quantatively measure whol

FOCUS Control Solution is for use with FOCUS and FOCUS PRO Meters and Test Stips as a quality control check to verify that the meter and test stip are working together properly. and that the test is performing correctly.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Devices and Radiologic Health (OIR)

# Stayce Beck

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Devices and Radiologic Health

510(k)

# Indications for Use Form

# 510(k) Number (if known): K131013 Device Name: FOCUS Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The FOCUS PRO Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose n venous and arterial whole blood and in fresh capilary whol bloodobtaind from he fngertip or foream. Intended for testing outside the body (in vito diagnostic use) for multi-patent use in a professional healthcare setting as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes contol program.This system should only be used with sing-use, auto-disabling lancing devices. Alterative site testing on the forearm should be used only during steady-state blood glucose conditions. Not intended for the diagosis of or screening for diabetes, and not intended for use on neontes.

FU PRO Blood Glucose Test Stips are sed only with FOCUS RO Meters for te quanitative e op a the fingertip or forearm.

FOCUS Control Solution is for use with FOCUS and FOCUS PRO Meters and Test Strips as a quality conol check to verify that he meter and tst strip are working tgether propery, nd that the tes is performing correctly.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Devices and Radiologic Health (OIR)

# Stayce Beck

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Devices and Radiologic Health