<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apex Biotechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact Person:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hsue-mei LeeManager of Quality Assurance DepartmentApex Biotechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)email: hsue-mei@apexbio.comPhone: 011-886-3-5641952FAX: 011-886-3-5678302</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Prepared:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">February 17, 2014</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutoSure HT Blood Glucose Monitoring SystemAutoSure HT Blood Glucose Test StripsContrex Plus 4 Glucose Control Solutions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose test system, 21 CFR 862.1345, Class IISingle (specified) analyte controls (assayed and unassayed), Class I, 21CFR 862.1660</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Codes:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CGA, NBW; JJX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GAL-1A Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k1 13208)Contrex Plus III Glucose Control Solutions (k1 13098)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Description:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The AutoSure HT blood glucose meter and AutoSure HT test strips areused for testing of blood glucose. Contrex Plus 4 Glucose ControlSolutions are used for quality control testing of the systems.</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use: The Contrex Plus 4 glucose control solution is used with the AutoSure HT meter and AutoSure HT test strips to verify that the meter and test strips are </td><td>AutoSure HT Blood Glucose Monitoring System The AutoSure HT Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm, or palm. Alternative site testing should be performed only during steady-state (when glucose is not changing rapidly). Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for lay use by people with diabetes, as an aid to monitoring levels in Diabetes Mellitus and should only be used by a single patient and it should not be shared. It is not indicated for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. AutoSure HT Blood Glucose Test Strips The AutoSure HT Blood Glucose Test Strips are to be used with the AutoSure HT Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in capillary whole blood taken from fingertips, palm, or forearm. Contrex Plus 4 Glucose Control Solutions</td></tr><tr><td>Comparison of Technological Characteristics: chemistry of the Contrex Plus 4 control solutions has been modified slightly</td><td>working together properly and that the test is performing correctly. The AutoSure HT meter has been modified relative to the predicate by minor changes in external design and modifications of the test strip holder to support the hematocrit compensation feature. Meter software has been augmented to support the hematocrit compensation feature. The AutoSure HT test strip has been modified relative to the predicate by minor changes in chemistry [17% increase in glucose oxidase, 6% increase in electron shuttle], alteration of electrode tracks to support 8 calibration codes, and addition of a second blood channel to support the hematocrit compensation feature. The</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-ClinicalTesting:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing was conducted as follows: EMC and Electrical Safety, test stripholder reliability testing, battery life verification, drop testing, disinfectionperformance (robustness of meter to multiple cleanings and disinfections),software verification and validation, and linearity testing with validation ofLo/Hi detection, temperature and humidity testing, sample volumeverification, precision testing, interferences testing, altitude testing,qualification of control solutions, hematocrit performance testing,Disinfection testing with recommended disinfectant wipes was done using ananimal virus test model. Results demonstrate substantial equivalence to thepredicate system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">An accuracy study was conducted with blood testing at finger, palm, andforearm sites by healthcare professionals. A User Performance study wasconducted with self-testing at finger, palm, and forearm sites by home users,including evaluation of ease of use and ease of understanding of the usermanual. Results demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conclusion:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical and non-clinical testing demonstrated that the AutoSure HT systemperforms in a substantially equivalent manner to that of the predicate. Weconclude that the AutoSure HT system is substantially equivalent to thepredicate system.</td></tr></table>

# APEX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP. HSUE-MEI LEE,MANAGER, QA NO. 7, LI-HSIN ROAD V, HSINCHU SCIENCE PARK HSINCHU 30078, CHINA (TAIWAN)

Re: K131750 Trade/Device Name: AutoSure HT Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CGA, NBW, JJX Dated: January 24, 2014 Received: January 28, 2014

Dear Ms. Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). Y h      T general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranWe remid you, however, that device labelng must be truthful and not misleag.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must cy h  he ' ues cli  o i o ra an s CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as  forth n the quality systems (QS) regulation (2 CFR Part 820); and  pplicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If yu desie specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, Interational and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intermet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 0.For questions regarding he oting  vere vent ndr he  egulati 1 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://wwv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReponaProblem/efault.htmor theCDRH's Offce of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, Intermational and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intemet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics.   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

AutoSure HT Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

iv shared. It s not indicate or the ignosis r srenng o dibetes or or natalu.

Th B  iv glucose in capillary whole blood taken from fingertips, palm, or foream.

T and test strips are working together properly and that the test is performing correctly.