# 1131546

# 510k Summary AU Bicarbonate Reagent

1.0 Submitted By:

David G. Davis   
Director Regulatory Affairs   
Beckman Coulter Inc.   
250 S. Kraemer Boulevard   
Brea, CA 92821.   
Telephone: (469) 236-8180   
Fax: (714) 961-4234   
Email: dgdavis@beckman.com

2.0 Date Submitted: April 24, 2013

OCT 0 9 2013

3.0 Device Name(s):

3.1 Proprietary Names AU Bicarbonate Reagent

# 3.2 Classification Name

Bicarbonate/carbon dioxide test system (21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1160)

4.0 Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Docket Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU Bicarbonate Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbon Dioxide - DST</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trace</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K960035</td></tr></table>

# 5.0 Description:

The AU Bicarbonate reagent kit is a liquid, ready to use and consists of four R1 reagent vials in various fill volumes. The calibrator is a Beckman Coulter lyophilized chemistry calibrator packaged as catalog number DRo070 and sold separately. The AU Bicarbonate reagent is an enzymatic method utilizing Bicarbonate (HCO3) and phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP), which are converted to oxaloacetate to malate with the concomitant oxidation of reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NADH). This oxidation of NADH results in a decrease in absorbance of the reaction mixture measured bichromatically at 380/410nm proportional to the Bicarbonate content of the sample.

The AU Bicarbonate reagent is designed for optimal performance on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers.

# 6.0 Intended Use:

AU Bicarbonate reagent is intended for the quantitative determination of Bicarbonate in human serum and plasma on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers.

Bicarbonate measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated with changes in body acidbase balance.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

# Clinical Significance

Bicarbonate measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated with changes in body acidbase balance.

# 7.0 Comparison to Predicate(s):

The following tables shows similarities and differences between the predicate identified in Section 4.0 of this summary.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU Bicarbonate Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System reagent for the quantitativedetermination of Bicarbonate inhuman serum and plasma onBeckman Coulter AU analyzers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarThis reagent is intended for in vitroquantitative determination of totalcarbon dioxide in human serum onboth automated and manualsystems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, Ready for use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayMethodology/OperatingPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzymatic Photometric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum based calibrator traceable toNIST standard(Cat #DR0070)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarRecommended to use an aqueousor serum based calibrator traceableto a primary standard (e.g. NIST orIRMM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 - 45.0 mEq/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar3 -50 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExpectedValues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23 - 29 mEq/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same23.0 - 29.0 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU Bicarbonate Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beckman Coulter AU Analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated and manual systems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and Plasma(Sodium Heparin and LithiumHeparin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent OnBoard Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Opened reagents are stable forseven days when stored in therefrigerated compartment of theanalyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not specified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationFrequency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Daily</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not specified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoB = 1.20 mEq/LLOD = 1.95 mEq/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical 0.01 ΔA per mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InterferingSubstances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unconjugated Bilirubin:No significant interference up to40 mg/dLConjugated Bilirubin:No significant interference up to20 mg/dLHemolysis:No significant interference up to500 mg/dLLipemia:No significant interference up to1000 mg/dL IntralipidNo significant interference isrecovery within 10% of initial value</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unconjugated Bilirubin:No interference up to 18.6 mg/dLConjugated Bilirubin:No interference up to 18.7 mg/dLHaemoglobin:No interference up to520 mg/dLLipemia:No interference measured atabsorbance 630 nm, up to 1.77 AU</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Summary of Performance Data:

The data in the Premarket Notification on safety and effectiveness supports a finding of substantial equivalence to a predicate chemistry test systems already in commercial distribution. Equivalence is demonstrated through performance characteristics testing. Experiments included: Method Comparison, Precision, Linearity, Sensitivity, Interferences, Stability and Expected Values, as outlined in FDA's guidance entitled "In Vitro Diagnostic Bicarbonate/Carbon Dioxide Test System."

Performance on method comparison and precision are summarized below:

Method Comparison Study Results   

<table><tr><td>Reference</td><td>Test</td><td>Sample Range:</td><td>Specifications</td><td>Results</td><td>Pass/ Fail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Thermo Scientific (TR28321)</td><td rowspan="3">AU Bicarbonate (OSR6x37)</td><td rowspan="3">Ref: 5.63 mEq/L - 45.44 mEq/L Test: 4.69 mEq/L - 41.85 mEq/L</td><td>Slope: 0.900-1.100</td><td>Slope: 0.922</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>Intercept: ±2.0mEq/L</td><td>Intercept: 1.148mEq/L</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>r: ≥ 0.95 N: &gt;100</td><td>r: 0.9909 N: 133</td><td>Pass Pass</td></tr></table>

Precision Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationmEqL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Within run precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total precision</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pass/Fail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lowpool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤3%CVor SD≤1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤7%CV or SD≤1.5mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medpool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤3%CVor SD≤1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤7%CV or SD≤1.5mEa/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highpool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;3%CVor SD≤1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤7%CV or SD≤1.5mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.

# October 9, 2013

Beckman Coulter Ireland, Inc. c/o David G. Davis 250 S. Kraemer Blvd. BREA CA 92821

Re: K131546 Trade/Device Name: AU Bicarbonate Reagent Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1160 Regulation Name: Bicarbonate/carbon dioxide test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: KHS Dated: August 21, 2013 Received: August 29, 2013

Dear Mr. Davis:

We have reviewed your Section $\pmb { 5 1 0 0 } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to evics at ave been reclassi  crdance with the proviions  the Fedeal FoDr ad Cosmeict (Act) that onot requieapproval a premarket provalapplaton (MA). You may, therere, market thedevi sbject  he eneal controls proisons  the Ac.Th general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing o devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warrant.We remind you, however, hat device labelng must be truthful and not misleadng.

If your device is classified (see above) into eitherclass I (Special Controls) rclass Ⅲ (MA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Mr. Davis

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intemet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDcvices/ResourcesforYou/industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default,lhum for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilitics under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.hum.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: k131546

Device Name: AU Bicarbonate Reagent

Indications for Use: AU Bicarbonate reagent is intended for the quantitative determination of Bicarbonate in human serum and plasma on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers.

Bicarbonate measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated with changes in body acid-base balance.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)