# 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

Submitter Name, Address, Contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250

Contact Person: Edie Eads

Phone: (317) 521-4668 ∞ FAX: (317) 521-2324 Email: edie.eads@roche.com

Date Prepared: January 21, 2014

# Device Name

Proprietary name:  (1) Elecsys FT4 II Assay Elecsys FT4 II CalSet

Common name: (1) FT4 II Assay () FT4 II Calibrator

Classification name: (1) Radioimmunoassay, Free thyroxine test system Calibrator

Product Codes: (1) CEC, 21 CFR 862.1695   
(2) JIT, 21 CFR 862.1150

Predicate Devices: (1) Elecsys FT4 Assay (K961489) CEC, 21 CFR 862.1695 (2) Elecsys FT4 CalSet (K961489) JIS, 21 CFR 862.1150

# Establishment Registration

For the Elecsys FT4 II Assay and the Elecsys FT4 II CalSet, the establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics GmbH in Mannheim, Germany, is 9610126 and for Penzberg, Germany, is 9610529. The establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics United States is 1823260.

# 510(k) Summary, continued

# Device Description

1) The Elecsys F4 Il Assay is a quantitative test for determination of free thyroxine in human serum and plasma. The total duration of the assay is 18 minutes. Elecsys FT4 Il is a two-step competitive immunoassay with streptavidin microparticles, T4-specific polyclonal anti-T4-antibody (sheep) labeled with a sulfonyl-ruthenium complex, and electrochemiluminescence detection. Results are determined via a calibration curve which is instrumentspecifically generated by a two-point calibration and a master curve provided via the reagent barcode.

(2) The Elecsys FT4 II CalSet is a ready-for-use buffer/protein (bovine serum albumin) matrix with added L-Thyroxine in two concentration ranges.

FT4 II Cal1: 2 bottles, each containing $1 . 0 \mathrm { m L }$ of calibrator 1   
• FT4 II Cal2: 2 bottles, each containing $1 . 0 \mathrm { m L }$ of calibrator 2

Note:The reagent and calibrator are packaged separately.

Intended Use/ Indications for Use

Elecsys FT4 II Reagent:

The Elecsys FT4 II Assay is for the in vitro quantitative determination of free Thyroxine in human serum and plasma. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of thyroid diseases.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Elecsys FT4 II CalSet:Elecsys FT4 II CalSet is used for calibratin the quantitative Elecsys FT4 II assay on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# 510(k) Summary, continued

# Substantial Equivalence

The Elecsys FT4 II Test System is substantially equivalent to other devices legally marketed in the United States.

(1) Elecsys FT4 II Assay is equivalent to the Elecsys FT4 Assay (K961489).

(2) Elecsys FT4 II CalSet is equivalent to the Elecsys FT4 CalSet (K961489).

Substantial EquivalenceComparison

The following tables compare the Elecsys FT4 II Test System and the Elecsys FT4 II CalSet with their predicates.

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys FT4 II Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Elecsys FT4Assay (K961489)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Assay Features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The FT4 II Assay is for the in vitroquantitative determination of freeThyroxine in human serum andplasma. Measurements obtained bythis device are used in the diagnosisand treatment of thyroid diseases.The electrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay &quot;ECLIA&quot; is intendedfor use on Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoassay for the in vitroquantitative determination of freeThyroxine in human serum andplasma.The electrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay &quot;ECLIA&quot; is intended foruse on Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayProtocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitativeelectrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionProtocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemiluminescence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Applications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-minute application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys FT4 II Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Elecsys FT4Assay (K961489)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General Assay Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ures</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentPlatform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas e 411,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas e 411, Elecsys 2010,MODULAR ANALYTICS E170,cobas e 411, cobas e 601 and cobas e602</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Undiluted human serum and undilutedplasma treated with Li-heparin, K2-EDTA, and K3-EDTA.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Undiluted human serum and undilutedplasma treated with Li-, Na-, NH+4 -heparin, K3-EDTA, sodium citrate,and sodium fluoride/potassiumoxalate.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys FT4 II assay is acompetitive immunoassay whichincludes a specific polyclonal anti-T4-antibody (sheep) labeled with asulfonyl-ruthenium complex,thyroxine labeled with biotin andstreptavidin coated microparticles.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys FT4 assay is acompetitive immunoassay whichincludes a specific anti-T4 antibodylabeled with a ruthenium complex,thyroxine labeled with biotin andstreptavidin coated microparticles.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys FT4 II CalSet, 2 levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys FT4 CalSet, 2 levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration of an Elecsys FT4 IIreagent lot is recommended every 28days. During that time period, freshreagent kits of the same lot can beused without calibration by using thecalibration curve of the Day 0 reagentkit. Renewed calibration isrecommended as follows:•After 1 month (28 days) whenusing the same reagent lot.After 7 days (when using thesame reagent kit on theanalyzer).As required: e.g. quality controlfindings outside the specified limits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Universal orother suitable control material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys FT4 II Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Elecsys FT4Assay (K961489)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>General Assay Features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability /Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys FT4 II Assay has beenstandardized against the Elecsys FT4method. The Elecsys FT4 assay istraceable to the Enzymun-Test whichwas standardized using equilibriumdialysis.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys FT4 Assay has beenstandardized against theEnzymun-Test FT4 method,which was standardized usingequilibrium dialysis.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened at 2-8 °C—up to statedexpiration dateAfter opening at 2-8 °C—84 days (12weeks)On the Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers — 28 days (4weeks) onboard or 56 days when storedalternatively in the refrigerator and onthe analyzer, with the total timeonboard the analyzer not exceeding 120hours.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SameSameOn the Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers - 4weeks onboard</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys FT4 II Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Elecsys FT4Assay (K961489)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Labeled Performance Chara</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cteristicsidaTama</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 ng/dL to 7.77 ng/dL(1.3 - 100 pmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.300-100 pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas e 411:Within-run (will be labeledRepeatability) n=84, human seraHS 1: 4.0% CV @ 0.138 ng/dL(1.78 pmol/L)HS 2: 1.3% CV @ 1.03 ng/dL(13.3 pmol/L)HS 3: 1.3% CV @ 1.90 ng/dL(24.5 pmol/L)HS 4: 1.7% CV @ 4.93 ng/dL(63.5 pmol/L)HS 5: 1.8% CV @ 7.09 ng/dL(91.2 pmol/L)Total (will be labeled Intermediate)HS 1: 7.6% CV @ 0.138 ng/dL(1.78 pmol/L)HS 2: 2.3% CV @ 1.03 ng/dL(13.3 pmol/L)HS 3: 2.1% CV @ 1.90 ng/dL(24.5 pmol/L)HS 4: 3.3% CV @ 4.93 ng/dL(63.5 pmol/L)HS 5: 4.5% V @ 7.09 ng/dL(91.2 pmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys 2010 and cobas e 411:Within-run (will be labeledRepeatability) n=60, human seraHS 1: 1.6% CV @  8.7 pmol/LHS 2: 1.7% CV @  21.1 pmol/LHS 3: 2.9% CV @  50.8 pmol/LTotal (will be labeled Intermediate)HS 1: 3.5% CV @  8.7 pmol/LHS 2: 3.3% CV @  21.1 pmol/LHS 3: 6.6% CV @  50.8 pmol/LMODULAR ANALYTICS E170,cobas e 601, and cobas e 602:Within-run (will be labeledRepeatability) n=60, human seraHS 1: 1.4% CV @  9.15 pmol/LHS 2: 1.8% CV @  16.9 pmol/LHS 3: 2.0% CV @  34.2 pmol/LTotal (will be labeled Intermediate)HS 1: 2.7% CV @  14.9 pmol/LHS 2: 2.6% CV @  17.5 pmol/LHS 3: 3.6% CV @  42.7 pmol/L</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Elecsys FT4 II Assay</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate Device: Elecsys FT4Assay (K961489)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Charar</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalSensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Limit of Blank (LoB): 0.03 ng/dL          Lower Detection Limit: 0.300(0.4 pmol/L)                                    pmol/LLimit of Detection (LoD): 0.05 ng/dL(0.6 pmol/L)Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) (FunctionalSensitivity) 0.1 ng/dL(1.3 pmol/L) with an intermediateprecision of≤ 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>AnalyticalSpecificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CrossReactivity(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CrossReactivity(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-T3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-T4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-T3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.001</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-T4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rT3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.003</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-T3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-iodo-L-trosine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.000</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-T3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,5-diiodo-L-tyrosine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.000</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-iodo-L-tyrosine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3,3&#x27;,5-triiodohyoacetic acid</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>≤ 0.0002</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,5-diiodo-L-tyrosine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>−</td><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3,3&#x27;,5,5;-tetraiodothyroacetic acid</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>38.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3,3&#x27;,5,5&#x27;-tetraiodothyroaceticacid</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>≤ 0.001</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hook Effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>There is no high-dose hook effect sincethe Elecsys FT4 II assay is a competitiveassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>The assay is unaffected by:.  Icterus (bilirubin &lt; 701μmol/L or &lt;41 mg/dL)Hemolysis (Hb &lt; 0.621 mmol/L or &lt;1.0 g/dL)Lipemia (Intralipid &lt; 2000 mg/dL)Biotin (&lt; 81.8 nmol/L or &lt; 20ng/mL)Albumin &lt;6.3 g/dL• IgG &lt; 7 g/dLIgA &lt; 1.6 g/dLIgM &lt; 1 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The assay is unaffected by:Icterus (bilirubin &lt; 701 μmol/Lor &lt; 41 mg/dL)Hemolysis (Hb &lt; 1.2 mmol/L or&lt;2 g/dL)Lipemia (Intralipid &lt; 2000mg/dL)Biotin (&lt; 409 nmol/L or &lt; 100ng/mL)IgG &lt; 7 g/dLIgM &lt; 2 g/dL.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalSet for Elecsys FT4 II Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Elecsys FT4Assay (K961489)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys FT4 II CalSet is used forcalibrating the quantitative ElecsysFT4 II assay on the Elecsys and cobase immunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffer/protein (bovine serum albumin)matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2 - 8°C up to the statedexpiration date.After opening/in aliquots:At 2 - 8°C: 12 weeks• On Elecsys 2010/cobas e 411 at20°: Up to 5 hours.On MODULAR ANALYTICSE170/cobas e 601 and cobas e602: Use only once.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The calibrators are supplied ready-for-use in bottles compatible with thesystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Standard/ Guidance Document Reference

In addition to FDA guidance regarding $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ submissions, the following standards were used for the performance studies.

Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline - Second Edition. CLSI document EP5-A2, Volume 24, No. 25, August 2004.

Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline - Second Edition. CLSI document EP 17-A2, Volume 32, No. 8, June 2012.

Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline. CLSI document EP6-A, Volume 23, No. 16, April 2003.

Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory; Approved Guideline - Third Edition. CLSI document C28-A3c, Volume 28, No. 30, October 2010 (corrected version).

# Performance Studies Summary

The Elecsys FT4 II Assay was evaluated for several performance characteristics, including precision, limit of blank, limit of detection, limit of quantitation, linearity, method comparison, interfering substances, and calibration and reagent stability. There were no modifications to the Elecsys FT4 II CalSet from the Elecsys FT4 CalSet other than the name and catalog number.

1Precision (CLSI EP5-A2): The precision of the Elecsys FT4 II assay was evaluated on one cobas e 411 Immunoassay Analyzer according to CLSI EP5-A2 guideline. Repeatability and Intermediate precision were calculated according to EP5-A2.

The protocol consisted of testing 2 replicates of each human serum sample and control per run, two (2) runs per day (whereas the runs were divided by dummy samples) for 21 days.

Specification for Repeatability/within-run precision: . Concentrations of $\leq 0 . 4 ~ \mathrm { \mathfrak { n g / d L } }$ .. $\mathrm { S D } \leq 0 . 0 2 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ Concentrations of $> 0 . 4 - 7 . 7 7 \ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ $C V \leq 5 \%$

Specification for Intermediate/within-laboratory precision: Concentrations of $\leq 0 . 4 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ .. $\mathrm { S D } \leq 0 . 0 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ Concentrations of $\mathrm { > 0 . 4 - 7 . 7 7 ~ n g / d L }$ $C V \leq 8 \%$

Performance Studies Summary, continued

The table below summarizes the results of the precision studies performed with the Elecsys FT4 II test system. Based on these data, the precision meets the specifications.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(ng/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Intermediate Precision</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>•n</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(ng/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%UCL*(% orng/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(ng/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%UCL*(% orng/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCU 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCU 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HS 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007ng/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014ng/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HS 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HS 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HS 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HS 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.319</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr></table>

\* Upper confidence limit

2. Limit of Blank (LoB) (CLSI EP17-A2): LoB of the Elecsys FT4 II assay on two cobas e 41 1 Immunoassay Analyzers has been determined according to CLSI EP17-A2 using three reagent lots.

The distribution of values for one analyte-free human serum sample has been determined on two cobas e 411 Immunoassay Analyzers over four days, one or two runs per day with five-fold determination in each run; (total 60 determinations).

Since there are no natural human samples without FT4 analyte, the analyte-free sample was created by depleting T4. As the analyzers do not report negative sample concentrations, the data set is truncated and the data were evaluated according to EP17-A2, 5.3.3.1 as the linear interpolation of the 57th and 58th ranked observation.

The LoB claim in the package insert will be set to $\leq 0 . 0 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ .

3.Limit of Detection (LoD) (CLSI EP17-A2): LoD of the Elecsys FT4 II assay has been determined according to CLSI EP17-A2, 5.3.3.2.

The distribution of values for five low-level human serum samples has been determined on two cobas e 411 immunoassay analyzers over four days, one or two runs per day with a single measurement per run.

A pooled estimate of the precision $\mathrm { ( S D _ { t o t a l } ) }$ for the 5 low level samples was calculated: $\mathrm { L o D } = \mathrm { L o B } + 1 . 6 5 3 \times \mathrm { S D }$ total (of low analyte samples)

The LoD claim in the package insert will be set to $\leq 0 . 0 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ .

Performance Studies Summary, continued

4. LoQ / Functional Sensitivity (CLSI EP17-A2): The LoQ of the Elecsys FT4 II assay was determined on the cobas e 411 immunoassay analyzer according to CLSI Guideline EP17-A2.

A Low-Level Sample Set of 8 samples was prepared by diluting native human serum samples with an analyte-free human serum matrix and were tested in single replicates for four days, one or two runs per day on two cobas e 41 limmunoassay analyzers. Each run was calibrated separately using a two-point calibration in combination with the master curve stored on the reagent barcode. The Elecsys PreciControl Universal was tested and evaluated for each run to determine assay validity.

The mean, standard deviation and coefficient of variation for each sample were calculated. Functional sensitivity as the concentration corresponding to a coefficient of variation of $2 0 \%$ was obtained from plotting the %CV (y-axis) vs. measured FT4 values (x-axis).

# Acceptance criterion:

Interassay coefficient of variation $\leq 2 0 \%$

The Limit of Quantitation/Functional sensitivity claim in the package insert will be set to $0 . 1 \ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ .

The following results were obtained:

Lot MP02: Functional sensitivity $= 0 . 0 5 9 { \mathrm { n g / d L } }$ Lot P2: Functional sensitivity $= 0 . 0 6 9 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ Lot P3: Functional sensitivity $= 0 . 0 8 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$

Performance Studies Summary, continued

5. Linearity (CLSI EP6-A): Linearity of the Elecsys FT4 II assay was assessed on the cobas e 411 Immunoassay Analyzer according to CLSI EP6-A.

Three high analyte serum sample pools (spiked with L-Thyroxine) were diluted with fT4 depleted human serum. For each sample pool, 13 concentrations (11 dilutions) throughout the measuring range were prepared. Samples were assayed in 3-fold determination within a single run.

The linearity data were analyzed with regards to linear, quadratic and cubic polynomials according to CLSI EP6-A. In the first step, a linearity check was performed with a first order (linear) regression and then with higher order models (quadratic and cubic).

# Acceptance criteria:

Significance level for deviation to higher order polynomial: $5 \%$

Limits for deviation of higher order polynomial regression:

: $0 . 1 - 0 . 3 8 8 \mathrm { n g / d L }$ − $\pm 0 . 0 7 8 \mathrm { n g / d L }$ : $> 0 . 3 8 8 - 7 . 7 7 { \mathrm { n g / d L } }$ . $\pm 1 0 \%$

Repeatability for linearity:

: $0 . 1 - 0 . 3 8 8 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ .. ± 0.039 ng/dL : $> 0 . 3 8 8 - 7 . 7 7 { \mathrm { n g / d L } } ;$ . $\pm 5 \%$ EPY

Linearity was confirmed in the range from 0.096 to $8 . 2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$

6. Specificity/Cross Reactivity: The specificity of the Elecsys FT4 II assay was determined using native human serum samples or human serum samples spiked with L-Thyroxine (single donors) spiked with potential cross-reactant compounds tested in duplicate on cobas e 41 1 Immunoassay Analyzer.

In the labeling, Roche will report the maximum cross-reactivity found and the highest concentration tested. See table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-T3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-T3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rT3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-iodo-L-trosine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,5-diiodo-L-tyrosine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,3&#x27;,5-triiodohyroacetic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,3&#x27;,5,5&#x27;-tetraiodothyroaceticacid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.001</td></tr></table>

Performance Studies Summary, continued

7. Exogenous Interferences - Drugs: 17 pharmaceutical compounds (concentration defined as x times the maximum daily dose according to the SOP) and 12 thyroid drugs and Furosemide were spiked into human serum samples (human serum pools spiked with L-Thyroxine) and tested with the Elecsys FT4 II assay on the cobas e 411 Immunoassay Analyzer.

Two samples with approximatelyl.1 ng/dL and $2 . 6 \ : \mathrm { n g / d L }$ of fT4 were divided into aliquots and spiked with potential interferents. The reference sample, without interferents, was spiked with the respective amount of solvent only.

The fT4 concentration of the spiked aliquots was determined in triplicate and compared to the fT4 concentration determined for the reference aliquot (6-fold determination) on one cobas e 411 Immunoassay Analyzer.

Acceptance criterion: $10 0 \pm 1 0 \%$ of the reference value (unspiked sample

Each compound, except Levothyroxine and Furosemide, was found to be non-interfering at the concentration listed below. Levothyroxine and Furosemide will be listed as interfering substances in the "Limitations - Interference" section of the package insert.

8. Exogenous Interferences - Anticoagulants: The effect on quantitation of analyte in the presence of anticoagulants with the Elecsys FT4 II Immunoassay was determined by comparing values obtained from native samples or samples spiked with L-Thyroxine (single donors) drawn into serum, Li-Heparin, K2-EDTA-, and K3- EDTA-plasma primary tubes, and Li-Heparin Plasma Separation Tubes.

Between 53 and 63 serum/plasma pairs per sample material were tested in single determination with one reagent lot on one cobas e 411 Immunoassay Analyzer.

Potential effects are assessed by Passing/Bablok regression and linear regression analysis.

Acceptance criteria:

Slope 0.9 - 1.1 Intercept $< \pm 0 . 0 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ Coefficient of correlation $\Gamma \ge 0 . 9 5$

Performance Studies Summary, continued

Acceptance criterion for single pairs:

: $\mathrm { L o D \ - } < 0 . 3 \ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ $\pm 0 . 0 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ EY $\geq 0 . 3 - 7 . 7 7 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L } ;$ − $\pm 1 0 \%$ of reference value

Conclusion: The specifications were met for all anti-coagulants. The resulting data support the package insert claim that serum, Li-Heparin, K2-EDTA-; and ${ \mathrm { K } } 3$ -EDTA-plasma specimens are acceptable sample types for use with the Elecsys FT4 II Immunoassay.

9. Endogenous Interferences: Effect on quantitation of analyte in the presence of endogenous interfering substances using the Elecsys FT4 II Immunoassay was determined on the cobas e 41 1 Immunoassay Analyzer using pooled human serum samples spiked with LThyroxine. For each interfering substance, 3 serum samples containing low, mid, and high concentrations of fT4 were tested.

Acceptance criterion: Recovery of $10 0 \pm 1 0 \%$ of unspiked reference value.

The assay is unaffected by icterus (bilirubin $< 7 0 1 ~ \mu \mathrm { m o l / L }$ or $< 4 1$ $\mathrm { m g / d L ) }$ , hemolysis $\mathrm { ( H b < 0 . 6 2 1 \ m m o l { L } }$ or $< 1 . 0 \ \mathrm { g / d L } )$ , lipemia (Intralipid $< 2 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , biotin $( < 8 1 . 8 \mathrm { n m o l / L }$ or $< 2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ Albumin $< 6 . 3 ~ \mathrm { g / d L } , \mathrm { I g G < 7 ~ } \mathrm { g / d L } , \mathrm { I g A < 1 . 6 ~ g / d L }$ and $\mathrm { I g } \mathrm { M } < 1 \ \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { d L }$ .

10. Method Comparison: A method comparison study was performed to compare the FT4 II assay on the cobas e 411 (Y) with the FT4 assay on the cobas e 411 (X) Immunoassay Analyzer (predicate test system).

A total of 170 human serum samples obtained from serum from commercial vendors or remnant clinical samples with fT4 values from $0 . 1 6 1 - 7 . 0 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ were measured. Out of the 170 serum samples, 11 samples were spiked with analyte and 4 samples were diluted with an FT4 free serum. The results were calculated using the Passing/Bablok and Linear Regression analysis.

Acceptance criteria for Passing/Bablok regression:   
Slope: $\begin{array} { r l } & { 1 . 0 0 \pm 0 . 0 5 } \\ & { \pm 0 . 0 4 \mathrm { n g / d L } } \\ & { \mathbf { r } { \geq } 0 . 9 5 } \end{array}$   
Intercept:   
Correlation:

Bias at medical decision points: $\pm 1 0 \%$ at $0 . 9 3 ~ \mathrm { \mathfrak { n g / d L } }$ $\pm 1 0 \%$ at 1.7 ng/dL

# 510(k) Summary, continued

Performance Studies Summary, continued

11. Calibration Stability: Calibration of an Elecsys FT4 II reagent lot is recommended every 28 days. During that time period, fresh reagent kits of the same lot can be used without calibration by using the calibration curve of the Day 0 reagent kit.

Elecsys FT4 II was calibrated with a fresh reagent kit on Day 0 using a cobas e 41 1 Immunoassay Analyzer. After 29 days, a new reagent kit of the same lot was used and recovery of samples was determined using the calibration curve of Day 0. Samples tested included five human serum (HS) samples spiked with L-Thyroxine and two controls. Each sample was tested in duplicate.

Acceptance criteria for recovery compared to day 0 value: Concentrations of $\mathrm { L o D - 0 . 3 \ n g / d L }$ $\pm 0 . 0 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ $> 0 . 3 - . 7 . 7 7 \ \mathrm { n g / d L } \mathrm { : }$ $10 0 \pm 1 0 \%$ EY

Renewed calibration is recommended as follows:

After 1 month (28 days) when using the same reagent lot. o After 7 days (when using the same reagent kit on the analyzer). As required: e.g. quality control findings outside the specified limits

12. Reagent On-Board Stability: Elecsys FT4 II reagent kits can be stored on board of the analyzers for up to 28 days and for 56 days when stored alternatively in the refrigerator and on the analyzer, with the total time on the analyzer not exceeding 120 hours. A new calibration of the kit kept on-board is recommended every 7 days.

Acceptance criteria for recovery of samples compared to day 1:

• Concentrations from LoD to $0 . 3 ~ \mathrm { \mathfrak { n g / d L } }$ : $\pm 0 . 0 5 \mathrm { n g / d L }$ EP Concentration of $> 0 . 3$ to $7 . 7 7 { \mathrm { n g / d L } }$ : $1 0 0 \pm 1 0 \%$

13. Reagent Accelerated Stability: Elecsys FT4 II reagent kits have a shelf life of $\geq 1 2$ months when stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Accelerated reagent stability to estimate real time stability for the Elecsys FT4 II assay was tested on one cobas e 411 Immunoassay Analyzer.

A kit was stored at $3 5 \%$ for 3 weeks and recovery of human samples and controls were tested compared to a fresh kit stored at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Performance Studies Summary, continued

Samples tested included five human serum (HS) samples spiked with L-Thyroxine, and two controls. Each sample was tested in two-fold determination.

Acceptance criteria for recovery of samples compared to day 0:

Concentrations from LoD to $0 . 3 ~ \mathrm { \Pi } \mathtt { p } / \mathrm { d L }$ : $\pm 0 . 0 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ Concentration of $> 0 . 3$ to $7 . 7 7 { \mathrm { n g / d L } }$ : $1 0 0 \pm 1 0 \%$

14. Reagent Real-Time Stability: In the ongoing real-time stability study, the Elecsys FT4 II assay material is stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ The stored assay reagents are tested at time point $\mathbf { T } { = } \mathbf { 0 }$ and at specified intervals over the shelf life of the device up to the planned shelf life plus one month. Testing was/will be performed using PreciControl Universal 1 and PreciControl Universal 2 (Stored at $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$

Data for the time-points at 0, 7, 10, 13, 16, 19 and 25 months tested in duplicate will be available. The average on-test recovery value will be calculated as percent recovery compared to the reference value (Assigned value for PreciControl Universal 1 and PreciControl Universal 2).

The acceptance criterion is recovery of $9 0 { - } 1 1 0 \%$ of the reference value.

Currently, the shelf life claim is 12 months based on the accelerated stability results and real-time stability data. The testing will continue with this stability protocol until data to support a claim of 24 months is achieved.

15. Reagent Stability after first opening $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathbf { C } )$ : Elecsys FT4 Ⅱ reagent kits can be used after first opening for up to 84 days (12 weeks) when stored at ${ 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } }$

Reagent stability after first opening for the Elecsys FT4 II assay was tested on one cobas e 411 Immunoassay Analyzer with one reagent lot.

A fresh kit was placed on the analyzer and calibrated. Reference values for the samples tested were determined. After measurement, the kit was 'removed from the analyzer and kept at ${ 2 . 8 } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 85 days. After 29, 57 and 85 days, the kit was placed on the analyzer again, calibrated, and the test samples were determined.

Samples tested included five human serum (HS) samples spiked with L-Thyroxine, and two controls. Each sample was tested in two-fold determination.

Performance Studies Summary, continued

Acceptance criteria for recovery of samples compared to Day 0: Concentrations of: $\leq 0 . 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ : ± 0.05 ng/dL $> 0 . 3 - 7 . 7 7 { \mathrm { n g / d L } }$ .. $10 0 \pm 1 0 \%$

Reagent stability after first opening for the Elecsys FT4 II assay was tested on one cobas e 41 1 Immunoassay Analyzer with one reagent lot. A fresh kit was placed on the analyzer and calibrated. Reference values for the samples tested were determined. After measurement, the kit was removed from the analyzer and kept at $2 . 8 \Im C$ for up to 85 days. After 29, 57 and 85 days, the kit was placed on the analyzer again, calibrated, and the test samples were determined.

Samples tested included five human serum (HS) samples spiked with LThyroxine, and two controls. Each sample was tested in two-fold determination.

Acceptance criteria for recovery of samples compared to Day 0: Concentrations of: $\leq 0 . 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ : $\pm 0 . 0 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ $> 0 . 3 - 7 . 7 7 { \mathrm { n g / d L } }$ .. $10 0 \pm 1 0 \%$

16. Reference Range Validation Study (CLSI C28-A3c): The Reference Range Validation Study was performed with 60 subjects (30 males and 30 females) with normal TSH values $( 0 . 2 7 0 - 4 . 2 0  { \mu \mathrm { \Pi } } \mathrm { { I U } } /  { \mathrm { { m L } } } )$ as measured with the Elecsys TSH assay.

Results have been checked for outliers applying the method of Dixon/Reed as described in C28-A3c 9.2. $\mathbf { \Phi } _ { \mathbf { R } } = 1 1 . 1$ , $\begin{array} { r } { \mathbf { D } = 1 / 3 ~ \mathbf { R } = 3 . 7 , } \end{array}$ 2i All 60 determinations are valid and no outliers needed to be excluded.

Acceptance criterion: No more than $6 ( 1 0 \% )$ of the 60 tested subjects should fall outside of the established reference range of 0.93-1.7 ng/dL.

The FT4 values of 2 of the 60 subjects investigated fall outside of the reference range established for the Elecsys FT4 assay. The acceptance criterion is met. The reference range of $0 . 9 3 \mathrm { - } 1 . 7 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ can be transferred to the Elecsys FT4 II assay.

# Conclusion

The data demonstrate that the performance of the Elecsys FT4 II Assay is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device, Elecsys FT4 Assay (K961489).

January 27, 2014

ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS   
EDIE EADS   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS CONSULTANT   
9115 HAGUE ROAD   
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250-0416

Re: K131244 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys FT4 II Assay, Elecsys FT4 II CalSet Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1695 Regulation Name: Free thyroxine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CEC, JIT Dated: December 13, 2013 Received: December 16, 2013

Dear Ms. Eads:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with he provisions  theFederal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device isclassiiedee aboveinto either class  (Special Controls)or classI A), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2-Ms. Eads

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contaci the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its to-free number (800) 638 2041or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97.For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the DR regulation (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): __k131244 Device Name: _Elecsys FT4 II Assay.Elecsys FT4 II CalSet

Indications for Use:

The Elecsys FT4 II Assay is for the in vitro quantitative determination of free Thyroxine in human serum and plasma. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of thyroid diseases.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Elecsys FT4 II CalSet is used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys FT4 II assay on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Prescription Use _X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health