# 510(k) Summary

510(K) Owner: Nova Biomedical Corporation Registration Number: 1219029 Address: 200 Prospect St. Waltham, MA 02454 Phone: 781-894-0800 Fax Number: 784-891-4806 Contact Person: Paul W. MacDonald Date Prepared: 21 March 2014

tary NameStat Profile Prime CS nalyzer System, Stat Profile rimeut Cartridge CCS, Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS, Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCS/CCS Comp and Linearity Standard Set A

Common or Usual Name: Blood Gas/Electrolyte/Metabolite/CO-Oximetry Analyzer

Classification Name: Multiple

Classification Names:   
Blood Gases and Blood pH system   
Sodium Test System   
Potassium Test System   
Calcium Test System   
Chloride Test System   
Glucose Test System   
Instrument, Hematocrit, Automated   
Calibrators   
Quality Control Materials

Class No. Reg. No. Class   
75CHL 862.1120 I!   
75JGS 862.1665 II   
75CEM 862.1600 II   
75JFP 862.1145 1I   
75CGZ 862.1170 II   
75CGA 862.1345   
81GKF 864.5600 II   
75JIX 862.1150 II   
75JJS 862.1660 I

Product Codes: CHL, JGS, CEM, JFP, CGZ, CGA, GKF, JIX, JJS

Predicate Device:K110648 - Nova Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Analyzer System (including controls, calibrators and Linearity Standards)

# Device Description:

The Stat Profile Prime CCs Analyzer is a small, low cost blood gas, metabolite and electrolyte analyzer for laboratory use.The sensors and flow path have been integrated into one replaceable microsensor card, which is replaced periodically according to usage.The product, consumables, installation instructions and packaging are designed for easy customer installation.

Whole blood specimens are aspirated into the analyzer's microsensor card from syringes, tubes, or capillary blood collection devices using a peristaltic pump and a sampling probe. The disposable microsensor card contains the analytical flowpath and all of the measurement sensors (pH, PCO2, PO2, Hct, Na+, $\mathsf { K } +$ Cl, iCa, and Glu (Glucose). Once the analysis measurement is complete, the whole blood specimen is automatically flushed out of the microsensor card flowpath and into a e contained wasecollection bag contained within he disposable calao cartridge.

The Stat Profile Prime CCs Analyzer will have an enhanced test menu and multiple quality coli.Both ral neal nExteal qud C hal e offe s wel board Quality Management System (QMS), an electronic monitoring approach that insures the analyzer is working properly.

As with the predicate, the Stat Profile Prime CCs Analyzer is microprocessor-based and incorporates:

• traditional sensor technology to measure blood $p 0 _ { 2 }$ ion selective electrode technology to measure pH, $p C O _ { 2 }$ , blood sodium, potassium, chloride, and ionized calcium enzyme/Amperometric technology for glucose measurements

Liquid quality control materials are available as internal auto-cartridge quality control packs and upl  ual u

Internal Calibration standards with dissolved gases are provided in sealed pouches eliminating the need for users to calibrate the blood gas electrodes using external compressed gas cylinders. The Calibration Cartridges contain aqueous solutions within individual flexible bags housed in a cardboard box and a flexible waste bag.Each bag includes a fitment with a septa that is pierced during the insertion of the cartridge into the analyzer. The Calibration Cartridge aqueous solutions allow for 2 point calibration of each parameter as follows:

Calibrator A - pH, $P C O _ { 2 }$ , Na, K, Cl, iCa, and Glu (Volume $>$ 500 mL) Calibrator B - pH, PO2, Na, K, Cl, iCa, and Glu (Volume > 250 mL) Calibrator F - $P C O _ { 2 }$ $\mathsf { P O } _ { 2 }$ (Volume $>$ 720 mL) Reference Solution - KCI (Volume $>$ 300 mL)

The external glass ampule controls contain a buffered bicarbonate solution with a known pH and known levels of Na, K, Cl, iCa, and Glu. The solutions are equilibrated with known levels of O2, CO2, and N2. Each ampule contains 1.7 ml volume.

T nteal u care consist flxile as wih  ar carn contains an aqueous quality control material for monitoring the measurement of pH, PCO2, PO2, hematocrit (Hct) Na, K, Cl, iCa, and Glucose (Glu). The aqueous quality control materials are composed of a buffered bicarbonate solution, each with a known pH and known level of Na, K, CI, iCa, and Glu. Solutions are equilibrated with known levels of O2, CO2, and N2. Each bag contains a minimum volume of 100 mL. The aqueous quality control materials are formulated at three levels:

• Control 1: Acidosis, with High Electrolyte, Low Normal Glu • Control 2: Normal pH, Low-Normal Hct, Normal Electrolyte, High Glu • Control 3: Alkalosis, High Hct, Low Electrolyte, High Abnormal Glu,

Linearity Standard Set Aconsists of ampuled buffered solutions containing Ca++, Glu, K+, and Cl-. Each ampule contains 1.8 ml volume.

The Stat Profile Analyzer accepts Lithium heparin whole blood sample from syringes, open tubes, small cups, and capillary tubes. The minimum sample size for both syringe and capillary samples analysis is 100 µL.

# Measured Parameters:

Ta o  CSnalz ,COHc $N a +$ $\mathsf { K } +$ ,CI, iCa, and Glu Note: Glucose is optional).

# Calculated Parameters:

pH, $P C O _ { 2 }$ $P Q _ { 2 }$ (corrected to patient temperature)   
√ Bicarbonate level $( H C O _ { 3 ^ { - } }$ Total Carbon Dioxide $( \mathsf { T C O } _ { 2 } )$   
$\bullet$ Base Excess of the blood (BE-b) Base Excess of extracellular fluid (BE-ecf)   
• Standard Bicarbonate Concentration (SBC) Oxygen Content $( \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } \mathsf { C } \mathsf { I } )$ Oxygen Capacity $( \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } \mathsf { C a p } )$ Alveolar Oxygen (A) Arterial Alveolar Oxygen Tension Gradient $( A a D O _ { 2 }$ Arterial Alveolar Oxygen Tension Ratio (a/A) Respiratory Index (RI) P50 EY $P O _ { 2 } / F 1 0 _ { 2 }$ ratio Oxygen Saturation $( \mathsf { S O } _ { 2 } \% )$ Hemoglobin Anion Gap Normalized Calcium, nCa

# Intended Use:

The Stat Profie Prime CCAnalyzer System  intended for in vito diagnosticuse by healt cae professionals in clinical laboratory segs or the quantitativedetermination f H, O, PO Hct, $N a +$ , $\mathsf { K } +$ ,Cl-, iCa, and Glu (Glucose), in heparinized whole blood.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2,PO2,pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood measurement of certain gases in whole blood, or pH of whole blood, is used in thediagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood measurements of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample are used todistinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in thenumber of red cells).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetesinsipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison&#x27;s disease, dehydration, or diseases involvingelectrolyte imbalance.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Measurement is used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment ofdisease conditions characterized by low or high potassium levels.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolicdisorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, avariety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions orspasms).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolismdisturbances including diabetes melltus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia,and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.</td></tr></table>

Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge CCS is a quality control material intended for in vitro Prime CCS Analyzer.

Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.

Sa $P C O _ { 2 }$ $P O _ { 2 }$ , Hct, C,iCa and Glucousing he Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzr.

Linearity Standard Set A is intended for in vitro diagnostic use with Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzers to verify calibration, analytical linearity, estimate test imprecision, and detect systematic analytical deviations that may arise from calibrator cartridge or analytical instrument variation.

# Summary of the Technological Characteristics:

The Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared for market Nova Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Analyzer System in intended use. It uses the same sensor technology and measurement algorithms, and the formulations of the internal and external controls and the calibration cartridge are the same for the tested parameters.The Linearity Standard Set A for use with the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer is identical to those cleared for use with the predicate Nova Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Analyzer System.

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Predicate: K110648 Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Analyzer The STP pHOx Ultra Analyzer without</td><td colspan="2">Proposed: Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Indication For Use</td><td colspan="2">The Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System is intended for in vitro diagnost CO-Oximeter is intended for in vitro use by health care professionals in clinical laboratory settings for the diagnostic use by health care quantitative determination of pH, PCO2, PO2, Hct, Na+, K+, Cl-, iCa, and Glu professionals and/or point-of-care usage (Glucose), in heparinized whole blood. in the quantitative determination of pH, PCO2, PO2, SO2%, Hematocrit (Hct), PCO2, Whole blood measurement of blood gases is used in the diagnosis Hemoglobin (Hb) in heparinized whole</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="7">(Glu), Lactate (Lac), BUN (Urea), and blood, serum, or plasma.</td><td>PO2, blood; Na, K*, Cr, Ca**, Mg**, Glucose pH Creatinine (Creat) in heparinized whole Hct</td><td>and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances in critically il patients with numerous metabolic and pulmonary diseases. Whole blood measurements of hematocrit are used to estimate that</td></tr><tr><td>Na+</td><td>red blood cells are present in sufficient quantity to carry oxygen and carbon dioxide. Sodium measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of</td></tr><tr><td>K+</td><td>aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison&#x27;s disease, dehydration, or diseases involving electrolyte imbalance. Potassium Measurement is used to monitor electrolyte balance in the</td></tr><tr><td>CI-</td><td>diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low high potassium levels. Chloride measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of</td></tr><tr><td>iCa</td><td>electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabet acidosis. lonized Calcium measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatmen</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>of hypertension, renal disease, and vitamin D related disorders. Also useful in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with increased total protein and/or albumin levels, as in dehydration.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Glu Glucose measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbances including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.</td></tr><tr><td>Acceptable Samples</td><td>Sodium or lithium heparinized whole</td><td colspan="2">Lithium heparinized whole blood from syringes, open tubes, small cups, and</td></tr></table>

6 jo gabo

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: K110648 Stat Profile pHOxUltra Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed: Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blood, serum, or plasma samples fromsyringes, open tubes, small cups, andcapillary tubes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>capillary tubes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volumes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100μL (syringe and capillary)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100μL (syringe and capillary)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500-8.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 -200 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-800 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-765 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12%-70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80-200 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0-20.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-200 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa(Ca*)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10-2.70 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20-2.70 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principles ofMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrogen ion-selective sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Severinghaus-type sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polarographic Clark-type sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Impedance sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium ion-selective sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium ion-selective sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride ion-selective sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa (Ca*)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium ion-selective sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

6 go g abod

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: K110648 Stat Profile pHOxUltra Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed: Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Oxidase Enzymatic sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Touch Screen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1&quot; LCD, 1024x768 pixel, ResistiveTouch</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7&quot; VGA full color display with LED backlight and integrated touch panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully configurable test menu based onabove sensors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bar Code Scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External (optional) 1D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Integrated 1D/2D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Printer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2&quot; Roll, Thermal Transfer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pump</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peristaltic Pump w/ Pressure Plate, TPETubing (Pharmed BPT)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analog Board</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision low level analog front end w/amperometric and potentiometricamplifiers, air detector circuitry andtemperature control circuitry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: K110648 Stat Profile pHOx Ultra CalibratorCartridge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed: Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridgeccs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication For Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The intended use of the Nova STP pHOx Ultra CalibratorCartridge is for the quantitative determination of pH, PCO, PO2,S2%, Hematocrit (Hct), Hemoglobin (Hb) in heparinized wholeblood; Na+, K+, Cl- Ca++, Mg++, Glucose (Glu), Lactate (Lac),BUN (Urea), and Creatinine (Creat) in heparinized whole blood,serum, or plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCS isintended for the calibration of pH, PCO2, PO2, Hct,Na&quot;, K&quot;, Cl, iCa, and Glucose using the Stat ProfilePrime CCS Analyzer.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 level calibration standards per analyte, and reference solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid in Mylar bags inside cardboard container. Includes a wastecollection bag. Self-contained, disposable packaging.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: K110648 Stat Profile pHOx Ultra/CCX ABG andCO-Oximeter Controls      i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed: Stat Profile Prime Ampuled ControlABG/CCS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication For Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nova STP pHOx Ultra/CCX ABG and CO-Oximeter Controls andAutocartridge QC are intended for in vitro diagnostic use byhealthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of NovaSTP pHOx Ultra/CCX Analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS isa quality control material intended for in vitrodiagnostic use by healthcare professionals formonitoring the performance of Stat Profile Prime CCsAnalyzer.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 level aqueous electrolyte, metabolite and gas solutions.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampules: Each glass ampule contains 1.7 ml volume.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ristlc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: K110648 Stat Profile pHOx Ultra LinearityStandards</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed: Linearity Standard Set A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use with NOVA, Stat Profile/Ultra, StatProfile pHOx Plus/L/C/M, Stat Profile pHOxUltra, Stat Profile Prime CCS, and Stat Profile CCX Analyzers toverify calibration, analytical linearity,estimate test imprecision, and detect systematic analyticaldeviations that may arise from calibratorcartridge or analytical instrument variation.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Linearity Standard Set A is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use with Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzersto verify calibration, analytical linearity, estimate testimprecision, and detect systematic analyticaldeviations that may arise from calibrator cartridge oranalytical instrument variation.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 level aqueous solutions in glass ampules. Contain electrolyte,metabolite and gas solutions.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>J</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampules: Each glass ampule contains 1.8 ml volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>cerrejcc</td><td>ii Jod oe</td><td>conenbiio</td><td>Beebekn</td></tr></table>

6 jo 8 abod

# Summary of Performance Testing:

Bench testing was completed to demonstrate that the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer is substantially equivalent in performance, safety and efficacy to the Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Analyzer System.

The bench testing included:

Method Comparison Studies √ Precision/Reproducibility Studies Run to Run Precision Within Run Precision Linearity Testing Specificity / Interference Testing Detection Limit

The results of the testing confirmed that the performance of the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System is substantially equivalent to that of the Nova Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Analyzer System (predicate device).

Conclusion:

The results of software validation and performance verification testing confirmed that the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer is safe and effective for its intended purpose and that the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System is substantially equivalent to that of the Nova Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Analyzer System K110648 (predicate device).

March 25, 2014

NOVA BIOMEDICAL CORPORATION   
PAUL MACDONALD   
CHIEF OFFICER, QA & REG. AFFAIRS   
200 PROSPECT ST   
WALTHAM MA 02454

Re: K131703

Trade/Device Name: Nova Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System, Stat Profile rime   
Auto QC Cartridge CCS, Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS, Stat Profile Prim   
Ampuled Control ABG/CCS, Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCS/CCS Comp,   
Nova Linearity Standard Set A   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1 120   
Regulation Name: Blood gases (PCO2, PO2) and blood pH test system   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: CHL, JGS, CEM, JFP, CGZ, CGA, GKF, JIX, JJS   
Dated: February 19, 2014   
Received: February 20, 2014

Dear Mr. MacDonald:

We have reviewed your Section $\mathfrak { s l o } ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ) (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements

Page 2-Mr. MacDonald

as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820): and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If yu deie speciic advice or your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourccsforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Device Name

# ABG/CCS, Stat Profile Prime Callbrator Cartridge CCS/CCS Comp and Lnearity Standard Set A

Indications for Use (Describe)

H C heparinized whole blood.

PCO2, POZ, pH: Wholebloodmeasurement  certan gases in whole blood,or pH of whole blood is use in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.

Hct: Whole blood measurements of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells).

Na+:Sodi easurements used in thediagnosisandtreatment aldosteronism,diabetesinsipidus eal hypertension, Addison's disease, dehydration, or diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

KPotassum Measurement is used tomonitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and reatment o disease conditions characterized by low or high potassium levels.

CChloimeamen  us in hedagnos ntreatmentlectroy nmetaboisorr uc cystic fibrosis and dlabetic acidosis.

a:Calcimeauments ese in hedignosis n reatment  parathyrod diseasvary e diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).

Glu: Glucose measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbances Incudingdiabetes melitus,neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathichypoglycemia, and f pancreatic ise ell carcinoma.

The u lv healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.

Te /l healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.

<table><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known)</td></tr><tr><td>K131703</td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td></tr><tr><td> u ABG/CCs, Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartrldge CCs/CCS Comp and Linearity Standard Set A</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

and Glucose using the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.

cartridge or analytical instrument variation.

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden tmeor this collection infomation isestmated toaverage7hours per response,ncludie time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection o information.Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect o this information colection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services   
Food and Drug Administration Office   
of Chief Information Officer Paperwork   
Reduction Act (PRA) Staff   
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."