# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k)-safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21 CFR Part 807.92.

Date: _11/25/2013_

# 1. Applicant / Submitter:

Infopia Co., Ltd 891, Hogye-Dong. Dongan-Gu, Anyang, Kyunggi, Republic of Korea 431-080

Phone $+ 8 2$ 31 460 0300   
Fax $+ { \pmb 8 } 2$ 31 460 0401

# 2. Submission Correspondent:

Priscilla Chung   
LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.   
1515 E Katella Ave Unit 2115.   
Anaheim, CA 92805   
Phone: 714-202-5789 Fax: 714-409-3357 Email: info@lkconsultinggroup.com

DEC 0 5 2013

# 3. Device:

Device's Trade Name:

GluNEO™ Lite Glucose Monitoring System GluNEO Lite Professional Glucose Monitoring System

Device's Common Name:

Blood Glucose Test System Quality control material (assayed and unassayed)

Device's Classification Name:

Glucose Dehydrogenase   
Single (specified) analyte controls   
Calculator/data processing module for clinical   
use

Classification Regulation:

21CFR 862.1345   
21CFR 862.1660

Classification Product Code:

LFR, NBW, JJX

# 4. Predicate Device:

GluNEOTM / GluNEOTM Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K130181) by Infopia Co., Ltd.

# 5. Description:

The GluNEO™ Lite / GluNEO™ Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of a meter, test strips and control solutions (level 1, level 2 and level 3). a lancing device and sterile lancets. With the GluNEOLite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System, only auto-disabling or single use lancing device must be used.

This blood glucose test system is an in vitro diagnostic device designed for measuring the concentration of glucose in whole blood sample by means of an electrical current produced in the test strip and sent to the meter for measurement.

# 6. Indications for use:

# GluNEOTM Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System

The GluNEOTm Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertips, ventral palm. dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm. calf and thigh. The GluNEO™m Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared.

The GluNEOTM Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. It should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The GluNEO™m Lite Test Strips are for use with the GluNEOTM Lite Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capiliary whole blood. Fresh capillary whole blood samples may be drawn from the fingertips, ventral palm, dorsal hand. upper arm. forearm. calf and thigh.

The GluNEOTM Lite Control Solutions are for use with the GluNEOTM Lite Meter and GluNEOtm Lite Test Strips to check that the meter and test strips are working together properly and the test is performing correctly.

# GluNEOTM Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System

The GluNEOTM Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in capillary whole blood from the fingertips. ventral palm, dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm. calf and thigh and in venous whole blood. The GluNEO™ Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control program. This system should only be used with auto-disabling. single-use lancing devices. The GluNEOTm Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady — state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The GluNEOTM Lite Professional Test Strips are for use with the GluNEOTM Lite Professional Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in venous whole blood samples and fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, ventral palm, dorsal hand. upper arm, forearm, calf and/or thigh.

The GluNEOTM Lite Professional Conitrol Solutions are for use with the GluNEOTM Lite Professional Meter and GluNEOtm Lite Professional Test Strips to check that the meter and test strips are working together properly and that the test is performing correctly.

# 7. Technological Characteristics:

The GluNEO™ Lite / GluNEO™ Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System has the same fundamental scientific technology as the predicate device and has similar performance specifications and features.

# 8. Performance Data:

The performance tests for the GluNEO™M Lite / GluNEO™ Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System were performed in accordance with ISO 15197:2003 and some other international standards. Clinical evaluation included method comparison, matrix comparison. user performance and alternative-site blood glucose measurement. Non-clinical performance evaluations were conducted to establish the performance, functionality and reliability characteristics of the GluNEO™ Lite / GluNEO™ Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The device passed all of the tests based on pre-determined Pass/Fail criteria.

Disinfectant CaviWipes with the EPA registration number of 46781-8 has been validated demonstrating complete inactivation of live virus of use with the meter and the reusable lancing device. There was also no change in performance or in the external materials of the meter and the lancing device after 10,980 cleaning/disinfection cycles designed to simulate 3 years of device use.

# 9. Conclusions:

Infopia Co., Ltd. concludes that the GluNEO Lite / GluNEO Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System is safe and effective and also substantially equivalent to the predicate device. GluNEO Lite / GluNEO Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K130181) by Infopia Co., Ltd.

# December 5, 2013

INFOPIA CO., LTD C/O PRISCILLA CHUNG 1515 E KATELLA AVE UNIT 2115 ANAHEIM CA 92805

Re: K132966 Trade/Device Name: GluNEO Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System Gluneo Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: 11 Product Code: NBW, LFR, JX Dated: September 13, 2013 Received: September 20, 2013

Dear Ms. Chung:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intemet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor You/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.9).For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the DR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its lnternet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.Ihtm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k132966

Device Name GluNEO™ Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Indications for Use (Describe)

The GluNEOrm Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertips, ventral palm, dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm, calf and thigh. The GluNEOrm Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared.

The GluNEO™ Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. it should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Altemative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The GluNEOrm Lite Test Strips are for use with the GluNEOTm Lite Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. Fresh capillary whole blood samples may be drawn from the fingertips, ventral palm, dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm, calf and thigh.

The GluNEO™m Lite Control Solutions are for use with the GluNEO™M Lite Meter and GluNEOT Lite Test Strips to check that the meter and test strips are working together properly and the test is performing correctly.

510(k) Number (if known) k132966

Device Name Device Name: GluNEOTm Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Indications for Use (Describe)

The GluNEOTm Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in capillary whole blood from the fingertips, ventral palm, dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm, calf and thigh and in venous whole blood. The GluNEOrm Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effetiveness of diabetes control program. This system should only be used with autodisabling, singleus lancing devices. The GluNEOrm Lite Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alterative sit testing should be done only during steady  state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The GluNEO™m Lite Professional Test Strips are for use with the GluNEO™m Lite Professional Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in venous whole blood samples and fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, ventral palm, dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm, calf and/or thigh.

The GluNEOT Lite Professional Control Solutions are for use with the GluNEO™ Lite Professional Meter and GluNEOrm Lite Professional Test Strips to check that the meter and test strips are working together properly and that the test is performing correctly.

PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

# Stayce Beck