SEP 0 5 2013

Mari Meyer   
Director, Regulatory Affairs   
DiaSorin Inc.   
1951 Northwestern Avenue   
P.O. Box 285   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285   
Phone (651) 439-9710   
Fax (651) 351-5669   
Email: mari.meyer@diasorin.com

DATE PREPARED:

August 28, 2013

PURPOSE OF SUBMISSION:

New Device

NAME OF DEVICE:

Trade Name:

LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D Control Set LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D Calibration Verifiers

Common Names/Descriptions: Vitamin D

Classification Names:

Vitamin D Test System: Class II 21 CFR 862.1825; Clinical Chemistry (75) Quality Control Material: Class I, reserved 21 CFR 862.1660; Clinical Chemistry (75)

Product Code:

MRG, JJX

# PREDICATE DEVICE:

LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D TOTAL   
K112725   
LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D Control   
K112725   
LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D Calibration   
Verifier K090104

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

The LIAISO® 5 TOTAL-consists f ne ReagentIntergral with calirators, ic consists of:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnetic Particles(2.4 mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnetic particles coated with goat antibody against 25OH Vitamin D, protein, phosphate buffer, &lt; 0.1% sodiumazide.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Buffer(28.0 mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffer with 7.5% ethanol, surfactants and 0.2% ProClin®as a preservative.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate4.5 mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 OH Vitamin D conjugated to an isoluminol derivative,in phosphate buffer with10% ethanol, EDTA and 0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">benzoic acid as a preservative.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator 1(1.2 mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum, BSA, &lt;0.1% sodium azide and 25 OHVitamin D. The calibrator concentrations (ng/mL) arereferenced to standard preparations containing highlypurified 25 OH Vitamin D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator 2(1.2 mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum, BSA, &lt;0.1% sodium azide and 25 OHVitamin D. The calibrator concentrations (ng/mL) arereferenced to standard preparations containing highlypurified 25 OH Vitamin D.</td></tr></table>

ProClin® 300 is a registered trademark of Rohm and Haas Co.

The LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D control consists of 2 levels of human serum, BSA, $< 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide and 25 OH Vitamin D.

The LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D calibration verifier consists of.4 levels of human serum BSA, $< 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide and 25 OH Vitamin D.

# INTENDED USE:

The LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay is a chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) intended for the quantitative determination of 25-hydroxyvitamin D and other hydroxylated vitamin D metabolites in human serum, EDTA and Lithium heparin plasma. The LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay is to be used as an aid in the assessment of vitamin D sufficiency in adults. The DiaSorin LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D is intended to be used on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer.

The DiaSorin LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D Control Set is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the accuracy and precision of the DiaSorin LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay.

The DiaSorin LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D Calibration Verifiers are assayed quality control materials intended for use in the quantitative verification of calibration and reportable range of the LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay when performed on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer.

# TEST PRINCIPLE:

The DiaSorin LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay is a direct competitive chemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA) for quantitative determination of 25 OH vitamin D in human serum or plasma.During the first incubation, 25 OH vitamin D is dissociated from its binding protein and binds to the specific antibody on the solid phases. After 10 minutes the tracer, (vitamin D linked to an isoluminol derivative) is added. After a second 10 minute incubation, the unbound material is removed with a wash cycle. Subsequently, the starter reagents are added to initiate a flash chemiluminescent reaction. The light signal is measured by a photomultiplier as relative light units (RLU) and is inversely proportional to the concentration of 25 OH vitamin D present in calibrators, controls, or samples.

The DiaSorin LIAISON 25 TOTAL-D assay is substantially equivalent in principle and performance to the LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D TOTAL assay (K112725) which was FDA cleared January 20, 2012.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 1: Summary of Device Similarities - LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceLIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceLIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin DTOTAL assay (K112725)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In-vitro assay for thequantitative determinationof 25-hydroxyvitamin D andother hydroxylated vitaminD metabolites.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In-vitro assay for thequantitative determination of25-hydroxyvitamin D andother hydroxylated vitamin Dmetabolites.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">To be used as an aid in theassessment of vitamin Dsufficiency in adults.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-hydroxyvitamin D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ChemiluminescentImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CompetitivechemiluminescentImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid Support</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paramagnetic particlescoated with goat antibodyagainst 25 OH Vitamin D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent IntegralStorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board or inrefrigerator@ 2-8°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample.Handling/Processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unit of Measure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-point calibratorverification of stored mastercurve.Included with the kit.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4- 150 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 OH Vitamin Dconjugated to an isoluminolderivative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open storage2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 weeks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 2 : Summary of Device Differences - LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceLIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceLIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin DTOTAL assay (k112725)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum, EDTA andLi heparin plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 uL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum with BSAand, sodium azide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum with buffersalts and sodium azide.</td></tr></table>

S AISTOTALC  l al performance to the LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D TOTAL Control (K112725) which was FDA cleared January 20, 2012.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 3: Summary of Device Similairites and Difference LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D Control Set</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-DControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin DTOTAL Control (K112725)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for use asassayed quality controlsamples to monitor theaccuracy and precision ofthe assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2-8°C until readyto use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with BSAand, sodium azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with buffersalts and sodium azide.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels: low and high</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

The DiaSorin LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D Calibration Verifiers are substantially equivalent in principle and performance to the LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D TOTAL Calibration Verifiers (K090104) which were FDA cleared September 9, 2009.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 4: Summary of Device Similarities and Differences LIAISON® 25TOTAL-D Calibration Verifiers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-DCalibration Verifiers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin DTOTAL CalibrationVerifiers (K090104)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assayed quality controlmaterials for in vitrodiagnostic use in thequantification verification ofcalibration and reportablerange of the DiaSorinLIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin DTOTAL Assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with BSAand, sodium azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with buffersalts and sodium azide.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Four</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mLs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE DATA:

# Method Comparison:

A method comparison study was performed on 403 serum samples following CLSI EPgTe mpe we esi ilicat  oh  LIAISON® TALand the predicate device. Testing for the LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay and the predicate assay was performed at DiaSorin according to the respective Instructions for Use. All specimens were stored at $\tt { - } 2 0 \%$ or below until tested.

Samples tested in the method comparison included de-identified residual serum samples spanning the assay range which were obtained from a sample procurement organization. The samples are excess samples drawn from non-selected U.S. and/or European patients with sufficient volume to perform all testing required. Twenty-three (23) of the 403 samples were spiked or diluted samples in order to achieve sample values that reach the upper and/or lower limits of the assay range.

Three hundred ninety-one (391) of the 403 samples tested were analyzed. Twelve (12) samples read below the measuring range of the LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay $( < 4 . 0$ $\cdot n g / m L )$ and therefore were not included in the analysis. Individual 25 OH Vitamin D results were plotted. Passing and Bablok regression analyses were performed for all samples across the measuring range of the assays.

# Results

Th range of the results observed with the LIAISON® 25 TOTAL- assay ranged from 4.18 - 135 ng/mL. Passing & Bablok regression analysis was applied to these samples and is summarized in the following table.

Table 5: Method Comparison Passing & Bablok Regression Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95%CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99(0.97-1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.22(-0.51-0.08)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td></tr></table>

# Matrix comparison:

Serum, SST Serum, Lithium Heparin, EDTA Plasma Sixty four (64) matched patient sets of serum, SST serum, lithium heparin plasma and EDTA plasma samples spanning the measuring range of the assay (4.0-139.3 ng/mL) were tested to determine if serum, SST serum, lithium heparin plasma and EDTA plasma samples provide equivalent results on the LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay.

# Results

A Passing-Bablok method comparison was used for analysis comparing each sample type separately to the corresponding serum samples, with the specification of a 0.90 to 1.10 slope to serum considered acceptable.

# SST Serum Compared to Serum

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1694</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to 1.1652</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9942</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9785</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to 1.0113</td></tr></table>

# EDTA Plasma Compared to Serum

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.5785</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.1028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to -0.0976</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0092</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9916</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to 1.0253</td></tr></table>

Lithium Heparin Plasma Compared to Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.5554</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to 0.4683</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9869</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to 1.0180</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

The study shows equivalent testing results from SST serum, EDTA plasma or lithium heparin plasma to serum.

# Reference Range/Expected Values:

A reference range study was performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline C28-A2. Participant enrollment took place at four sites in the contiguous US, representing a wide distribution of sun strength: northern, southern, and central US. The collection was conducted on adults (ages 21 - 90 years) in summer and winter, including light and

dark skin individuals, and males and females. Three hundred and ninety five (395) samples met the inclusion/exclusion criteria and were tested with the LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D Assay.

The determination of apparently healthy for this study was based on the following definition:

Normal serum levels of: 0 Total calcium 0 Intact parathyroid hormone (PTH) 0 Thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) No personal history of kidney, gastrointestinal or liver disease No personal history of parathyroid, thyroid, or chronic disease (defined by severity of condition which is linked to treatment and frequency as stated on subject's CRF) No personal history of seizures   
$\bullet$ No bariatric surgery No family history of parathyroid or calcium regulatory disease

Other criteria were: at least $50 \%$ of subjects NOT taking ANY Vitamin D supplementation, and of the less than $50 \%$ of subject taking Vitamin D supplementation, level of supplementation must be $\yen 2000$ IU/day. Subjects were not currently taking any medications known to affect absorption (drugs that inhibit cholesterol absorption) or increase catabolism, such as anticonvulsants, glucocorticoids, HAART (AIDS treatment) and anti-rejection medications

1. Current use of dietary or alternative therapies containing high concentrations of Vitamin D (e.g. adults ≥ 2,000 IU / day)   
2. More than $50 \%$ of subjects are taking Vitamin D supplementation   
3. Family history of parathyroid or calcium regulatory disease   
Personal history of the following diseases: kidney, gastrointestinal, liver, thyroid, or parathyroid   
Personal history of seizures   
6. Bariatric surgery   
7. Pregnancy or lactation

The Instructions for Use contain the following table and statement:

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Observed Reference Ranges</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Population (395)</td><td>Median 25 OH Vitamin D</td><td>Central 95% Interval</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>United States</td><td>22.9 ng/mL</td><td>8.8 ng/mL - 54.2 ng/mL</td><td></td></tr></table>

Consider these limits as guidelines only. It is important for each laboratory to establish its own reference range, representative of its typical population.

# Reproducibility/Precision:

A twenty day reproducibility/precision study was performed at DiaSorin Inc consisting of a coded panel comprised of 6 frozen serum samples. The coded panel contained samples for each level of low, medium and high 25 OH Vitamin D medical decision concentrations. The LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D controls (2 levels) were also tested in the study. The CLSI document EP5-A2 was followed in the preparation of the testing protocol.

The precision panel samples and kit controls were tested on the LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay on 1 Reagent Integral lot at one site in two replicates per run, 2 runs per day for 20 operating days on 1 analyzer for a total of 80 replicate results per sample.

The mean, standard deviation, and coefficient of variation $( \% C V )$ of the results were computed for each of the tested specimens.

# Results

The 20 day results obtained at DiaSorin Inc. are summarized in Table 5 as sample overall mean 25 OH Vitamin D concentration in ng/mL, computed SDs and $\% C V s$ for within run and total within lot.

Table 7: DiaSorin Inc. - 20 day Reproducibility/Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>meanconc(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr></table>

# Dilution Linearity:

A linearity study was performed using samples slightly above the upper measuring limit of the LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D Assay, following CLSI EP6-A. Separate serum, SST (serum separator tubes), EDTA plasma and lithium heparin plasma pools that met this criterion were diluted with the assay's Specimen Diluent to yield multiple dilutions with Vitamin D levels spanning the assay's full measuring range of 4 - 150 ng/mL. Each dilution was analyzed in replicates of 4 with one lot of the modified Vitamin D Assay on one LIAISON® XL Analyzer.

Expected concentrations for the dilutions were determined by (Vitamin D value of high pool) $\pmb { x }$ (dilution factor).

# Results

The results for each sample were analyzed by linear regression (slope and, intercept) of observed 25 OH D concentrations versus expected 25 OH D concentrations in ng/mL.

The resulting equation for each sample type is: Serum: y (observed) $\mid = 1 . 0 2 5 \times$ (expected) - 0.6094 SST serum: y (observed) $\mathbf { \Psi } _ { | } = 1 . 0 0 6 4 x$ (expected) - 0.3887 EDTA plasma: y (observed $) = 1 . 0 0 9 2 \times$ (expected) - 0.4958 Lithium heparin plasma: y (observed) $= 1 . 0 4 2 1 \times$ (expected) - 0.8295

A polynomial regression fit of the serum data yielded statistically insignificant second and third order terms. These results support the claimed measuring range of 4 to 150 ng/mL.

# LoB/LoD/LoQ:

The study was performed based upon CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline June 2012- Second Edition.

For LoB, 6 blank sample aliquots were tested in the LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay on two analyzers, with two reagent lots and two technicians over six runs over three days yielding 60 concentration results.

For LoD, four (4) samples in the range of the mean LoB to 4 times the mean LoB were tested with the LIAISON® TOTAL-D on one LIAISON® XL Analyzer with two reat lots and two technicians over six runs and three days (2replicates/sample/run) yielding a minimum of 96 concentration results.

For LoQ, eight (8) samples (4 of which were used in the LoD determination) in the range of approximately 1.5 ng/mL to approximately 5.3 ng/mL were tested in the LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay on two LIAISON® XL Analyzer with two reagent lots and two technicians over six runs and three days (2 replicates/sample/run), yielding 192 concentration results to define LoQ. To verify the LoQ, the same 8 samples were run on 1 LIAiSON® XL Analyzer with a third reagent lot and two technicians over four runs (3 replicates/sample/run) yielding 96 concentration results to verify LoQ.

The limits are reported in the following table:

Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 2.03 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.91 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# Recovery:

Testing was performed to determine trueness or percent recovery on the LIAlSON® 25 TOTAL-D. Five (5) high concentration serum samples (spiked or endogenous) and five (5) low concentration serum samples were analyzed on the LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay.

Recovery samples were then prepared by mixing defined ratios of the high and low samples and analyzing these in the LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay. The obtained results were determined through calculation of $\%$ recovery for each dilution point:

% Recovery $=$ (Observed conc. / Expected conc.)\* 100

Expected conc. $=$ conc. of High sample $x \%$ ratio used $\pmb { + }$ Low sample $X \%$ ratio used

Each neat serum along with each blend was analyzed. The observed values were then compared to the expected values, based on the neat serum concentrations to determine the $\%$ recovery. The mean recovery is $96 \%$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DefinedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expectedng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observedng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum High Sample 1 (HS1)2 HS1 : 1LS11 HS1 : 1LS11 HS1 : 2LS1Serum Low Sample 1 (LS1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.09.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.557.241.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.354.538.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%95%93%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum High Sample 2 (HS2)2 HS2 : 1LS21 HS2 : 1LS21 HS2 : 2LS2Serum Low Sample 2 (LS2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.510.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.553.138.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.449.035.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%92%93%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum High Sample 3 (HS3)2 HS3 : 1LS31 HS3 : 1LS31 HS3 : 2LS3Serum Low Sample 3 (LS3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.09.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.855.339.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.752.437.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%95%94%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum High Sample 4 (HS4)2 HS4 : 1LS41 HS4 : 1LS41 HS4 : 2LS4Serum Low Sample 4 (LS4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.515.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.437.129.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.736.429.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%98%98%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum High Sample 5 (HS5)2 HS5 : 1LS51 HS5 : 1LS51 HS5 : 2LS5Serum Low Sample 5 (LS5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.912.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.234.727.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.233.926.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%98%99%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Recovery</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances:

Vitamin D samples containing concentrations of 30 ng/mL and 60 ng/mL were spiked with hemoglobin, triglycerides, cholesterol, and bilirubin, uric acid, albumin,IgG, biotin, ascorbic acid, metoprolol, propanolol hydrochloride, furosemide, hydrochlorothiazide, paricalcital and doxercalciferol. Replicate samples $n = 6$ for each test and control sample) were tested and results were compared to control samples without the potentially interfering substances added. The highest concentrations at which no interference, or minimal interference (defined by the sponsor as ≤ $10 \%$ bias relative to the control) are shown below. The testing was based on CLSI EP7-A2.

Specimens That Are   
Hemolyzed   
Lipemic   
Icteric   
Icteric

Demonstrate $< 1 0 \%$ change in Results Up To   
200 mg/dL of hemoglobin   
638 mg/dL of triglycerides   
40 mg/dL of conjugated bilirubin   
40 mg/dL of unconjugated bilirubin

# Specimens That Contain

Demonstrate $\leq 1 0 \%$ change in Results Up To 350 mg/dL

Cholesterol   
Uric acid   
Total Protein   
Biotin   
Ascorbic Acid   
Metoprolol   
Propanolol hydrochloride   
Furosemide   
Hydrochlorothiazide   
Paricalcital   
Doxercalciferol

20 mg/dL   
12 g/dL   
0.1 mg/dL   
6 mg/dL   
1.2 mg/dL   
0.23 mg/dL   
6 mg/dL   
0.6 mg/dL   
0.012 μg/mL   
0.012 ug/mL

# Cross-reactivity:

Cross-reactivity studies were performed as described in CLSI EP7-A2 using three serum pools at 25 OH D concentration levels of 15 ng/mL, 50 ng/mL, and 75 ng/mL. Data on the cross-reactivity of the antiserum used in this assay were obtained by spiking up to 100 ng/mL of the potential cross-reactant and assaying. The crossreactivity of each compound, normalized to 25 OH Vitamin $\mathsf { D } _ { 3 }$ is listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Steroid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Crossreactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25OH Vitamin D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 OH Vitamin D2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,25 (OH)2 Vitamin D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,25 (OH)2 Vitamin D2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-epi-25 OH Vitamin D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr></table>

# Stability:

Shelf life stability studies were performed with controls and calibration verifiers and demonstrated that they are stable until the expiration date shown on the product labeling when stored as instructed. Controls and calibration verifiers are stable until the expiration date printed on the label when stored as directed. Once opened, controls and calibration verifiers are stable for 4 weeks when properly stored at $2 . 8 \%$ between uses. Calibration curve stability and reagent open vial stability were performed and demonstrated that the calibration curve is stable for 7 days and open reagent vials are stable for 4 weeks when stored on board or at $2 . 8 \%$ .

# Traceability

The LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D Calibrators, Controls and Calibration Verifiers are traceable to UV spectrophotometric analysis of an in-house standard preparation. The standard material used is a commercially available 25-Hydroxyvitamin D. The stock solution of 25 OH Vitamin D is then used to make calibrators by diluting into human serum.

# Value assignment:

Concentrations of calibrators controls and calibration verifiers are assigned through an internal procedure. Master calibrators are prepared from a stock solution made from reference material whose concentration is determined spectrophotometrically. The master calibrators are then used to assign values to the kit calibrators, controls and calibration verifiers using a minimum of 3 LIAISON XL analyzers with at least 2 reagent lots. Each lot of controls and calibration verifiers are tested over several runs and the mean results are used to determine the target values.

25 TOTAL-D Calibrators Level $1 = 3 . 2 - 4 . 8 \ n g / \mathrm { m L }$ Level $\mathrm { 2 = 7 0 . 0 - 8 0 . 0 \ n g / m L }$

25 TOTAL-D Controls have the following target ranges:   
Level $1 = 1 2 . 0 - 1 8 . 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$   
Level $2 { = } 4 0 . 0 - 6 0 . 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ EPY   
25 TOTAL-D Calibration Verifiers have the following target ranges:   
Level $1 = 8 . 5 - 1 1 . 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ EY   
Level $\mathrm { 2 } { = } 2 7 . 0 \mathrm { - } 3 3 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$   
Level $\mathsf { 3 } \mathrm { = } 5 9 . 0 \mathrm { ~ - } 7 1 . 0 \mathsf { n g / m L }$ EY   
Level $4 = 1 0 8 - 1 2 2 \ n g / m L$ EY

# CONCLUSION:

The material submitted in this premarket notification is complete and supports the basis for substantial equivalence o the LIAISON® 5 OH Vitamin  TOTAL assay (K112.

# September 5, 2013

DiaSorin Inc.   
C/O Mari Meyer   
P. O. Box 285   
1951 Northwestern Avenuc   
STILLWATER MN 55082-0285

Re: k132492 Trade Name: LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D LIAISON $\otimes$ 25 TOTAL-D Control Set LIAISON $\otimes$ 25 TOTAL-D Calibration Verifiers Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 8 2 5$ EY Regulation Name: Vitamin D Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: MRG, JJX Dated: July 29, 2013 Received: August 9, 2013

Dear Ms. Meyer:

We have reviewed your Section ${ \mathfrak { s l } } 0 ( { \mathbf k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements or annual registration, listing o devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21. Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a deternination that your device comnplies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administcred by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Par1 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical devicc-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as sel forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Scctions 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire speciic advice for your device on our labcling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 ), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOfliccs/CDRH/CDRHOMices/ucm1l15809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please noe the regulation entiled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notication" (21CFR Par 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safcty/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarkel Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.hum.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): k132492

# Device Name:

LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D, LIAISON 25 TOTAL- ConTOl Set and LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D Calibration Verifiers

The LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay is a chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) intended for the quantitative determination of 25-hydroxyvitamin D and other hydroxylated vitamin D metabolites in human serum, EDTA and Lithium heparin plasma. The LIAISON® 5 TOTAL- assay is t be used as an aid in the assessment of vitamin D sufficiency in adults. The DiaSorin LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D is intended to be used on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer.

The DiaSorin LIAISON 25 TOTAL-D Control Set is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the accuracy and precision of the DiaSorin LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay.

The DiaSorin LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D Calibration Verifiers are assayed quality control materials intended for use in the quantitative verification of calibration and reportable range of the LIAISON® 25 TOTAL-D assay when performed on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer.

And/Or

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Yung W. Chan -S