# 510(k) Summary for the Elecsys Calcitonin test system

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

Submitter Name, Address, Contact

Roche Diagnostics   
9115 Hague Road   
P.O. Box 50416   
Indianapolis, IN 46250-0415

Contact Person: Kelli Turner (Regulatory Affairs Principal)

Phone: (317) 521-4515 Fax: (317) 521-2324 Email: kelli.turner@roche.com

Date Prepared: November 25, 2013

# Device Name

# Proprietary name:

(1) Elecsys Calcitonin Immunoassay Elecsys Calcitonin CalSet () Elecsys Calcitonin CalCheck 5 (4) Elecsys PreciControl Varia

# Common name:

(1) Calcitonin assay ) Calcitonin CalSet (3) Calcitonin CalCheck 5 ) PreciControl Varia

Classification name: 1) Radioimmunoassay, Calcitonin Calibrator, Secondary Quality control material Quality control material

# 510(k) Summary for the Elecsys Calcitonin test system, continued

Device Name, continued

Product Code:

1) JKR JIT JY JJY

Predicate Device: 1) Assay: Siemens Immulite 1000 Calcitonin, Model LKCL (k023304) 2) Calibrator: Elecsys Vitamin D CalSet (k1 13546) 3 Control: Elecsys T4 CalCheck 5 (k112528) 4) Control: Elecsys PreciControl Varia (k111506)

# Establishment Registration

For the Elecsys Calcitonin test system, the establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics GmbH in Mannheim, Germany, is 9610126 and for Penzberg, Germany, is 9610529. The establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics in the United States is 1823260

# Classification

The FDA has classified the Radiometry, Calcitonin test system and the Calibrator, Secondary (Calcitonin CalSet) as a Class II device. The FDA has classified the multi-analyte controls, all kinds (assayed and unassayed) as a Class I device (Calcitonin CalCheck 5 and PreciControl Varia).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Citation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JKR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Radioimmunoassay,Calcitonin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR 862.1140</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator, secondary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR 862.1150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR 862.1660</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR 862.1660</td></tr></table>

Analyzer For the analytical and clinical studies, the cobas e 411 was used as the Platform master analyzer.

# 510(k) Summary for the Elecsys Calcitonin test system, continued

# Device Description

The Calcitonin Assay employs monoclonal antibodies specifically directed against hCT. The antibodies labeled with a ruthenium complex and biotin, respectively consist of mouse- specific components.

Results are determined using a calibration curve that is generated specifically on each instrument by a 2 point calibration and a master curve (5-point-calibration) provided with the reagent bar code.

The Elecsys Calcitonin CalSet is a lyophilized product based on buffered equine serum. It has been standardized to IRP WHO Reference Standard 89/620.

The Elecsys Calcitonin CalCheck 5 is a lyophilized product based on buffered equine serum. It has been standardized to IRP WHO Reference Standard 89/620.

The PreciControl Varia is a multi-composite lyophilized 3 level control set which has been previously cleared (k11 1506), with added calcitonin analyte.

Intended Use/ Indications for Use

Elecsys Calcitonin Reagent:

The Calcitonin immunoassay is intended for the in vitro quantitative determination of human calcitonin (thyrocalcitonin) in serum and plasma. The calcitonin determination is intended to be used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases involving the thyroid and parathyroid glands, including carcinoma and hyperparathyroidism in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings. The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Elecsys Calcitonin CalSet:

Calcitonin CalSet is used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys Calcitonin assay on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers

Elecsys Calcitonin CalCheck 5:

The Elecsys Calcitonin CalCheck 5 is an assayed control for use in calcitonin calibration verification and for use in the verification of the calcitonin assay range established by the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Elecsys PreciControl Varia:

The Elecsys PreciControl Varia is used for quality control of the Elecsys immunoassays on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# 510(k) Summary for Calcitonin test system, continued

# Substantial Equivalence

The Elecsys Calcitonin Test System is substantially equivalent to other devices legally marketed in the United States.

The Elecsys Calcitonin immunoassay is equivalent to Immulite 1000 Calcitonin (k023304).

Elecsys Calcitonin CalSet is equivalent to Elecsys Vitamin D CalSet (k113546).

Elecsys Calcitonin CalCheck 5 is equivalent to the Elecsys T4 CalCheck 5 (k112528).

Elecsys PreciControl Varia is equivalent to Elecsys PreciControl Varia (k111506).

Substantial Equivalence - Comparison

The following tables compare:

The Elecsys Calcitonin Immunoassay with its predicate device (k023304).   
The Calcitonin CalSet with its predicate device (k113546).   
The Calcitonin CalCheck 5 its the predicate device (k112528).   
PreciControl Varia to its predicate device (k1 1 1506).

Comparison of Assays, Similarities and Differences

Table 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Immulite 1000Calcitonin, Model LKCL (k023304)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Calcitonin Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Assay Features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended to measure the thyroidhormone calcitonin (thryocalcitonin)levels in serum. Calcitoninmeasurements are used in thediagnosis and treatment of diseasesinvolving the thyroid and parathyroidglands, including carcinoma andhyperparathyroidism (excessiveactivity of the parathyroid gland).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Calcitonin immunoassay isintended for the in vitro quantitativedetermination of human calcitonin(thyrocalcitonin) in serum and plasma.The calcitonin determination isintended to be used as an aid in thediagnosis and treatment of diseasesinvolving the thyroid and parathyroidglands, including carcinoma andhyperparathyroidism in conjunctionwith other clinical and laboratoryfindings.The electrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay &quot;ECLIA&quot; is intendedfor use on the indicated Elecsys andcobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayProtocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A solid-phase, enzyme-labeled, two-site chemiluminescent immunometricassay. The solid-phase, a polystyrenebead enclosed within an IMMULITE1000 Test Unit, is coated with amonoclonal murine antibody specificfor calcitonin.Incubation cycles: 2 x 30 minutesTotal duration of assay: 60 minutes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay employs murine monoclonalantibodies specifically directed againsthCT. One antibody is labeled withruthenium complex; the secondantibody is labeled with Biotin.Streptavidin coated microparticles areused as solid phase.Sandwich principle. Total duration ofassay: 18 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionProtocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent Immunometricassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ElectrochemiluminescentImmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Applications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-minute application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-minute application</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued

Table 1 continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Immulite 1000Calcitonin, Model LKCL (k023304)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Calcitonin Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Assay Features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentPlatform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immulite 1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas e 411</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum or heparinized plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and plasma treated withK2-EDTA, K3-EDTA, lithium heparinand lithium heparin plasma gelseparation tubes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A solid-phase, enzyme-labeled, two-site chemiluminescent immunometricassay. The solid-phase, a polystyrenebead enclosed within an IMMULITE1000 Test Unit, is coated with amonoclonal murine antibody specificfor calcitonin.Incubation cycles: 2 x 30 minutesTotal duration of assay: 60 minutes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich principle. Total duration ofassay: 18 minutesAssay employs murine monoclonalantibodies specifically directed againsthCT. One antibody is labeled withruthenium complex; the secondantibody is labeled with Biotin.Streptavidin coated microparticles areused as solid phase.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Siemens Calcitonin Adjustors (LCLL,LCLH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Calcitonin CalSet</td></tr></table>

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued

Table 1 continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Immulite 1000Calcitonin, Model LKCL(k023304)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Calcitonin Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Assay Features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recommended Adjustment interval:4 weeks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration must be performed onceper reagent lot using fresh reagent (i.e.not more than 24 hours since thereagent kit was registered on theanalyzer). Renewed calibration isrecommended as follows:cobas e 411 analyzers:• After 2 months (56 days) whenusing the same reagent lot.After 7 days (when using thesame reagent kit on theanalyzer).As required: e.g. quality controlfindings outside the specified limits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use controls or sample pools with atleast two levels (low and high) ofcalcitonin.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Varia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability /Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against WHO 2nd IRP89/620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable at 2-8°C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:2-8°C - Up to the stated expirationdateOpened 2-8°C - 12 weeksOn Analyzers - 4 weeks</td></tr></table>

# Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued

Table 1 continued   

<table><tr><td colspan="5">Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td>Feature</td><td colspan="2">Predicate Device: Immulite 1000 Calcitonin, Model LKCL (k023304)</td><td colspan="2">Elecsys Calcitonin Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5">Labeled Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td>Measuring Range</td><td colspan="3">0.6 - 2000 pg/mL</td><td>1.0 - 2000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Precision</td><td>Within-run Sample Mean 1 22 Nm4n6 44 145 621 1029</td><td>SD CV 0.86 3.9% 1.3 3.0% 3.3 2.3% 13.8 2.2% 24.8 2.4%</td><td>cobas e 411: 0.03 SD @ 3.0% CV @ 2.5% CV @ 2.9% CV @ 2.2% CV @ 2.3% 0.19 SDPCV1 @ 1.5% CVPCV2</td><td>Within-run (will be labeled Repeatability) 1.21 pg/mL 11.5 pg/mL 48.5pg/mL 482 pg/mL 1910 pg/mL 8.88 pg/mL @ 97.7 g/mL</td></tr><tr><td>1 2 m4n6</td><td>Total Sample Mean 22 44 145 621 1029 1207</td><td>SD CV 2.5 11.4% 3.3 7.5% 10.9 7.5% 65.6 10.6% 87.3 8.5% 115 9.5%</td><td></td><td>Total (will be labeled Intermediate) 0.04 SD @ 1.21 pg/mL 3.6% CV @ 11.5 pg/mL 3.5% CV@ 48.5pg/mL 4.0% CV@ 482 pg/mL 3.4% CV @ 1910 pg/mL 0.26 SDPCV1 @ 8.88 pg/mL 2.6% CVPCV2 97.7 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

PCV1 $\ c =$ PreciControl Varia level 1 PCV2 $\vDash$ PreciControl Varia level 2

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued   
Table 1 continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Immulite 1000Calcitonin, Model LKCL (k023304)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Calcitonin Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Labeled Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalSensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Blank (LoB): = 0.3 pg/mLLimit of Detection (LoD): = 0.5pg/mLLimit of Quantitation (LoQ): = 1pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hook Effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>There is no high-dose hook effect atconcentrations up to 25,000 pg/mL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>There is no high-dose hook effect atconcentrations up to 1,000,000 pg/mL.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assay is unaffected by the presence of:Hemoglobin &lt; 550 mg/dL.Bilirubin &lt; 200 mg/LLipemia &lt; 3000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assay is unaffected by:.  Hemoglobin &lt; 200 mg/dL.Bilirubin &lt; 66 mg/dLLipemia &lt; 2000 mg/dLBiotin &lt; 40 ng/mLRheumatoid factors &lt; 1,200 IU/mLIgG &lt; 4 g/dLIgM &lt; 0.7 g/dLIgA &lt; 1.6 g/dLIn vitro tests were performed on 17commonly used and 12 specialpharmaceuticals. No interference withthe assay was found.In rare cases, interference due toextremely high titers of antibodies toanalyte-specific antibodies, streptavidinor ruthenium can occur. These effectsare minimized by suitable test design.</td></tr></table>

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued

Table 1 continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Immunoassay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate Device: Immulite 1000Caleitonin, Model LKCL (k023304)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Calcitonin Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Labeled Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>MethodComparison</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=4>n = 150                 Passing/Bablok        DemingMin = 2.04 pg/mLMax = 1779 pg/mLSlope                          1.01                 0.998Intercept                      -0.404               -0.305Tau/r                          0.925                0.991</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 150</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Passing/Bablok</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Deming</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min = 2.04 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max = 1779 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.404</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.305</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tau/r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.925</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalStudy/referencerange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95thpercentile:Female 5.0 pg/mLMale  8.4 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97.5th percentile:Female 7.63 pg/mLMale   14.3 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued

Table 1 continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>I abie 1 Conlinuea</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Elecsys Calcitonin Immunoassay on cobas e 411(master analyzer)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=15 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Analytic Specificity</td><td rowspan=15 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max.concentration tested(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highestcross-reactivityobserved (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmon Calcitonin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Porcine Calcitonin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chicken Calcitonin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACTH (1-39)human</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.037</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-Peptide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcitonin GeneRelated Peptide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PTH (1-84)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TSH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000μIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prolactin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gastrin I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elcatonin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Katacalcin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td></tr></table>

Table 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Elecsys CalSet comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys Vitamin D CalSet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Calcitonin CalSet</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Vitamin D CalSet isused for calibrating thequantitative Elecsys Vitamin Dassay on the Elecsys and cobase immunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcitonin CalSet is used forcalibrating the quantitative ElecsysCalcitonin assay on the Elecsysand cobas e immunoassayanalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffered (50 mmol/L HEPES)equine serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened: up to the statedexpiration dateAfter reconstituting:At 2-8C - 120 hoursAt -20C - 90 days (freeze onlyonceOn Elecsys 2010/cobas e 411 at20-25°C: up to 5 hoursOn MODULAR ANALYTICSE170/cobas e 601: Use onlyonce</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened: up to the statedexpiration dateAfter reconstituting:At 2-8°C - 72 hoursAt -20°C - 84 days (freeze onlyonceAt 20-25°C: up to 5 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffer: HEPES 50mMPreservative: Bronidox L 0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffer: HEPES 50mMHuman Calcitonin (synthetic)</td></tr></table>

Table 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Elecsys CalCheck comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys T4 CalCheck 5(Predicate Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Calcitonin CalCheck 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys T4 CalCheck 5is an assayed control foruse in calibrationverification and for use inthe verification of the assayrange established by theElecsys T4 quantitativeassay reagent on theindicated Elecsys andcobas e immunoassayanalyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys Calcitonin CalCheck 5 isan assayed control for use incalcitonin calibration verification andfor use in the verification of thecalcitonin assay range established bythe Elecsys and cobas e immunoassayanalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcitonin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayMeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.300 - 10.0 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0- 2000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check TargetValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check 1: ≤ 10 nmol/LCheck 2: 100 nmol/LCheck 3: 160 nmol/LCheck 4: 250 nmol/LCheck 5: 320 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check 1: ≤ 1.00 pg/mLCheck 2: 50 pg/mLCheck 3: 500 pg/mLCheck 4: 1000 pg/mLCheck 5: 2000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute Check 1,Check 2, Check 3, Check 4,and Check 5 with exactly1.0 mL distilled ordeionized water. Allow tostand closed for 15 minutes,then mix gently byinversion.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8°C untilexpiration dateReconstituted:•   15-25°C: 4 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8°C until expirationdateReconstituted:20-25°C: 4 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: BSA/Buffer matrixLevel 2-5: Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffered (50 mmol/L HEPES) equineserum</td></tr></table>

# Premarket Notification, ${ \bf 5 1 0 ( k ) }$ for the Elecsys Calcitonin test system, continued

Table 4   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Elecsys PreciControl Varia comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys PreciControl Varia(k111506)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Varia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Varia is usedfor quality control of specifiedElecsys immunoassays on theElecsys and cobas e immunoassayanalyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same with the addition of calcitoninanalyte.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-CrossLaps/serum (β-CTx)GravimetryOsteocalcin—In-housereference system (commerciallyavailable osteocalcinimmuno/radio-binding assay•Parathyroid Hormone (PTHand PTH STAT)—In-housereference system (commerciallyavailable PTH radiobindingassayVitamin B12—Commerciallyavailable radio-binding assayFerritin—NIBSC Standard80/602Folate—Elecsys Folate IIAssay•Vitamin D —LC-MS/MS(which in turn has beenstandardized to the NISTstandard)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-CrossLaps/serum (β-CTx)-GravimetryOsteocalcin—In-house referencesystem (commercially availableosteocalcin immuno/radio-bindingassay•Parathyroid Hormone (PTH andPTH STAT)—In-house referencesystem (commercially availablePTH radiobindingassay)•Vitamin B12—Commerciallyavailable radio-binding assayFerritin—NIBSC Standard80/602•Folate—Elecsys Folate II Assay• Vitamin D —LC-MS/MS (whichin turn has been standardized tothe NIST standard)Calcitonin- standardized to IRPWHO Reference Standard 89/620</td></tr></table>

# Premarket Notification, ${ \bf 5 1 0 ( k ) }$ for the Elecsys Calcitonin test system, continued

Table 4, continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Elecsys PreciControl Varia comparison, continued</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys PreciControl Varia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Varia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AnalyteConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin (ng/mL)Level 0=14Level 1 = 150Level 2= 1000Folate (ng/mL)Level 0 = N/ALevel 1= 3.9Level 2= 12Vitamin B12 (pg/mL)Level 0= 230Level 1= 500Level 2= 1000β-CTx (pg/mL)Level 0 = N/ALevel 1 = 320</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ferritin (ng/mL)Level 0= 14Level 1 = 150Level 2= 1000•Folate (ng/mL)Level 0 = N/ALevel 1 = 3.9Level 2= 12Vitamin B12 (pg/mL)Level 0= 230Level 1 = 500Level 2= 1000β-CTx (pg/mL)Level 0= N/ALevel 1 = 320Level 2= 750Osteocalcin (ng/mL)Level 0 = N/ALevel 1 = 20Level 2= 100PTH and PTH STAT (pg/mL)Level 0=25Level 1 = 60Level 2=200Vitamin D (ng/mL)Level 0= 12.8Level 1= 17Level 2= 32Calcitonin (pg/mL)Level 0= N/ALevel 1= 10Level 2= 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2= 750Osteocalcin (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 0 = N/ALevel 1 = 20Level 2= 100PTH and PTH STAT (pg/mL)Level 0=25Level 1=60Level 2= 200Vitamin D (ng/mL)Level 0= 12.8Level 1 = 17Level 2=32</td></tr></table>

# Premarket Notification, ${ \bf 5 1 0 ( k ) }$ for the Elecsys Calcitonin test system, continued

Table 4, continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Elecsys PreciControl Varia comparison, continued</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys PreciControl Varia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Varia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dissolve carefully the contentsof one bottle by adding exactly3.0 mL of distilled or deionizedwater and allow standing closedfor 30 minutes to reconstitute.Mix carefully, avoiding theformation of foam.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume(reconstituted)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened at 2 - 8 C:up to the stated expiration dateReconstituted/thawed serum:at - 20 °C: 31 days (freezeonlyonceat 2- 8 °C: 72 hoursat 20 - 25 °C on-board theanalyzers: up to 5 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Standard/ Guidance Document Reference

In addition to FDA guidance regarding 510(k) submissions, the following standards were used for the performance studies.

Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline - Second Edition. CLSI document EP5-A2, Volume 24, No. 25, August 2004.

Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation; Approved Guideline. CLSI document EP 17-A, Volume 24, No. 34, October 2004.

Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline- Second Edition. CLSI document EP17-A2, Volume 32, No. 8, June 2012

Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline. CLSI document EP6-A, Volume 23, No. 16, April 2003.

Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline; Approved Guideline. CLSI document EP09-A2-IR, Volume 22, No. 19, September 2002

# Conclusion Statement

The submitted information in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision.

December 4. 2013

ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS   
KELLI TURNER   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS PRINCIPAL   
9115 HAGUE ROAD   
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250-0416   
Re: K132828   
Trade/Device Name: Elecsys Calcitonin Immunoassay Elecsys Calcitonin CalSet Elecsys Calcitonin CalCheck 5 Elecsys PreciControl Varia Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1140 Regulation Naine: Calcitonin test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JKR, JIT. JJY Dated: September 17, 2013 Received: September 18, 2013

Dear Ms. Turner:

We have reviewed your Section $\bar { \mathsf { S } } [ \mathbb { 0 } ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976. the enactment dale of the Medical Devicc Amendments. or to and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may. therefore. market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration. listing of devices. good manufacturing practice. labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Pleasc note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you. however, that device labcling must be truthful and not mislcading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class I1 (PMA). it imay be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 1. Parts 800 to 898. In addition. FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please bc advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statules and regulations administered by other Federal agencics. You must comply with all the Act's requirements. including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR: Part 807): labcling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809): medical device reporting (reporing of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable. the

Page 2—Ms. Turner

clectronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act): 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If yu desie speciic advice for your devicc on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Pars 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address hup://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also. please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Par 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse cvents under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
htp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or al its Internet address htp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.hum.

Sincerely yours.

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. I.ias. Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Device Name

Elecsys Calcitonin Immunoassay. Elecsys Calcitonin CalSet. Elecsys Calcitonin CalCheck 5, Elecsys PreciControl Varia

Indications for Use (Describe)

Elecsys Calcitonin Immunoassay:

The Calcitonin Immunoassay is intended for the in vitro quantitative determination of human calcitonin (thyrocalcitonin) in serum and plasma. The calcitonin determination is intended to be used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases involving the thyroid and parathyroid glands, including carcinoma and hyperparathyroidism in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings.

Calcitonin CalSet is used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys Calcitonin assay on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Elecsys Calcitonin CalCheck 5:

The Elecsys CalCheck 5 is an assayed control for use in calibration verification and for use in the verification of the calcitonin assay range established by the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Elecsys PreciControl Varia:   
The Elecsys PreciControl Varia is used for quality control of the Elecsys immunoassays on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.