# 5. 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordancc with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

The Assigned 510(k) number is _K132086_.

# Submitter's Identification:

ACON Laboratories, Inc.

10125 Mesa Rim Road

San Diego, California 92121

Date Prepared: August 21, 2013

# Contact Person:

Qiyi Xic Senior Staff, Clinical & Regulatory Affairs

Proprietary Name of the Device:

On Call" Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Common Name:

Glucose Test System

# Classification Name:

Class II $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ Glucose Test System

# Predicate Device:

On Call® Vivid Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
ACON Laboratories, Inc., located at 10125 Mesa Rim Road, CA 92121, USA. $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ Number: K112653

Device Name: On Call Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WOn Call ExpressBlood GlucoseMonitoring System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 NBW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System, Test,Blood Glucose,Prescription</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose TestSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3On Call ExpressBlood GlucoseMeter and On Call®Express BloodGlucose Test Strips</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 LFR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Monitor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Meter &amp;Test Strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3On Call ExpressGlucose ControlSolution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1660Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 JJX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single AnalyteControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Solution</td></tr></table>

# Description:

The On Call Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System is a quantitative assay for the detection of glucose in capillary whole blood sampled from the fingcrtip, palm and forearm. The glucose measurement is achieved by using the amperometric detection method.

The test strip has a reagent system including glucose oxidase and a mediator that reacts with glucose in the whole blood sample to produce an electrical current. This current is measured by the meter, and ater calculation by the meter, the blood glucose concentration reading is displayed on the meter display, calibrated to a plasma reference.

# Intended Use:

The On Call" Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to bc used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertips, forearm and palm by people with diabetes at home as an aid in monitoring the effectivcness of diabetes control programs. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when blood glucose level is not changing rapidly). Thc On Call" Express Blood Glucose Monitoring Syste is intended to be used by a sigle patient and hould not be shared. It is for in vio diagnostic usc only.

The On Call" Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabctes, nor intended for use on neonates.

The On Call" Express Blood Glucose Test Strips are used with the On Call" Express Blood Glucose Meter in the quantitative measurement of glucose in capillary blood from the fingertips, forearm and palm.

The On Call Express Blood Glucose Control Solution is for use with the On Call Express Blood Glucose Meter and Strips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

# Technological Characteristics:

Specification of Blood Glucose Meter:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to 600 mg/dL (1.1-33.3 mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma-equivalent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh capillary whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum Sample Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One (1) CR 2032 3.0V coin ccll battery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000 tests for glucose testing (not considering datatransfer)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Units ofMeasure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The meter is preset to mg/dL when sold in theUnited States.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 300 records with time and date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic Shutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 minutes after last action</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.46&quot; x 1.93&quot; x 0.65&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38&quot; x 1.26&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 50 g (with battery installed)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41-113°F (5-45°C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opcrating RelativeHumidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90% (non-condensing)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-55%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9600 baud, 8 data bits, 1 stop bit, no parity</td></tr></table>

# Comparison to Predicate Devices:

The On Call Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to The On Call" Vivid Blood Glucose Monitoring System, K112653.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On Call Vivid Blood GlucoseMonitoring System (K112653)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On Call® Express BloodGlucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma-equivalent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh capillary whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose oxidase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Units ofMeasure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating RelativeHumidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One Serial data port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to 600 mg/dL (1.1-33.3mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic Shutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two minutes after last user action</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum of 1,000 measurements(without considering data transferand test reminder alarms)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Auto Coding by meter automaticrecognition of the intended codingafter strip insertion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-55%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-45°C (50113°F)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41-113°F (5-45°C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum SampleSize</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 uL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 500 records with time anddate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 300 records with time anddate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two (2) CR 2032 3.0 V coin cellbatteries</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One (1) CR 2032 3.0V coin cellbattery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.53&quot; x 2.28&quot; x 0.85&quot;(89.6mm x 58mm x 21.7mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.46&quot; x 1.93&quot; x 0.65&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approx. 60 g (with batteryinstalled)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approx. 50 g (with batteryinstalled</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter DisplayBacklight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Strip PortLight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

# Discussions of Non-Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence are as follows:

Guidance documents included the "FDA Guidance for Industry In Vitro Diagnostic Glucose Test System" and "FDA Guidance for Total Product Life Cycle for Portable Invasive Blood Glucosc Monitoring Systems" as well as "Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices."

Compliance to applicable voluntary standards includes EN ISO 15197:2003 "In vitro diagnostic test systems  Requirements for in vitro whole blood glucose monitoring systems intended for use by patients for self-testing in management of diabetes mellitus."

# Laboratory Testing:

$\textcircled{8}$ The performance characteristics of the On Call Exprcss Blood Glucose Monitoring System were evaluated by performing the following safety and reliability testing per IS0 15197:2003, Section 6: repeatability precision, intermediate precision, accuracy evaluation, user performance, linearity, interfering agents, , altitude effect, system traceability, validation of calibration control materials, hematocrit effect, tcmperature effect evaluation - blood & control solution, low battery effect evaluation, , sample volume, tempcrature effect evaluation (blood and control solution), humidity effect, simulated shipping studies - test strip & control solution, accelerated Use Life (control & strip), 65° Accelerated Stability (Strip & Control), packaging, vibration, drop tests, temperature exposure, and humidity exposure, control value assignment, virucidal efficacy validation, meter cleaning and disinfection, meter testing, softwarc validation testing, electromagnctic compatibility and clcctrical safety testing (per EN/IEC 61010-1 & 61010-2-101) as part of meter and strip validation testing.

# Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed:

Clinical studies were conducted with lay persons and trained laboratory technicians using the On $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Call" Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The study data were presented evaluating $\textcircled{8}$ the system accuracy of the On Call Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System compared to the YSI Model 2300 STAT PLUS (K913806) per the ACON Clinical Study Protocol for the Blood Glucose Monitoring System. Study results indicate that nonprofessional, inexperienced lay persons wcrce able to obtain comparable blood glucose readings when using the On Call Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System as compared to thc results obtained by the traincd technicians. In addition, thc participating lay persons were questioned and responded as satisfied with thc ease of operation by following the Instructions for Use in the User's Manual and thc overall $\circledast$ performance of the On Call Express Blood Glucosc Monitoring System.

# Conclusion:

$\Cap$ EY The laboratory testing and clinical study results demonstratc that the On Call" Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System is safe, effective and easy-to-use. It also demonstrates that thc On

® Call Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System mcets the accuracy requirements per EN ISO Monitoring System, currently sold on thc U.S. market (K1 12653).

# December 19, 2013

ACON LABORATORIES, INC. QIYI XIE, M.D., MPH SR. STAFF (RA/CA) 10125 MESA RIM ROAD SAN DIEGO CA 92121

Re: K132086 Trade/Device Name: On Call Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX Dated: November 05, 2013 Received: November 06, 2013

Dear Dr. Xie:

We have reviewed your Section ${ \mathfrak { s l o } } ( { \mathbf k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, a Cosmetic Act (Act) that donot require approval o a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefoe,market the devi subject  the geneal controls provisins o the Act.The gal controls provisionshe Act incu qurement o ual gistration, listg devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

yr ecovi  plcass  A, it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Dr. Xie

If you desie specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assitance t  tolreeumbe (800) 638 2041r (301)76-7100 r t t ntee ares http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Par 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name On Call® Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

T n lxp Blo Glucs  tivu level is not changing rapidly).

in vitro diagnostic use only.

T On ouc     oe quantitative measurement of glucose in capillary blood from the fingertips, forearm and palm.

The On Cl Expr BloodGlucose Conol Solutis e he  l xprs Bloo Glucoe Meteran correctly.