This summary of ${ \mathfrak { s l o } } ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned ${ \mathfrak { s l } } 0 ( { \mathbf k } )$ number is: k132091

# 1.0 Submitter

SEP 2 0 2013

Paula McCarthy   
Head of Quality and Regulatory Affairs Techno-path Manufacturing Ltd.   
Fort Henry Business Park   
Ballina, Co. Tipperary   
Ireland   
Telephone: $\yen 353$ 61 335844   
Fax: $\yen 353$ 61 203034   
Email: paula.mccarthy@techno-path.com Submitter Contact   
Stephanie G. Garth   
Consultant   
Global Compliance Plus   
325 Big Elm St.   
Highland Village, TX 75077 Telephone: 429-230-0959

2.0 Date Submitted August 16, 2013

# 3.0 Device Identification

3.1 Proprietary Names: Multichem IA Plus   
3.2 Common Name: Multi-Analyte Control, All Kinds (Assayed and Unassayed)   
3.3 Classification: Class 1, Reserved   
3.4 Product Code: JJY   
3.5 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DocumentNumber</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multichem IA Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LiquichekTM ImmunoassayPlus Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-RadLaboratories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k001373</td></tr></table>

The Multichem IA Plus control is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared Bio-Rad product listed above, currently in commercial distribution.

# 5.0 Device Description

The Multichem IA Plus control is prepared from human serum to which purified biochemical material (extracts of human and animal origin), chemicals, drugs, preservatives and stabilizers have been added. The control is used in liquid form for convenience.

Three levels of control are available to allow performance monitoring within the analytical range. Multichem IA Plus Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 controls are available in tri-level and single level kit configurations. Individual analyte values listed in the package insert are specific for the instrument system utilized.

Below are the different kit configurations:   
Multichem IA Plus   
Model 05P76-10 with Tri-Level controls; 4 vials of each level with $\mathsf { \pmb { 5 } } \mathsf { \pmb { m } } \mathbf { L }$ contents   
Model IA310A with Tri-Level controls; 4 vials of each level with $\mathsf { \pmb { 5 } } \mathsf { m } \mathrm { L }$ contents   
Model IA311A with Level 1 control; 12 vials with ${ \mathfrak { s m L } }$ contents   
Model IA312A with Level 2 control; 12 vials with $\mathsf { \pmb { 5 } m L }$ contents   
Model IA313A with Level 3 control; 12 vials with ${ \mathfrak { s m L } }$ contents

All human source material was tested and found negative by FDA approved methods for HBSAg, HCV and HIV-1/2.

Multichem IA Plus control is intended for use as an assayed quality control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in the package insert.

The following analytes are listed in the package insert:

Alpha Fetoprotein (AFP)   
Anti-thyroglobulin   
Anti-thyroperoxidase   
BNP   
CA 125   
CA 15-3   
CA 19-9   
Carbamazepine   
Carcinogenic Embryonic Antigen (CEA)   
CK-MB   
Cortisol   
C-Peptide   
DHEA Sulfate   
Digoxin   
Estradiol   
Ferritin   
Folate   
Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH)   
Gentamicin   
Homocysteine   
Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (BhCG)   
Immunoglobulin E   
Insulin   
Luteinizing Hormone   
Myoglobin   
Phenobarbital   
Phenytoin   
Progesterone   
Prolactin   
Prostate Specific Antigen, Total   
Prostate Specific Antigen, Free   
Parathyroid Hormone (PTH) (1-84)   
Sex Hormone Binding Globulin (SHBG)   
Triodothyronine, Free (FT3)   
Triiodothyronine, Total (TT3)   
T-Uptake   
Thyroxine, Free (FT4)   
Thyroxine, Total (TT4)   
Testosterone   
Theophylline   
Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH)   
Troponin I   
Valproic Acid   
Vancomycin   
Vitamin $\mathbf { B } _ { 1 2 }$   
25-OH Vitamin D

# 7.0 Comparison to the Predicate

Multichem IA Plus control claims to be substantially equivalent to the Liquichek™ lmmunoassay Plus control. The controls have same / similar design and modes of operation. The key features are summarized in the table on the following page.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: Liquichek TM Immunoassay PlusControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:Multichem IA Plus Control.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">An assayed quality control serumto monitor the precision oflaboratory testing procedures forthe analytes listed in the packageinsert.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Multichem IA Plus Control isintended for use as an assayed qualitycontrol serum to monitor the precision oflaboratory testing procedures for theanalytes listed in the package insert.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Frozen until useLiquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Frozen until useLiquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage(Unopened)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-20° to -70°C Until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-20° to -80°C Until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thawed and Open</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All analytes are stable for 14 dayswith the following exceptions:Folate will be 4 days and Estradiolwill be 5 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All analytes are stable for 10 days withthe following exceptions:C-Peptide and Homocysteine will be 7days; PTH Intact, Troponin I and 25OHVitamin D will be 4 days; Folate will be2 days; and BNP will be for 1 hour.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains:11-Deoxycortisol17-Alpha Hydroxyprogesterone25-Hydroxy Vitamin DAcetaminophenAldosteroneAlpha Fetoprotein (AFP)AmikacinAmiodaroneAmitriptylineAndrostenedioneAngiotensin IAntithyroglobulin antibody (anti-TPO-Ab)Antithyroid Peroxidase Antibodies(anti TPO-Ab)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains:Alpha Fetoprotein (AFP)Anti-thyroglobulinAnti-thyroperoxidaseBNP</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Predicate Device: LiquichekTM. Immunoassay Plus Control</td><td>Candidate Device: Multichem IA Plus Control *</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="7"></td><td></td><td>CA 125 CA 15-3 CA 19-9</td></tr><tr><td>Caffeine Carbamazepine Carbamazepine, Free Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA)</td><td>Carbamazepine Carcinogenic Embryonic Antigen (CEA)</td></tr><tr><td>Chloramphenicol CK-MB Isoenzyme Cortisol Cyclosporine</td><td>CK-MB Cortisol C-Peptide</td></tr><tr><td>Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) (1) Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA)(Sulfate) Desipramine</td><td>DHEA Sulfate</td></tr><tr><td>Digoxin Disopyramide</td><td>Digoxin</td></tr><tr><td>Estradiol Estriol, Free Estriol Total Estrogen, Total</td><td>Estradiol</td></tr><tr><td>Ethosuximide Ferritin Flecainide Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) Fructosamine</td><td>Ferritin Folate Follicle Stimulating Hormone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Folate (FSH) Gentamicin Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)-Beta Subunit Human Growth Hormone (hGH)</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Predicate Device: Liquichek™M Immunoassay Plus Control</td><td>Candidate Device: Multichem IA Plus Control</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Ibuprofen Imipramine Immunoglobulin A (lgA) Immunoglobulin E (IgE) Immunoglobulin G (IgG)</td><td>Immunoglobulin E</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Prolactin Propanolol</td><td>Immunoglobulin M (IgM) Insulin Iron Lidocaine Lithium</td><td>Insulin Luteinizing Hormone</td></tr><tr><td>Luteinizing Hormone (LH) N-Acetylprocainamide (NAPA) Netilmicin Nortriptyline</td><td>Myoglobin</td></tr><tr><td>Phenobarbital Phenytoin Phenytoin, Free Primidone Procainamide Progesterone</td><td>Phenobarbital Phenytoin</td></tr><tr><td>Prolactin Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP) Prostate Specific Antigen (PSA) Prostatic Specific Antigen, Free</td><td>Progesterone Prostate Specific Antigen, Total Prostate Specific Antigen, Free</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="7"></td><td>T4, Free</td><td>Thyroxine, Free (FT4)</td></tr><tr><td>T4, Total Testosterone</td><td>Thyroxine, Total (TT4) Testosterone</td></tr><tr><td>Testosterone Free Theophylline</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Thyroglobulin Thyroid Stimulating Hormone</td><td>Theophylline Thyroid Stimulating Hormone</td></tr><tr><td>(TSH) Thyroxine Binding Globulin (TBG)</td><td>(TSH)</td></tr><tr><td>Tobramycin Total Iron Binding Capacity (TIBC)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic Antidepressants Screen (TCA)</td><td>Troponin I</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Valproic Acid</td><td>Valproic Acid</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Valproic Acid, Free Vancomycin Vitamin B.j2</td><td>Vancomycin Vitamin B.12 25-OH Vitamin D</td></tr></table>

# Value Assignment Summary

Value assignment testing was performed utilizing internal procedures and protocols to determine typical values that would be seen for the product across Abbott ARCHITECT $\mathrm { i } 2 0 0 0 ^ { \infty }$ and $\mathsf { c 8 0 0 0 } ^ { \otimes }$ Chemistry systems with the associated reagent test systems .Value assignment ranges were established at the pre-determined criteria of $20 \%$ around the grand mean and expanded to $30 \%$ , if needed to ensure that 3SD's either side of the mean were within the established range. The values provided in the instructions for use were derived from replicate analyses and are specific for a particular lot of product. Tests were performed by the control manufacturer and/or by independent laboratories, for various methods and instrument systems. Laboratory means may vary from the values listed during the life of the control. Values are provided only as guidelines, each laboratory should establish its own statistical limits.

# Stability Testing Summary

Stability studies have been performed to determine the open vial stability and shelflife for this control. For open vial stability, Techno-path utilized internal procedures and two protocols methods. Product claims are as follows:

Open Vial Stability:

Analytes are stable for 10 days after being thawed and opened when stored tightly capped at $2 \spadesuit \mathrm { C }$ to ${ \bf 8 ^ { \circ } C }$ with the following exceptions:

BNP will be stable for 1 hour C-Peptide will be stable for 7 days • Folate will be stable for 2 days Homocysteine will be stable for 7 days Parathyroid Hormone will be stable for 4 days Troponin I will be stable for 4 days 25-OH Vitamin D will be stable for 4 days

A combination of accelerated and real-time testing was carried out utilizing CLSI EP25A in order to support a shelf-life storage claim of $\mathbf { \nabla } \mathbf { \cdot } 2 0 ^ { \circ }$ to $\mathbf { - 8 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ for 30 months. The results concluded that the Multichem IA Plus controls are predicted to be stable for 30 months when stored at $\bf { \Omega } { 2 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ to $\bf { \Omega } _ { - 8 0 } \circ _ { C }$ The real-time testing is on-going.

# Traceability Summary

The analytes contained within the Multichem IA Plus controls (Level, 1, 2 and 3) were obtained from commercially available sources or are endogenous to the base serum matrix. Techno-path does not claim traceability to higher order reference materials or methods.

# 9.0 Conclusion:

The conclusions drawn froim the nonclinical tests (discussed above) demonstrate that the Multichem IA Plus control is as safe, as effective, and performs as well as the predicate device. The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.

# September 20, 2013

Techno-path Manulacturing Ltd. C/O Stephanie Garth, Consultant Global Compliance Plus 325 Big Elm St. HIGHLAND VILLAGE TX 75077

Re: K132091 Trade/Device Name: Multichem IA Plus Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material Regulatory Class: I, reserved Product Code: JJY Dated: August 16, 2013 Received: August 19, 2013

Dear Ms. Garth:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976. the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, thereforc. market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (sec above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820): and if applicable, the clectronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, Intermational and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): _k132091

Indications for Use:

Multichem IA Plus is intended for use as an assayed quality control serum to mor the preison  bortory estig prourorhe nalyesiste n the paca.

The following analytes are listed in the package insert:

Alpha Fetoprotein (AFP)   
Anti-thyroglobulin   
Anti-thyroperoxidase   
Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (BhCG)   
BNP(1-32)   
CA 125   
CA 15-3   
CA 19-9   
Carbamozepine   
Carcinogenic Embryonic Antigen (CEA)   
CK-MB   
Cortisol   
C-Peptide   
DHEA-Sulfate   
Digoxin   
Estradiol   
Ferrilin   
Folate   
Prostate Speciic Antigen, Free   
Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH)   
Triiodothyronine, Free (FT3)   
Thyroxine, Free (FT4)   
Gentamicin   
Homocysicine   
Immunoglobulin E   
Insulin   
Luteinizing Honnone   
Myoglobin   
Parathyroid Hormone (PTH) (1-84)   
Phenobarbital   
Phenyloin   
Progesterone   
Prolactin   
Prostate Specific Antigen, Total   
Sex Hormone Binding Globulin   
T-Uplake   
Testosterone   
Theophylline   
Troponin I   
Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH)   
Triodothyronine, Total (TT3)   
Thyroxine, Total (TT4)   
Valproic Acid   
Vancomycin   
Vitamin B12   
25-OH Vilamin D

Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

# Concurrence of CDRH, Offie of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Ruth A. Chesler -S