# 510(k) Summary

# ELITech Clinical Systems CREATININE PAP SL

July 29, 2013

2. Submitter |

ELITech Clinical Systems SAS   
Zone Industrielle   
61500 SEES   
FRANCE

3. Contact Person:

Debra K. Hutson   
Director, QARA, North America   
$2 1 7 2 0 2 3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ Dr SE, Suite 150   
Bothell, WA 98021   
Phone: 425-482-5174   
Fax: 425-482-5550   
Email: d.hutson@elitechgroup.com

I

4. Device Description: Classification

ELITech Clinical Systems CREATININE PAP SL   
Class II   
JFY   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 862.1225

Device Description: Classification

ELITech Clinical Systems ELICAL 2   
Class II   
JIX   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 862.1150

Device Description: Classification

ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL I and ELITROL II   
Class I,   
JJY   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 826.1660

Device Description: Classification

ELITech Clinical Systems URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL   
Class I,   
JJY   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 826.1660

5.

# Predicate Device:

k024098 Roche Diagnostics Creatinine plus ver 2

k033501   
Roche Diagnostics   
Calibrator for Automated Systems (C.f.a.s.)

k041227 Roche Diagnostics Precinorm and Precipath

# k020817 BIO-RAD Liquichek Urine Chemistry Control Level 1 and Level 2

6. Intended Use Reagents:

ELITech Clinical Systems CREATININE PAP SL is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of creatinine in human serum, plasma and urine on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers. It is not intended for use in Point of Care settings.

Creatinine measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases, in monitoring renal dialysis, and as a calculation basis for measuring other urine analytes.

# Calibrators:

ELITech Clinical Systems ELICAL 2 is a multi-parametric calibrator for in vitro diagnostic use in the calibration of quantitative ELITech Clinical Systems methods on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.

# Controls:

ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL I and ELITROL II are multi-parametric control sera for in vitro diagnostic use in quality control of quantitative ELITech Clinical Systems methods on ELiTech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.

ELITech Clinical Systems URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL is a set of 2 levels of urine controls used for in vitro diagnostic in the quality control of quantitative ELITech Clinical Systems methods on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.

Special conditions for use statement(s): Prescription Use Only. It is not intended for use in Point of Care settings.

Special instrument requirements:   
Performance was provided for the ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra ProM Analyzer.

# Device Descriptions

ELITech Clinical Systems CREATININE PAP SL is available as kit only. It consists of a bi-reagent R1 and R2 whose composition is, for R1: MOPS buffer (pH 7.50), EHSPT, Creatinase, Sarcosine oxidase, Ascorbate oxidase. For R2: MOPS buffer $\{ \mathsf { p H } 7 . 5 0 \}$ , 4-Aminoantipyrine, Creatininase, Peroxidase, sodium azide.

ELITech Clinical Systems ELICAL2 is a lyophilized calibrator based on human serum containing constituents to ensure optimal calibration. ELICAL 2 is prepared exclusively from the blood of donors tested individually and found to be negative for HbsAg and to the antibodies to HCV and HIV according to FDA-approved methods.

ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL I and ELITROL Il are two level quality control products consisting of a lyophilized human serum containing constituents at desired levels. ELITROL I and ELITROL 1I are prepared exclusively from the blood of donors tested individually and found to be negative for HbsAg and to antibodies to HCV and HIV according to FDA-approved methods.

ELITech Clinical Systems URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL is a liquid solution prepared from human urine supplemented with constituents of human and animal origin, chemicals, preservatives and stabilizers. Human sera corresponding to the URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL were tested for each urine donor and found to be negative for HbsAg and antibodies to HCV and HIV-1/HIV-2 according to FDA-approved methods.

8.

# Substantial Equivalence Information - Assay (reagent)

Predicate Device Name Roche Diagnostics Creatinine plus ver.2   
2. k024098   
Comparison with predicate

# Similarities

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELITech Clinical Systems DeviceCREATININE PAP SL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate deviceRoche Diagnostics Creatinine plus ver.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/ Indication forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended for the quantitative in vitrodiagnostic determination of creatininein human serum, plasma and urine onELITech Clinical Systems Selectra ProSeries Analyzers. It is not intended foruse in Point of Care settings.Creatinine measurements are used inthe diagnosis and treatment of renaldiseases, in monitoring renal dialysis,and as a calculation basis formeasuring other urine analytes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative determination of creatininein serum, plasma and urine on thecobas c111 system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, Plasma, Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzymatic colorimetric test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Parameter Assay Range Instrument</td><td>ELITech Clinical Systems Device CREATININE PAP SL</td><td>Predicate device Roche Diagnostics Creatinine plus ver.2</td></tr><tr><td>Serum/plasma: 0.10 - 30 mg/dL</td><td>Serum/plasma: 0.06 - 30.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Urine: 5 - 450 mg/dL. Selectra ProM analyzer</td><td>Urine: 1.1 - 452 mg/dL. cobas c111</td></tr><tr><td>Calibrator</td><td>Recommended calibration material (not included): ELITech Clinical Systems ELICAL 2</td><td>Recommended calibration material (not included): Roche Calibrator f.a.s.</td></tr><tr><td>Interferences- Serum/Plasma</td><td>Serum/Plasma Unconjugated bilirubin: No significant interference up to 30.0 mg/dL. Conjugated bilirubin: No significant interference up to 14.8 mg/dL. Hemoglobin: No significant interference up to 500 mg/dL. Triglycerides: No significant interference up to 3000 mg/dL. Uric acid: No significant interference up to 20.0 mg/dL. Glucose: No significant interference up to 500 mg/dL. Ascorbic acid: No significant interference up to 20 mg/dL. Methyl-dopa: Induce falsely low results at therapeutic concentrations. L-dopa: Induce falsely low results at therapeutic concentrations. Calcium dobesilate: Induce falsely low results at therapeutic common drug panels. concentrations. Exceptions: Levodopa and calcium Creatine: No significant interference dobesilate cause artificially low up to 5 mg/dL. creatinine levels at the tested drug level while DL-proline at a concentration of &gt;1mmol/L causes falsy high results. 2-Phenyl-1,3 indandion (Phenindion) at</td><td>Serum/Plasma Icterus: No significant influence up to I Index of 20 (approximate conjugated and unconjugated bilirubin concentration of 20 mg/dL (342 μmol/L)). Hemoglobin: No significant interference up to an H Index of 800 (approximate 800 mg/dL). Lipemia (Intralipid): No significant influence up to an L index of 1000. There is poor correlation between the L index (corresponds to turbidity) and triglycerides concentration. Ascorbic acid: &lt; 300 mg/L does not interfere. Drugs: No interference was found at therapeutic concentrations using</td></tr><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>ELITech Clinical Systems Device CREATININE PAP SL</td><td>Predicate device Roche Diagnostics Creatinine plus ver.2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Other: In very rare cases monoclonal gammopathy can lead to incorrect results. No significant interference up to a creatine level of 0.38 mmol/L (5 mg/dL).</td></tr><tr><td>Interferences - Urine Reference</td><td>Urine Conjugated bilirubin: No significant interference up to 29.5 mg/dL. Hemoglobin: No significant interference up to 500 mg/dL. Ascorbic acid: No significant interference up to 20 mg/dL. Methyl-dopa: No significant interference up to 10 mg/dL. Calcium dobesilate: No significant interference up to 50.0 mg/dL Glucose: No significant interference up to 5000 mg/dL. Serum/plasma: Adults :</td><td>Urine Drugs: No interference was found at therapeutic concentration using common drugs panels. Exception: Levodopa causes artificially low results. High homogentisic acid concentrations in urine samples lead to false results. Other: No significant interference up to a creatinine level of 3.05 mmol/L (40 mg/dL) Serum/plasma:</td></tr><tr><td>Range</td><td>Females 0.55 - 1.02 mg/dL Males 0.72 - 1.18 mg/dL Urine: Females 11 - 20 mg/kg/24h Males 14 - 26 mg/kg/24h</td><td>Adults : Females 0.51 - 0.95 mg/dL Males 0.67 - 1.17 mg/dL Children: Neonates(premat.) 0.33-0.98 mg/dL Neonates(full term) 0.31-0.88 mg/dL 2-12 m 0.16-0.39 mg/dL 1-&lt;3y 0.18-0.35 mg/dL 3-&lt;5y 0.26-0.42 mg/dL 5-&lt;7y 0.29-0.47 mg/dL 7-&lt;9y 0.34-0.53 mg/dL g-&lt; 11y 0.33-0.64 mg/dL 11-&lt; 13y 0.44-0.68 mg/dL 13-&lt; 15 y 0.46-0.77 mg/dL Urine 1st morning urine Females 29 - 226 mg/dL Males 40 - 278 mg/dL 24h Urine Females 720 - 1510 mg/ 24 h Males 980 - 2200 mg/ 24 h</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Parameter</td><td rowspan="2">ELITech Clinical Systems Device CREATININE PAP SL</td><td>Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td>Roche Diagnostics Creatinine plus ver.2</td></tr><tr><td>Calibration</td><td>Serum/Plasma: 14 days</td><td>Each lot and as required following</td></tr><tr><td>frequency</td><td>Urine: 14 days</td><td>quality control procedures</td></tr></table>

# Control Sera

Predicate Device Name: Roche Diagnostics Precinorm U and Precipath U   
2. k041227   
Comparison with predicate

# Similarities and Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELITech Clinical Systems DeviceELITROL I and ELITROL II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateRoche Diagnostics Precinorm U andPrecipath U (k041227)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL I andELITROL II are multi-parametric controlsera for in vitro diagnostic use in qualitycontrol of quantitative ELITechClinical Systems methods on ELITechClinical Systems Selectra Pro SeriesAnalyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precinorm U is for use in qualitycontrol by monitoring accuracy andprecision for the quantitative methodsas specified in the value sheets.Precipath U is for use in qualitycontrol by monitoring accuracy andprecision for the quantitative methodsas specified in the value sheets.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized human sera with constituentsadded as required to obtain definedcomponent levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two Levels (Level I and Level il)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized:To store at 2-8°C and protected from lightuntil the expiry dateAfter reconstitution, the stabilities are :- 12 hours between 15-25 °C.- 5 days between 2-8 °C.- 4 weeks between -25 and -15 °C (whenfrozen once)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Urine Control

Predicate Device Name: Biorad Liquichek Urine Chemistry Control Level 1 and Level 2   
2. k020817   
3.Comparison with predicate

Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELITech Clinical Systems DeviceURINE CONTROL BI -LEVEL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device Biorad LiquichekUrine Chemistry Control Level 1 andLevel 2 (K020817)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intendeduse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELITech Clinical Systems URINECONTROL BI - LEVEL is a set of 2 levelsof urine controls for in vitro diagnosticused in the quality control of quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek Urine Chemistry Control isintended for use as unassayed qualitycontrol urine.</td></tr></table>

Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELITech Clinical Systems DeviceURINE CONTROL BI -LEVEL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device Biorad LiquichekUrine Chemistry Control Level 1 andLevel 2 (K020817)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELITech Clinical Systems methods onELITech Clinical Systems Selectra ProSeries Analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid ready to use, a liquid solutionprepared from human urine supplementedwith constituents of human and animalorigin, chemicals, preservatives andstabilizers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid form, prepared from preparedfrom human urine supplemented withconstituents of human and animalorigin, chemicals, preservatives andstabilizers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- Before opening:Each control is stable until the expiry datestated on the label. After opening:Each control is stable for 30 days whenstored tightly-closed between 2-8 °C.- Creatinine values may graduallydecrease over the product shelf life.Individual laboratory means mayeventually fall outside of thecorresponding ranges indicated in thevalue sheet included in the kit.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Calibrator

Predicate Device Name: Roche Diagnostics Calibrator for Automated Systems (C.f.a.s)   
2. k033501   
3.Comparison with predicate

Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ELITech Clinical Systems DeviceELICAL 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateRoche Calibrator for AutomatedSystems (C.f.a.s.) k033501</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ELITech Clinical Systems ELICAL 2 is amulti-parametric calibrator for in vitrodiagnostic use in the calibration ofquantitative ELITech Clinical Systemsmethods on ELITech Clinical SystemsSelectra Pro Series Analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use in thecalibration of quantitative Rochemethods on Roche clinical chemistryanalysers as specified in the valuesheets.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lyophilized calibrator based on humanserum with constituents added asrequires to obtain desired componentlevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELITech Clinical Systems DeviceELICAL 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateRoche Calibrator for AutomatedSystems (C.f.a.s.) k033501</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized:To store at 2-8°C and protected from lightuntil the expiry dateAfter reconstitution, the stabilities are :- 8 hours between 15-25 °C.- 2 days between 2-8 °C.- 4 weeks between -25 and -15 °C (whenfrozen once)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 9. Standard/Guidance Document Reference

Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline-Second Edition. CLSI (NCCLS) document EP05-A2, Vol 24, No. 25, August 2004.

Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantification; Approved Guideline. CLSI (NCCLS) document EP17-A, vol 24, No. 34, October 2004.

Method Comparison and Bias estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline—Second Edition. CLSI (NCCLS) document EPO9-A2-IR, Vol 30, No. 17, July 2010.

Use of Symbols on Labels and in Labeling of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices Intended for Professional Use: Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, November 2004.

Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline—Second Edition.   
CLSI (NCCLS) document EP07-A2, Vol 25, No. 27, November 2005.

Evaluation of the Linearity of the Measurement of Quantitative Procedures: a Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline. CLSI (NCCLS) document EPO6-A, Vol 23, No. 16, April 2003.

# 10 Test Principle:

Creatininase hydrolyzes creatinine in sample to creatine. Creatine is hydrolyzed by creatinase to sarcosine and urea. Sarcosine is then oxidized by sarcosine oxidase to produce hydrogen peroxide (H2O2). H202 reacts with 4-amino-antipyrine (4-AAP) and EHSPT (N-Ethyl-N-2(-Hydroxy-3-Sulfopropyl)- $\mathbf { \nabla } m$ Toluidine) under the catalytic action of peroxidase to form a colored quinoneimine. The absorbance of the quinoneimine at $5 4 6 n m$ is proportional to the concentration of creatinine in the sample.

Creatininase Creatinine + H2O Creatine Creatinase Creatine + H20 > Sarcosine $^ +$ Urea Sarcosine oxidase . Sarcosine + O2 > Glycine $^ +$ HCHO + H2O2 Peroxidase H2O2 + EHSPT + 4-AAP > Quinoneimine

4-AAP: Amino-4-antipyrine EHSPT : N-Ethyl-N-2(-Hydroxy-3-Sulfopropyl)-m-Toluidine

# 11. Performance Characteristics - Analytical Performance

# a. Precision/Reproducibility

The precision of the device was determined in accordance with Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline—Second Edition. CLSI (NCCLS) document EP05-A2, Vol 24, No. 25, August 2004.

Within-run and total precision results were obtained by performing two runs per day, two measures per run, for 3 levels of samples on 2 instruments during twenty operating days according to CLSI EP05-A2 protocol. The results are presented in the table below:

# Precision

# Serum/Plasma

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Precision %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr></table>

# Urine

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Precision %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr></table>

# Linearity/assay reportable range

The linearity study of CREATININE PAP SL reagent was performed according to CLSI protocol EP06-A.

Serum/Plasma: From this study, a measuring range from 0.10 to 30 mg/dL has been determined.

Manual dilution 1 to 5 allows an upper linearity of CREATININE PAP SL reagent to 150 mg/dL.

Urine: From this study, a measuring range from 5 to 450 mg/dL has been determined.

# c. Traceability

For calibration, a multi-parametric calibrator named ELITech Clinical Systems ELICAL 2 (manufactured by ELITech Clinical Systems SAS under product code CALI-0580) must be Its value s acable o the ID-S sotoe Diutin Mass Spectey)eee method.

# d. Stability

# Real-time stabilities:

On board stability for the ELITech Clinical Systems CREATININE PAP SL was established by real time studies on the ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Analyzer. The on-board stability of the reagent is 28 days. The shelf-life of CREATININE PÁP SL reagent has been followed in the real time for 20 months on 3 different batches.

Serum control material is purchased from a commercial vendor (previously cleared under k041227). The following is claimed for stability: Before reconstitution, the shelf-life of the ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL I and ELITROL I is 24 months at $2 . 8 \%$ After reconstitution the stability is 12 hours when stored at $1 5 . 2 5 ^ { \circ } C$ ,5 days when stored at $2 . 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ or 4 weeks (when frozen once) at $\yen 25$ and $- 1 5 ^ { \circ } C$ .

Calibrator material is purchased from a commercial vendor (previously cleared under k033501). The following is claimed for stability: Before reconstitution, the shelf-life of ELITech Clinical Systems Elical 2 is stable 24 months at $2 . 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ After reconstitution the stability is 8 hours when stored at $1 5 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } C$ 2 days at $2 . 8 \%$ or 4 weeks (when frozen once) at $\boldsymbol { \cdot } 2 5 ^ { \circ }$ and $- 1 5 \textdegree$ The labeling stated that the Elical 2 should be stored tightly capped and protected from light when not in use.

Urine control material is purchased from commercial vendor (preciously cleared under k020817). The following is claimed for stability: ELITech Clinical Systems URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL is stable 10 months at $2 . 8 \%$ After opening, each control is stable for 30 days when stored tightly closed at $2 . 8 \%$ .

# d. Stability (continued)

Creatinine values may gradually decrease over the product shelf life. Individual laboratory means may eventually fall outside of the corresponding ranges indicated in the value sheet included in the kit.

# Value Assignment

Elitrol I and II are value assigned using multiple ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra ProM Series Analyzers. Each sample is tested in triplicate over several days. The target value of Level I and Il are the median of the observed values range. After validation of the target value, a confidence range (high and low values) is then calculated.

Elical 2 is tested against predetermined values on one ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra ProM Series Analyzers using the CREATININE PAP SL reagent and 2 levels of quality control material.The mean analyte value is calculated and a target value is assigned.

URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL value is assigned using multiple ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Series Analyzers. The target value of Level I and Il are the median of the observed values range. After validation of the target value, a confidence range (high and low values) is then calculated.

# e.Detection limit

Determined according to CLSl protocol EP17-A (Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantification; Approved Guideline).

# Serum/Plasma

Limit of Detection (LoD) of CREATININE PAP SL obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples with a low concentration of analyte (approximately $4 \times \mathsf { L o B } \approx 0 . 0 4 \mathrm { \ m g / d L } )$ is 0.02 mg/dL.

Limit of Quantification (LoQ) of CREATININE PAP SL obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples at nominal concentration 0.08 md/dL is $0 . 0 8 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# Urine

Limit of Detection (LoD) of CREATININE PAP SL obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples with a low concentration of analyte is $0 . 5 m g / d L$ .

Limit of Quantification (LoQ) of CREATININE PAP SL obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples is 2.0 mg/dL.

# fInterference/analytical specificity

Interferences due to unconjugated bilirubin, conjugated bilirubin, triglycerides, hemoglobin, ascorbic acid, uric acid, glucose, methyl-dopa, L-dopa, calcium dobesilate and creatine were investigated following the recommended sample levels in CLSI EP07-A2 protocol (Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline - Second Edition). The results of testing interferences are the following:

# Serum/Plasma

Concentration up to 30.0 mg/dL unconjugated bilirubin, 3000 mg/dL triglycerides, 500 mg/dL hemoglobin, 20.0 mg/dL Uric acid, 500 mg/dL Glucose, 20 mg/dL Ascorbic acid, 5 mg/dL Creatine, 14.8 mg/dL Conjugated bilirubin do not show any significant interference for each substance.   
Methyl-dopa, L-dopa and Calcium dobesilate induce falsely low results at therapeutic concentrations.   
In very rare cases, monoclonal gammopathies (multiple myeloma), in particular IgM type (Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia) can cause unreliable results.

# Urine

Concentration up to 29.5 mg/dL Conjugated bilirubin, 500 mg/dL Hemoglobin, $2 0 m g / d L$ Ascorbic acid, 50.0 mg/dL Calcium dobesilate, 539 mg/dL Glucose, 10 mg/dL Methyldopa do not show any significant interference for each substance.

The following statement will also be included in the labeling:

Other compounds may interfere. Users should refer to the two following literature references:   
-Young, D. S., Effects of preanalytical variables on clinical laboratory tests, $2 ^ { n d }$ Ed., AACC Press, (1997).   
-Young, D.S., Effects ofdrugs on clinical laboratory tests, $4 ^ { n }$ Ed., AACC Press, (1995). -Berth, M. & Delanghe, J. Protein precipitation as a possible important pitfall in the clinical chemistry analysis of blood samples containing monoclonal immunoglobulins: 2 case reports and a review of literature, Acta Clin Belg., (2004), 59, 263.

# 12. Performance Characteristics - Comparison Studies

a.Method comparison

# Serum/Plasma

A correlation study was performed between CREATININE PAP SL. reagent on.a Selectra Pro Series Analyzer and Roche Diagnostics CREP2 (Creatinine Plus ver 2) reagent on a cobas c111 analyzer according to CLSI EP09-A2 protocol (Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline - Second edition).

This study was performed using 100 serum patient samples from 0.10 to 30.1 mg/dL over a span of 5 days.

Regression analysis of the results yielded the following:

$y = 0 . 9 7 9 x + 0 . 0 5 ~ \mathsf { m g / d L } .$   
$r = 1 . 0 0 0$ EY   
$\mathsf { r } ^ { 2 } = \mathsf { 1 } . 0 0 0$   
Standard error of the estimate $\mathbb { S } \mathbb { y } . \mathbb { x } = 0 . 0 9 \mathbb { m } { \bf g } / \mathbb { d L }$ .

# Urine

54 urine patient samples ranging from 3 to $4 1 3 \ m g / \ d H L$ , were tested on Selectra Pro Series Analyzer according to CLSI protocol EP09-A2 (Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline - Second edition).

Regression analysis of the results yielded the following:

$\begin{array} { l } { y = 1 . 0 6 3 x + 2 \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d L } } \\ { . \mathsf { r } = 1 . 0 0 0 } \\ { \mathsf { r } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 9 } \end{array}$ Standard error of the estimate Sy.x $\mathbf { \lambda } : \mathbf { \vec { = } { \mathbf { 4 } } }$ mg/dL

# b. Comparison study: Matrix comparison

43 plasma patients (in lithium heparin samples, ranging from 0.11 to $3 0 . 2 3 ~ \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d L }$ , were tested on a Selectra Pro Series Analyzer according to CLSI protocol EP09-A2 (Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline - Second edition).

Regression analysis of the results yielded the following:

$y = 0 . 9 8 1 x + 0 . 0 3 \mathrm { m g / d L }$   
$\mathsf { r } = 1 . 0 0 0$ EY   
$\mathsf { r } ^ { 2 } = 1 . 0 0 0$   
Standard error of the estimate $\mathbb { S } y . x = 0 . 0 9 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } } .$

# C. Expected values/Reference Range

As indicated in the instructions for use for CREATININE PAP SL, each laboratory should establish and maintain its own reference values. The values given are used as guidelines only.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Men</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Woman</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Serum/ Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72-1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55 - 1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64 -104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49 -90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>. μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 - 26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 -20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL/kg/24h</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124 -230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97 -177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>µmol/L/kg/24h</td></tr></table>

These reference values are from:   
Newman, D.J., Price C.P., Tietz Fundamentals of Clinical Chemistry. $5 \textcircled { \scriptsize { 1 } }$ Ed., Burtis, C.A. & Ashwood, E.R. (W.B. Saunders eds. Philadelphia USA), (2001), 414.   
Ceniott, F., Reference Intervals for Serum Creatinine Concentrations: Assessment of Available Data for Global Application. Clin. Chem.. (2008), 54, 559.

dClinical Studies: Not applicable

# eClinical Cut-off:

Not applicable

# 13. Conclusion

The information on the principle and performance of our device that is contained in this premarket notification is complete and supports a decision that our device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# January 3, 2014

ELITECH GROUP  
DEBRA K. HUTSON  
DIRECTOR, RA/QA, NORTH AMERICA  
21720 23RD DR S.E., SUITE 150  
BOTHELL WA 98021

Re: K132399 Trade/Device Name: ELITech Clinical Systems Creatinine PAP SL ELITech Clinical Systems ELICAL 2 ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL I and ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL II ELITech Clinical Systems URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1225 Regulation Name: Creatinine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JFY, JIX, JJY Dated: December 4, 2013 Received: December 5, 2013

Dear Ms. Hutson:

We have reviewed your Section $\pmb { 5 } \mathbf { l 0 ( k ) }$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The gal controls provisions  the Act incude reuiementsor nnual gistration, list devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class 1I (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements.

Page 2—Ms. Hutson

as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.lhtm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

ELTEIA i Care settings.

calculation basis for measuring other urine analytes.

ELITech Clinical Systems methods on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.

ET quantitative ELTech Clinical Systems methods on ELITech Clinical Systems Selcctra Pro Series Analyzers.

ETCRINE ONTROLBEVEL v v S Cl  S Analyzers.