K132288

# 510(k) Summary

(As required by 21 CFR 807.92)

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Introduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following informationprovides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination ofsubstantial equivalence.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of 510(k)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Special 510(k)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SubmitterInformation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">i-SENS, Inc.27-36, Gwangun-ro, Nowon-gu, Seoul 139-845, KoreaTel.) +82-33-903-0767Fax) +82-33-748-6191e-mail: cylim@i-sens.comContact Person: Chae Yun Lim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared Date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">July 22, 2013</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device NameandClassification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade name: CareSens N Voice Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring SystemCommon name: Blood Glucose Test SystemClassification product code: NBW, CGARegulation number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Glucose Test SystemClassification panel: 75, ChemistryDevice class: Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceInformation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device name: CareSens N Voice Blood Glucose Monitoring System510(k) number: k121133</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceDescription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CareSens N Voice Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (BGMS) consistsof a multi use blood glucose meter, test strips, and control solutions with twodifferent glucose concentrations ("Control A" and "Control B" ranges, soldseparately).The CareSens N Voice Multi BGMS are based on an electrochemical biosensortechnology (electrochemical). The System measures the glucose level in wholeblood samples using a small electrical current generated in the test strips.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CareSens N Voice Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended forthe quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samplesdrawn from the fingertips and alternative sites such as the forearm, palm, thigh,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">and calf. Alternative site testing should be used only during steady-state bloodglucose conditions. The system is intended for use outside the body (in vitro) andis intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid tomonitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The system is only used with auto-disabling, single use lancing device. It is not intended for use on neonates and isnot for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes.The CareSens N Multi Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the CareSens N.Voice Multi Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in freshcapillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison tothe PredicateDevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The candidate device and the predicate device consist of the same meter and teststrips. And the measurement principle, fundamental scientific technology,operating ranges, and performance characteristics of the candidate device are thesame as those of the predicate device. However, they have separate names becauseof the different indications for use (single- vs. multiple-patient use). Also, thereare some label changes made in accordance with the changed indications for use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative, Amperometric method, Glucose oxidase (Aspergillus sp.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The reagent on the test strip produces a small electrical current using glucose as asubstrate in the blood sample. The meter converts electrical current to glucoseconcentration.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Summary ofPre-cleaningand Disinfection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The device is intended for multiple patients use in a professional healthcaresetting. Disinfection study was performed on the meter by an outside commercialtesting service to evaluate effectiveness of disinfectant, CLOROX GERMICIDALWipes (EPA Reg. No: 67619-12), in preventing the spread of blood-bornepathogens, using hepatitis B virus (HBV). The results demonstrated completeinactivation of live virus inoculated on the materials of the meter.We have also demonstrated that 10,950 each of cleaning and disinfection cyclesfor meter with the same disinfectant designed to simulate 3 years of multiple-patient use has no effect on the performance or the external materials of the meter.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conclusion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Based on the submitted information in this premarket notification, thecandidate device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Further,the candidate device has met the performance, safety, and effectiveness of thedevice for its intended use.</td></tr></table>

# November 22, 2013

I-SENS, INC.   
CHAE YUN LIM   
27-36 GWANGUN-RO, NOWON-GU SEOUL 139-845   
KOREA

Re: K132288 Trade/Device Name: CareSens N Voice Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX Dated: October 23, 2013 Received: October 28, 2013

Dear Chae Yun Lim:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I1 (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intemet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 80.9. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.Ihtm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Interet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Enclosure

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for.Use Form

$5 1 0 ( k )$ Number (if known): K132288

Device Name: CareSens N Voice Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The CareSens N Voice Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites such as the forearm, palm, thigh, and calf. Alternative site. testing should be used only during steady-state blood glucose conditions. The system is intended for use outside the body (in viro) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The system is only used with auto-disabling, single use lancing device. It is not intended for use on neonates and is not for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes.

The CareSens N Multi Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the CareSens N Voice Multi Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites.

The meter has a speaking function but it is not intended for use by the visually impaired persons.

Prescription Use AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE-ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)