# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510k) substantial equivalence is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

Prepared: Submitter: Address:

NOV 2 0 2013

# Contact:

# Device Name:

Device Classification:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JQP - Calculator/data processingmodule for clinical use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.2100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75, Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW - system, test, bloodglucose, over the counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75, Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# Predicate Device:

WaveSense Diabetes Manager application (WDM), K101597

# Device Description:

The AgaMatrix Health Manager (app) is an optional software accessory for blood glucose meters manuactured by AgaMatrixItis a digital logbook anddiabetes tool designed toperate usi a iPhone or iPod touch. An individual can manually enter blood glucose readings or can download readings directly to the app installed on an iPhone or iPod touch from the AgaMatrix meter by using the AgaMai able ct he meer  tecor the hon  odtouc.The ap wilw the user to manually enter carbohydrate, insulin, and weight information.

Users will have the ability to have their data from the AgaMatrix Health Manager automatically uploaded to the AgaMatrix Health Manager cloud portal for back-up. The cloud portal will enable access to the health information in a web browser. Users will have the ability to create and edit their profile, set goals, and download their information as a .csv file.

# Labeling:

The AgaMatrix Health Manager User's guide has been updated for clarity to include the images and instructions for the updated user interface, as well as instructions for the added features of user weight tracking, data back-up to the cloud and emailing from the cloud. See Attachment I for the AgaMatrix Health Manager User's Guide.

# Intended Use:

ThM Hal   e W Diabetes Manager App in 510(k) premarket notification k101597) except the AgaMatrix Health Manager is intended for use in the home and not in a professional setting. The proposed indications for use are:

The AgaMatrix Health Manager is intended for use in the home to aid individuals with diabetes and ther healthare proessinalshereviw, analysi nd evaluati  blood luce tet rests o support an effective diabetes management program. The AgaMatrix Health Manager App is an optional data management software accessory that connects to AgaMatrix blood glucose meters.

The AgaMatrix Health Manager is not intended to provide automated treatment guidance or decisions;   
nor is it to be used as a substitute for professional healthcare judgment.

# Technological Characteristics:

There wereo changes the fndamental scientifictechnolgy.

# Comparison to Predicate:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Substantial Equivalence Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WaveSense Diabetes Manager App(k101597) Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgaMatrix Health ManagerCandidate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The WaveSense Diabetes Manager App is intendedfor use in the home and professional settings to aidindividuals with diabetes and their healthcareprofessionals; in the review, analysis and evaluationof blood glucose test results to support an effectivediabetes management program. It is an optionaldata management software accessory for use withthe WaveSense enabled blood glucose meter(BGM) with a mini-USB port. The WaveSenseDiabetes Manager allows users to download bloodglucose reading automatically from the meter to aniPhone Operating System platform.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate except for use inthe home only.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Major Features of Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Where Used</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At home, single patient use and in a professionalsetting.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate except for use inthe home only.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating systemcompatibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible with iPhone Operating System platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Compatibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible with WaveSense enabled blood glucosemeters (BGM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Installation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Installation through Apple App Store</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Management Tools</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Logbook, Statistics, and Trend Charts</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same. Updated user interface.Added feature to track the user&#x27;sweight.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Backup andStorage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data stored on host Apple Device (locally) and isbacked up through iTunes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Local storage same as predicate,with optional backup to the secureremote server (AgaMatrix HealthManager cloud).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results and Reportssharing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Email data directly from the app</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same and view and email datafrom the cloud with authorizedlogin.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User ManualAvailability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accessed through the Application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# AgaMatrix Meter Clearance Information:

The AgaMatrix Diabetes Manager User's Guide references the proprietary names of the cleared devices compatible with the application. The table below summarizes the clearance information for all meters referenced in the User's Guide.

Blood Glucose Meter Clearance:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510k</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Names</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WAVESENSEKEYNOTECODELESSBLOODGLUCOSEMONITORINGSYSTEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K073573</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgaMatrix/WaveSense Presto Blood Glucose MeterAgaMatrix/WaveSense Presto Pro Blood Glucose Meter•Up &amp; Up Blood Glucose MeterKroger Blood Glucose MeterLeader Blood Glucose MeterMeijer Blood Glucose MeterTop Care Blood Glucose MeterDiabetes Care Club Presto Blood Glucose MeterLiberty Blood Glucose MeterLiberty Codeless Blood Glucose Meter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JAZZ BLOODGLUCOSEMONITORINGSYSTEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K072413</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•AgaMatrix/WaveSense Jazz Blood Glucose Meter•Up &amp; Up Premium Blood Glucose MeterKroger Premium Blood Glucose MeterLeader Premium Blood Glucose MeterMeijer Premium Blood Glucose MeterTop Care Premium Blood Glucose Meter</td></tr></table>

# Assessment of Performance:

Veriicat nvaliion t euccesfuly ecu aMari HealhMan determined acceptance criteria were met, demonstrating that the device performs appropriately per defined specifications, meets all input requirements, fulfills the device's intended use, and correctly incorporates all required safety mitigations. Results demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate system.

A usability study was performed with the AgaMatrix Health Manager (see Attachment 2). Users evaluated data transmission with the AgaMatrix Cable to upload data from a supported AgaMatrix blood glucose meters (Jazz and Presto). Users evaluated uploading, reviewing and managing meter readings in the AgaMatrix Health Manager for ease of use. Users demonstrated the ability to successfully register for a cloud account. Data transmission accuracy and integrity was demonstrated through download comparison between meter to application and application to cloud (csv. file).

Users had to confirm that $100 \%$ of the readings downloaded from the meter to the AgaMatrix Health Meter and the study evaluators conirmed that $1 0 0 \%$ ohereadngs uploadd o the coud back up account. The study confirmed that the system is $100 \%$ accuracy with respect to data accuracy and integrity when used by the intended population.

# Conclusion:

The results the performance assessments demonstrate that the candidate AgaMatrix Health Manager performs in a substantially equivalent manner to that of the predicate. We conclude that the AgaMatrix Health Manager is substantially equivalent the predicate devices.

# November 20. 2013

AGAMATRIX, INC. WILLIAM H. McGRAIL 7C RAYMOND AVE SALEM NH 03079

Rc: K132821 Trade/Device Name: AgaMatrix Health Manager Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, JQP Dated: October 21, 2013 Received: October 23, 2013

Dear Mr. McGrail:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \boldsymbol { \mathrm { k } } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally markcted predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment dale of the Medical Device Amendments, or lo devices that have been reclassifid in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include rcquirements or annual registration, listing of devices. good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, thal device labcling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classiied (see above) into cither class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not linited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical devicc-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as sct forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Mr. McGrail

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-frec number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intemet address htp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by refercnce to premarket notification" (21CFR Part .9or quess regardg theeportng  vee evets under th R ulatin 1 CFR Part 803), pleasc go to   
htp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safcty/ReportaProblem/default.htum for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilitics under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C Benson -S iv for !? 5 .:

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D:   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): k132821

Device Name: AgaMatrix Health Manager

Indications for Use: AgaMatrix Health Manager

The AgaMatrix Health Manager is intended for single patient use. It is an accessory to blood glucose monitoring systems to assist in the review, analysis and evaluation of glucose results to aid in diabetes and health management. The AgaMatrix Health Manager collects data from AgaMatrix manufactured glucose meters and allows adding, editing, and viewing additional health data. The AgaMatrix Health Manager is not intended to provide automated treatment gudance o decisins, or is t to e used s a substitute r professional healtcareve.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Devices and Radiologic Health (OIR)