# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and Elecsys CK-MB Immunoassays

# Date prepared:

October 17, 2013

# Purpose of submission

Roche Diagnostics hereby submits this $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ to provide FDA with notification of intent to market a new device named Elecsys CK-MB Gen.4 reagent. All data in this submission was generated using the CK-MB STAT assay on the cobas e 41 1 analyzer as indicated. Method comparison data is included for the CK-MB STAT and CK-MB (18-minute) assay, as well as CK-MB STAT and Predicate device.

This candidate device is a new reagent that was developed by Roche Diagnostics. The previous generation of reagent, CK-MB STAT, was cleared in 510(k) K022654 and serves as the predicate device. The candidate and predicate devices use the same calibrator and controls. Only the reagentsdiffer. This submission presents data to support clearance of this new reagent.

# Measurand

# CK-MB

# Type of test

Quantitative colorimetric method; Cpk or Isoenzymes

# Applicant

Kelli Turner   
Roche Diagnostics   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250   
Telephone: (317) 521-4515   
Fax: (317) 521-2324   
Email: Kelli.Turner@Roche.com

# Candidate device names

# Proprictary name:

(1) Elecsys CK-MB STAT Immunoassay ) Elecsys CK-MB Immunoassay

# Common name:

(1) CK-MB STAT Immunoassay () CK-MB Immunoassay

# ${ \displaystyle 5 1 0 ( { \bf k } ) }$ Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and Elecsys CK-MB Immunoassays, Continued

Regulatory information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JHY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1215(Creatinephosphokinase/creatinekinase or isoenzymes testsystem)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr></table>

Contined on next page

# $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and Elecsys CK-MB Immunoassays, Continued

# Intended use

CK-MB STAT Reagent and CK-MB Reagent have the same intended uses:

Immunoassay for the in vilro quantitative determination of the MB isoenzyme of creatine kinase in human serum and plasma. Measurements of the MB isoenzyme of creatinine kinase are used as an aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Indications for use

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of the MB isoenzyme of creatine kinase in human serum and plasma. Measurements of the MB isoenzyme of creatinine kinase are used as an aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Special   
conditions for   
use

For prescription use only

Special instrument requirements

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Candidate device deseription

The CK-MB STAT Assay and the CK-MB Assay are two-step sandwich immunoassays with streptavidin microparticles and   
electrochemiluminescence detection. Results are determined using a calibration curve that is generated specifically on each instrument by a 2- point calibration and a master curve (5-point-calibration) provided with the reagent bar code.

The CK-MB STAT application is identical to the CK-MB assay, with the only difference being the length of incubation (9 minutes vs. 18 minutes).

# ${ \bar { \bf 5 } } 1 0 ( { \bf k } )$ Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and Elecsys CK-MB Immunoassays, Continued

Predicate device

Roche Diagnostics claims substantial equivalence to CK-MB, 3rd generation, immunoassay, cleared in K022654.

Continued on next page

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and Elecsys CK-MB Immunoassays, Continued

Substantial equivalence - similarities

There are tiwo tables in this summary:

The first table compares the CK-MB STAT generation 4 immunoassay (Master Assay) with the predicate device.

The second table exhibits the comparison between CK-MB STAT generation 4 immunoassay to the CK-MB 18-minute generation 4 immunoassay.

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, continued

Comparison of Assays, Similaritics and Differences

Table 1 CK-MB STAT ${ \mathfrak { z } } ^ { \mathrm { r f } }$ Generation vs. CK-MB STAT 4h Generation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Elecsys 3rdGeneration CK-MB STAT Assay(K022654)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4th Generation CK-MB STAT Assay(modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Assay Features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUsc/Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoassay for the in vilroquantitative determination of MBisoenzyme of creatine kinase in humanserum and plasma. Measurements ofthe MB isoenzyme of creatine kinaseare used as an aid in the diagnosis ofmyocardial infarction.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayProtocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-step Sandwich assay usingbiotinylated and ruthenium labeledantibodies and streptavidinmicroparticles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionProtocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ElectrochemiluminescentImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Applications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STAT application (noted as CK-MBSTAT in the labeling) and 18-minuteapplication (noted as CK-MB in thelabeling).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STAT application (noted as CK-MBSTAT in the labeling)</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued Table 1 CK-MB STAT ${ \mathfrak { z } } ^ { \ r { \mathrm { r d } } }$ Generation vs. CK-MB STAT 4th Generation, continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison              :</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Elecsys 3rdGeneration CK-MB STAT Assay       (K022654)            n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 Generation CK-MB STAT Assay(modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>$\}                         General Assay Features7.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentPlatform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Elecsys 2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche cobas e 411</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and plasma treated withK3-EDTA, lithium heparin, sodiumheparin and Na-citrate plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and plasma treated withK2-EDTA, K3-EDTA, lithium heparinand sodium heparin plasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich principle. Total duration ofassay: 9 minutes..Ist incubation: 15 μL of sample, abiotinylated monoclonal anti-CK-MBantibody, and a monoclonal CK-MB-specific antibody labeled with aruthenium complex react to form asandwich complex.2nd incubation: After addition ofstreptavidin-coated microparticles,the complex becomes bound to thesolid phase via interactionof biotin and streptavidin.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-MB STAT CalSet (CK-MB Calsetfor 18-minute assay)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, continued

Comparison of Assays-Similarities and Differences, continued Table 1 CK-MB STAT $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Generation vs. CK-MB STAT 4th Generation, continued   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">:.&#x27; &quot;;</td><td colspan="2">&quot;Assay Comparison 3</td></tr><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Predicate Device: Elecsys 3rd. Generation CK-MB STAT Assay</td><td>4 Generation CK-MBSTAT Assay</td><td>(modified) </td><td colspan="2">(K022654)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">.5 General Assay Features 5 5 - Calibration Calibration must be performed once Calibration must be performed once Interval per reagent lot using fresh reagent per reagent lot using fresh reagent (i.e.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td>(i.e. not more than 24 hours since the reagent kit was registered on the analyzer). Renewed calibration is recommended as follows: Elecsys 2010 analyzers: using the same reagent lot.</td><td>After 1 month (28 days) when</td><td>not more than 24 hours since the reagent kit was registered on the analyzer). Renewed calibration is recommended as follows: cobas e 411 analyzers: After 1 month (28 days) when using the same reagent lot.</td></tr><tr><td>After 7 days (when using the • same reagent kit on the analyzer).</td><td>analyzer).</td><td>After 7 days (when using the same reagent kit on the</td></tr><tr><td>Controls</td><td>specified limits</td><td>As required: e.g. quality control findings outside the</td><td>As required: e.g. quality control findings outside the specified limits</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, contimued   
Table 1 CK-MB STAT ${ \mathfrak { z } } ^ { \mathbf { r d } }$ Generation vs. CK-MB STAT 4h Generation, continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Elecsys 3rdGeneration CK-MB STAT Assay(K022654)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41th Generation CK-MB STATAssay (modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General assay features                        ;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability /Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The linearity of the CK-MB STATassay was improved by using humanrecombinant CK-MB from Seradyn.The test was standardized against theprevious Elecsys CK-MB STAT assayin the range of 0-20.0 ng/mL; thisleads to up to a 30% reduction of thetest results in the range of 20-500ng/mL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CK-MB STAT assay istraceable to the Abbott IMx CK-MB assay and linearized usinghuman recombinant CK-MB fromSeradyn.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:2-8°C - Up to the stated expirationdateOpened 2-8°C - 12 wecksOn Analyzers - 8 weeks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:2-8°C - Up to the stated expirationdateOpened 2-8°C - 12 weeksOn Analyzers - 6 weeks</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued   
Table 1 CK-MB STAT $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Generation vs. CK-MB STAT 4h Generation, contimed   

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td>Feature $</td><td>Predicate Device: Elecsys 3rd Generation CK-MB STATAssay (K022654)</td><td></td><td>4h Generation CK-MB STAT Assay (modified)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Labeled Performance Characteristies. ; 57</td></tr><tr><td>$\fra}$ Measuring Range</td><td>0.1-500 ng/mL</td><td>1-300 ng/mL cobas e 411:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Precision</td><td>Elecsys 2010: Within-run (will be labeled Repeatability) 1.5% CV @ 5.77 ng/mL 2.1% CV @ 12.4 ng/mL 1.8% CV @ 39.7 ng/mL 1.9% CVPCI @ 5.86 ng/mL 1.9% CVPC2 @ 53.1 ng/mL Total (will be labeled Intermediate) 2.3% CV @ 5.77 ng/mL 2.6% CV @ 12.4 ng/mL 2.3% CV @ 39.7 ng/nL 2.4% CVPCI @ 5.86 ng/mL 2.7% CVPC2 53.1 ng/mL</td><td colspan="2">Within-run (will be labeled Repeatability) 1.2% CV @ 5.46 ng/mL 1.3% CV @ 29.5 ng/mL 1.3% CV @ 93.5 ng/mL 1.5% CV @ 301 ng/mL 0.06 SDPCT@ 4.44 ng/mL 1.4% CVPc2@ 57.9 ng/mL Total (will be labeled Intermediate) 2.5% CV @ 5.46 ng/mL 4.2% CV @ 29.5 ng/mL 4.1% CV @ 93.5 ng/mL 3.3% CV @ 301 ng/mL 0.12 SDC 4.44 ng/ml 3.0% CVPC2 @ 57.9 ng/mL Precision testing was completed over 21 days. according to CLSI EP5-A2, utilizing human serum samples and PreciControl Cardiac II.</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Sensitivity</td><td>Lower Detection Limit : &lt;0.100 ng/ml</td><td>Limit of Blank (LoB): = 0.1 ng/ml Limit of Detection (LoD): = 0.3 ng/ml Limit of Quantitation (LoQ): = 1 ng/ml Established according to CLSI EP17- A</td><td></td></tr></table>

PC1 $\eqsim$ PreciControl Cardiac 1 $\mathrm { P C } 2 { \cdot } = 1$ PreciControl Cardiac 2

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued Table 1 CK-MB STAT ${ \mathfrak { z } } ^ { \mathbf { r d } }$ Generation vs. CK-MB STAT 4h Generation, continued   

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td>Feature -</td><td colspan="3">. Predicate Device: Elecsys 3rd 4th Generation CK-MB STAT Assay Generation CK-MB STAT Assay modified)</td></tr><tr><td>: Bt</td><td colspan="3">(K022654) Labeled Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Analytical Analyte</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Specificity</td><td>CK-MM</td><td>Reactivity None</td><td rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>CK-BB</td><td>0.10%</td></tr><tr><td>Hook Effect</td><td colspan="2">There is no high-dose hook effect at CK-MB concentrations up to 5000 ng/ml</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Limitations</td><td colspan="2">The assay is unaffected by: Hemoglobin &lt;1.5 g/dL. Bilirubin &lt; 34 mg/dL Intralipid &lt; 1,500 mg/dL Biotin &lt; 100 ng/mL Rheumatoid factors ≤ 1,500 1U/mL In vitro tests were performed on 50 commonly used pharmaceuticals. No interference with the assay was found. In rare cases, interference due to extremely high titers of antibodies to analyte-specific antibodies. streptavidin or ruthenium can occur. These effects are minimized by suitable test design. For diagnostic purposes, the results should always be assessed in conjunction with the patient&#x27;s medical history, clinical examination and other findings.</td><td>Bilirubin ≤ 34 mg/dL Intralipid ≤ 1,500 mg/dL Biotin ≤ 30 ng/mL Rheumatoid factors ≤ 1,500 1U/mL IgG ≤ 7 g/dl IgM ≤ 1 g/dl IgA ≤ 1.6 g/dl Serum Albumin ≤ 20 g/dl In vitro tests were performed on 51 commonly used pharmaceuticals. No interference with the assay was found. In rare cases, interference due to • extremely high titers of antibodies to analyte-specific antibodies, streptavidin or ruthenium can occur. These effects are minimized by suitable test design. For diagnostic purposes, the resulis should always be assessed in conjunction with the- patient&#x27;s medical history. clinical examination and other findings. These limitations were established by testing performed with one human serum</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, continued

# Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued

Table 1 CK-MB STAT $\boldsymbol { \mathsf { \mathbf { 3 } } } ^ { \mathsf { r } \mathsf { d } }$ Generation vs. CK-MB STAT 4h Generation, contined   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=13>Immunoassay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Predicate Device: Elecsys 3rdGeneration CK-MB STAT Assay(K022654)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>4&quot; Generation CK-MB STATAssay (modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=13>Labeled Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>MethodComparisonperformed onSerumSamples</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=12>n=165                 Passing/Bablok         LinearMin = 1.08 ng/ml                                 RegressionMax = 283 ng/mlSlope                          1.053                1.067Intercept                      -0.525                -0.740Tau/r                          0.982                0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>n=165</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Passing/Bablok</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Min = 1.08 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Max = 283 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>1.053</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>-0.525</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Tau/r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>0.982</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>ClinicalStudy/ReferenceRangeStudy</td><td></td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>Median</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>97.5thpercentile(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>99thpercentile(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99thpercemile(ng/ml)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AllSubjects</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.34</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>568</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.36</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>Subjectswith noSelf-reportedriskfactors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.30</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Women</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.77</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>7.70</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Men</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=7></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Subjects represented &quot;apparently hearthealthy&quot; population with exclusion ofsubjects with known poor cardiac healthor known peripheral vascular diseaseonly.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, continued

# Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued

# Matrix Comparison

Sodiun-heparin, lithium-heparin, K2-EDTA. and K3-EDTA are permissible anticoagulants for use with this reagent because they do not interfere with recovery of CK-MB. In an internal study. 35 tubes were collected per anticoagulant. Plasma results were compared to serum results and percent recovery was determined. In terms of percent recovery, all data passed the following criteria:

• Slope: 0.9-1.1   
• Coefficient of correlation: Pearson $r > ~ 0 . 9 5$   
$\bullet$ Intercept: $\leq \pm 0 . 1 5$ For single sample pairs: $1 0 0 \% \pm 2 0 \%$ based on reference

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ConcentrationRange Tested (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claimed Measuring Range(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na-heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.46-297.83</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>1.00 - 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li-heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39-244.83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K2-EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58-299.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K3-EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56-291.89</td></tr></table>

In addition, method comparisons with plasma vs. serum were calculated with the following results:

Serum vs. Na-heparin Plasma : P/B: $\mathtt { y } = 0 . 9 9 4 \mathtt { x } + ( - 0 . 0 1 0 0 ) , \mathtt { r } = 0 . 9 9 9 \mathtt { 7 }$ Serum vs. Li-heparin Plasma: P/B ${ \mathrm { ; ~ y = 0 . 9 9 6 0 x + ( 0 . 0 0 4 5 ) , r = 0 . 9 9 9 6 } }$ Serum vs. $\aleph _ { 2 }$ -EDTA Plasina: $\mathrm { P / B } ; \ y = 1 . 0 2 0 \mathrm { x } + ( - 0 . 0 0 8 2 ) . \ \mathrm { r } = 0 . 9 9 9 9$ Serum vs. $\mathsf { K } _ { 3 }$ -EDTA Plasma: $\mathbb { P } / \updownarrow 3 \colon \ y = 0 . 9 8 \& + ( - 0 . 0 1 \mid 5 ) , \tau = 0 . 9 9 9 8$

Table 2 4th Generation STAT vs. 4th Gencration 18-Minute   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4th Generation CK-MB STAT Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41h Generation CK-MB 18-Minuteassay(modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Assay Features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoassay for the in vitroquantitative determination of MBisoenzyme of creatine kinase in humanserum and plasma. Measurements ofthe MB isoenzyme of creatine kinaseare used as an aid in the diagnosis ofmyocardial infarction.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayProtocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two step Sandwich assay usingbiotinylated and ruthenium labeledantibodies and streptavidinmicroparticles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionProtocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ElectrochemiluminescentImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Applications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STAT application (noted as CK-MBSTAT in the labeling)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-minute application (noted as CK-MB in the labeling).</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued

Table 2 4th Generation STAT vs. 4h Generation 18-Minute, continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4th Generation CK-MB STAT Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4th Generation CK-MB 18-minuteassay(modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Assay Features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentPlatform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche cobas e 411</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and plasma treated withK2-EDTA, K3-EDTA, lithium heparinand sodium heparin plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich principle. Total duration ofassay: 9 minutes.1st incubation: 15 μL of sample, abiotinylated monoclonal anti-CK-MBantibody, and a monoclonal CK-MB-specific antibody labcled with aruthenium complex react to form asandwich complex.• 2nd incubation: After addition ofstreptavidin-coated microparticles,the complex becomes bound to thesolid phase via interactionof biotin and streptavidin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich principle. Total duration ofassay: 18 minutes.Ist incubation: 15 μl of sample, abiotinylated monoclonal anti-CK-MBantibody, and a monoclonal CK-MB-specific antibody labeled with aruthenium complex react to form asandwich complex.2nd incubation: After addition ofstreptavidin-coated microparticles,the complex becomes bound to thesolid phase via interactionof biotin and streptavidin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-MB STAT CalSet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-MB CalSet</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued Table 2 4th Generation STAT vs. 4th Generation 18-Minute, continued   

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>Assay Comparison,</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>-&#x27;</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Feature</td><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td colspan="3"></td><td>4 Generation CK-MB STAT</td><td colspan="3">4th</td><td>Gencration CK-MB 18-minute assay</td><td>:*</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>1 Calibration Interval</td><td colspan="4">Calibration must be performed once</td><td>Assay per reagent lot using fresh reagent</td><td colspan="3">General Assay Features-</td><td>Same</td><td></td><td>(modified f</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2"></td><td>(i.e. not more than 24 hours since the reagent kit was registered on the analyzer). Renewed calibration is recommended as follows: cobas e 411 analyzers: •</td><td>analyzer). 0</td><td>After 1 month (28 days) when using the same reagent lot. After 7 days (when using the same reagent kit on the</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Controls</td><td></td><td></td><td>Elecsys PreciControl Cardiac II</td><td>As required: e.g. quality control findings outside the specified limits</td><td></td><td>Same</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, contimed

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued

Table 2 4th Generation STAT vs. 4th Generation 18-Minute, continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay:Comparison                                                1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−-4 Generation CK-MB:STAT Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4th Generation CK-MB 18-MinuteAssay(modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>$                                               Generalfassay features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traccability /Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CK-MB STAT assay is traceableto the Abbott IMx CK-MB assay andlinearized using human recombinantCK-MB from Seradyn.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:2-8°C - Up to the stated expirationdateOpened 2-8°C - 12 weeksOn Analyzers - 6 weeks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, contined

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued Table 2 4th Generation STAT vs. 4th Generation 18-Minute, continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&#x27;     :           2-ir4th Generation CK-MB STAT Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41h Generation CK-MB 18-minuteassay(modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Labeled Performance Characteristics.                                  .</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Precisionaccording toCLSI EP5-A2</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>cobus e 411:Within-run (will be labeled Repeatability)1.2% CV @     5.46 ng/mL1.3% CV @     29.5 ng/mL1.3% CV @     93.5 ng/mL1.5% CV @     301 ng/mL0.06 SDPCT@   4.44 ng/mL1.4% CVPC:@ 57.9 ng/mLTotal (will be labeled Intermediate)2.5% CV @     5.46 ng/mL4.2% CV @     29.5 ng/mL4.1% CV @     93.5 ng/mL3.3% CV @     301 ng/mL0.12 SDP   4.44 ng/mL3.0% CVPC2@  57.9 ng/mLPrecision testing was completed over 2 1 days,according to CLSI EP5-A2, utilizing humanserum samples and PreciControl Cardiac II.</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>cobas e 411:Within-run (will be labeled Repeatability)1.3% CV @     5.27 ng/mL1.4% CV @     28.4 ng/ml.1.2% CV @     91.2 ng/ml1.3% CV @     297 ng/mL.0.06 SD&#x27;C@   4.25 ng/mL1.2% CVrc @ 54.7 ng/mLTotal (will be labeled Intermediate)2.0% CV @     5.27 ng/ml2.4% CV @     28.4 ng/mL2.6% CV @     91.2 ng/mL2.0% CV @     297 ng/ml0.10 SD&quot;CT@   4.25 ng/mL2.3% CVPC2@  54.7 ng/mlPrecision testing was completed over 21days, according to CLSI EP5-A2, utilizinghuman serum samples and PreciControlCardiac II.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4% CV @</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalSensitivityaccording toCLSI EP17-A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Blank (LoB): = 0.1 ng/mlLimit of Detection (LoD): = 0.3 ng/mlLimit of Quantitation (LoQ): = 1 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

PC1=PreciControl Cardiac 1 $1 ^ { 2 } C 2 { = } \Gamma$ PreciControl Cardiac 2

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued

Table 2 4th Generation STAT vs. 4th Generation 18-Minute, continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>commca</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>4                                     Assay Comparison  ...</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>:4th Generation CK-MB STAT Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4thGeneration CK-MB 18-minuteassaymodified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Labeled Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AnalyticalSpecificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactivity</td><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-MM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>none</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-BB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hook Effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>There is no high-dose hook effect atCK-MB concentrations up to 5000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>The assay is unaffected by:Hemoglobin ≤1000 mg/dL.Bilirubin ≤ 34 mg/dLIntralipid ≤ 1.500 mg/dLBiotin ≤ 30 ng/mLRheumatoid factors ≤ 1,500 1U/mLIgG ≤ 7 g/dlIgM ≤ | g/dlIgA ≤ 1.6 g/dlSerum Albumin ≤ 20 g/d1In vitro tests were performed on 51commonly used pharmaceuticals. Nointerference with the assay was found.In rare cases, interference due toextremely high titers of antibodies toanalyte-specific antibodies, streptavidinor ruthenium can occur. These effectsare minimized by suitable test design.For diagnostic purposes, the results shouldalways be assessed in conjunction with thepatient&#x27;s medical history, clinicalexamination and other findings.These limitations were established bytesting performed with one human serumsample containing low levels of CK-MBand one human serum sample containinghigh levels of CK-MB.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued

Table 2 4th Generation STAT vs. 4h Generation 18-Minute, continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Immunoassay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>4th Generation CK-MB STAT Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4th Generation CK-MB 18-minuteassay(modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Labeled Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n=115</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Passing/Bablok</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>LinearRegression</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min = 1.44 ng/ml</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max = 283 ng/ml</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.006</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.071</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tau/r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.985</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td></td></tr></table>

Description of Analytical Sensitivity according to CLSI EP17- A

The Limit of Blank, Limit of Detection and Limit of Quantitation were determined in accordance with the CLSI (Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute) EP17- A requirements.

The Limit of Blank is the 95th percentile value from ${ \mathfrak { n } } \geq 6 0$ measurements of analyte-free samples over several independent series. The Limit of Blank corresponds to the concentration below which analyte-free samples are found with a probability of $9 5 \ \%$ .

The Limit of Detection is determined based on the Limit of Blank and the standard deviation of low concentration samples. The Limit of Delection corresponds to the lowest analyte concentration which can be detected (value above the Limit of Blank with a probability of $9 5 \ \%$

The Limit of Quantitation is defined as the lowest amount of analyte in a sample that can be accurately quantitated with a total allowable error of $\leq 2 0 \%$ .

# 510(k) Summary Elecsys CK-MB STAT and CK-MB, continued

Standard/ Guidance Document Reference

In addition to FDA guidance regarding 510(k) submissions, the following standards were used for the performance studies.

Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline - Second Edition. CLSI document EP5-A2, Volume 24, No. 25, August 2004.

Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation; Approved Guideline. CLSI document EP 17-A. Volume 24, No. 34, October 2004.

Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline. CLSI document EP6- A, Volume 23, No. 16, April 2003.

The submitted information in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision.

# October 18, 2013

Roche Diagnostics   
C/O Kelli Turner   
9115 Hague Road   
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250-0416

Re: k132571 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys CK-MB STAT Immunoassay, Elecsys CK-MB Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1215 Regulation Name: Creatine phosphokinase/creatine kinase or isoenzymes test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JHY Dated: August 14, 2013 Received: August 15, 2013

Dear Ms. Turner:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements or annual registration, listing o device, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and aultrationlease o does ot evaluat nforation related  contact ly warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to htp://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffces/CDRH/CDRHOfices/ucml15809.htm for

Page 2—Ms. Turner

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part .9For questis egarding he portin ver ventsunder heDRgulai 21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:ww.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K132571

Device Name: Elecsys CK-MB STAT Immunoassay

Indications for Use:

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of the MB isoenzyme of creatine kinase in human serum and plasma. Measurements of the MB isoenzyme of creatinine kinase are used as an aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLlA" is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OlR)

Ruth A. Chesler -S

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K132571

Device Name: Elecsys CK-MB Immunoassay

Indications for Use:

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of the MB isoenzyme of creatine kinase in human serum and plasma. Measurements of the MB isoenzyme of creatinine kinase are used as an aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (O1R)

Ruth A. Chesler -S

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health

Page 2 of _2_