# 510(k) Summary Multichem S Plus / S Plus (Assayed) Control

# 1.0 Submitter:

# Submitter Contact:

Paula McCarthy   
Head of Quality and Regulatory Affairs   
Technopath   
Fort Henry Business Park   
Ballina, Co. Tipperary   
Ireland   
Telephone: $^ { + 3 5 3 }$ 61 335844   
Fax: $+ 3 5 3$ 61 203034   
Email: paula.mccarthy@techno-path.com Stephanie G. Garth   
Consultant   
Global Compliance Plus   
325 Big Elm St.   
Highland Village, TX 75077   
Telephone: 469-230-0959   
Email: globalcomplianceplus@yahoo.com

2.0 Date Submitted:

August 28, 2013

OCT 2 2 2013

# 3.0 Device Identification

Proprietary Names: Common Name: Classification: Product Code: Regulation Number:

Multichem S Plus / S Plus (Assayed)   
Multi-Analyte Controls, (Assayed and unassayed)   
Class 1, Reserved   
JJY   
21 CFR 862.1660

# 4.0 Legally Marketed Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-Predicate-                 ·:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer.i·</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Document.Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multichem S Plus / SPlus (Assayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Assayed Multiqual(Model #s 694, 695, 696, 695X)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-RadLaboratories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K043208</td></tr></table>

The Multichem S Plus / S Plus (Assayed) control is substantially equivalent to the Bio-Rad product listed above, currently in commercial distribution.

# 5.0 Device Description

The use of quality control material is indicated as an objective assessment of the precision of methods and techniques and is an integral part of good laboratory practices. Three levels of control are available to allow performance monitoring within the analytical range. There is no difference in the formulation or manufacturing procedure between Multichem S Plus and Multichem S Plus (Assayed). Both are multi-analyte assayed QC materials with the same foulaowvr, thee s  diffrenceny  te produc cais that e publishedto thess.

The following kit configurations are available:

Multichem S Plus (Assayed) Model 05P78-10 with Level 1 control; 12 vials with 5 mL contents Model 05P78-11 with Level 2 control; 12 vials with 5 mL contents Model 05P78-12 with Level 3 control; 12 vials with 5 mL contents

Multichem S Plus Model CH101PLA with Level I control; 15 vials with 10 mL contents Model CH102PLA with Level 2 control; 15 vials with $1 0 m L$ contents Model CH103PLA with Level 3 control; 15 vials with 10 mL contents

Each donor unit used in the preparation of the control material was tested by United States Fooc and Drug Administration (FDA) approved methods and found to be negative for antibodies to HIV and HCV, and non-reactive for HBsAg.

# 6.0 Intended Use

Multichem S Plus / S Plus (Assayed) control are intended for use as an assayed quality control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in the package insert.

Not:The following analytes are listed below in the table in section 7.0,in the package insert, and in the Indications for Use Form.

# 7.0 Comparison to the Predicate

Multichem S Plus / S Plus (Assayed) Plus control claims to be substantially equivalent to Liquid Assayed Multiqual. The controls have same/similar design and modes of operation. The key features are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Liquid AssayedMultiqual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device:Multichem S Plus /S Plus (Assayed) Controls</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid AssayedMultiqual is intended foruse as an assayed qualitycontrol serum to monitorthe precision oflaboratory testingprocedures for theanalytes listed in thepackage insert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multichem S Plus / S Plus (Assayed) control areintended for use as an assayed quality control serumto monitor the precision of laboratory testingprocedures for the analytes listed in the packageinsert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, Frozen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum based</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum based</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage(Closed/Shelf-Life)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20°C to -70°C Untilexpiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20° to -80°C Until expiration date</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Differences</td></tr><tr><td>Analytes</td><td>Multiqual</td><td>Multichem S Plus</td><td>Multichem S Plus (Assayed)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="12"></td><td>Acetaminophen</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Acetaminophen Alpha-1</td><td>Acetaminophen</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Acidglycoprotein</td><td>Alpha-1</td></tr><tr><td>Alpha-1-Antitripsin</td><td>Alpha-1 Antitrypsin</td><td>Acidglycoprotein Alpha-1 Antitrypsin</td></tr><tr><td>αHBDH</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Apolipoprotein A-I</td><td>Apolipoprotein A1</td><td>Apolipoprotein AI</td></tr><tr><td>Apolipoprotein B Alkaline Phosphatase</td><td>Apolipoprotein B Alkaline Phosphatase</td><td>Apolipoprotein B Alkaline Phosphatase</td></tr><tr><td>(ALP)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>ALT/SGPT</td><td>Alanine</td><td>Alanine</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Aminotransferase</td><td>Aminotransferase</td></tr><tr><td>Amikacin Amylase</td><td>Amikacin</td><td>Amikacin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Amylase</td><td>Amylase</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>AST/SGOT</td><td>Amylase, Pancreatic</td><td>Amylase, Pancreatic</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Aspartate</td><td>Aspartate</td></tr><tr><td>Acid Phosphatase</td><td></td><td>Aminotransferase</td><td>Aminotransferase</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin</td><td>Albumin</td><td>Acid Phosphatase</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Beta-2 Microglobulin</td><td>Albumin Beta-2 Microglobulin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Bile acids</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bilirubin, Direct Bilirubin, Neonatal</td><td>Bilirubin, Direct</td><td>Bilirubin, Direct</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bilirubin, Total</td><td>Bilirubin, Total</td><td>Bilirubin, Total</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>C3 Complement</td><td>Complement C3</td><td>Complement C3</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>C4 Complement</td><td>Complement C4</td><td>Complement C4</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Ceruloplasmin</td><td>Ceruloplasmin</td><td>Ceruloplasmin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Cholinesterase</td><td>Cholinesterase</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Copper</td><td>Calcium, Ionized</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Calcium, Total</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Carbamazepine</td><td>Calcium Carbamazepine</td><td>Calcium Carbamazepine</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Carbon Dioxide (CO2)</td><td>Carbon Dioxide</td><td>Carbon Dioxide</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Chloride</td><td>(Bicarbonate)</td><td>(Bicarbonate)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>HDL</td><td>Chloride</td><td>Chloride</td></tr><tr><td>LDL</td><td></td><td>Cholesterol, HDL</td><td>Cholesterol, HDL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Cholesterol, Total</td><td>Cholesterol, LDL Cholesterol, Total</td><td>Cholesterol, LDL Cholesterol, Total</td></tr><tr><td>Cortisol</td><td>CK-MB Isoenzyme</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Creatinine</td><td></td><td>Cortisol</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Creatine Kinase (CK)</td><td>Creatinine Creatine Kinase</td><td>Creatinine Creatine Kinase</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>C-Reactive Protein</td><td>C-Reactive Protein</td></tr><tr><td>Digoxin</td><td></td><td>Digoxin</td><td>Digoxin</td></tr><tr><td>Ferritin</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ethanol</td><td></td><td>Ethanol</td><td>Ethanol</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>GGT Gentamicin</td><td>Gamma Glutamyltransferase</td><td>Gamma GlutamyItransferase</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Gentamicin</td><td>Gentamicin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Globulin</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Glucose</td><td>Glucose</td><td>Glucose</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Haptoglobin</td><td>Haptoglobin</td><td>Haptoglobin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Iron</td><td>Iron</td><td>Iron</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Immunoglobulin A</td><td>Immunoglobulin A</td><td>Immunoglobulin A</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(IgA) Immunoglobulin G</td><td></td><td>Immunoglobulin G</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(IgG) Immunoglobulin M</td><td>Immunoglobulin G</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(IgM) TIBC</td><td>Immunoglobulin M</td><td>Immunoglobulin M</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>UIBC</td><td>Unsaturated Iron</td><td>Unsaturated Iron Binding</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Binding Capacity</td><td>Capacity (UIBC)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>(UIBC)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Lactate (Lactic Acid) LDH</td><td>Lactate (Lactic acid)</td><td>Lactate (Lactic acid)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>LAP Arylamidase</td><td>Lactate Dehydrogenase</td><td>Lactate Dehydrogenase</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Lipase</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Lithium</td><td>Lipase</td><td>Lipase</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Magnesium</td><td>Lithium</td><td>Lithium</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Osmolality</td><td>Magnesium</td><td>Magnesium</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Phenobarbital</td><td>Phenobarbital</td><td>Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Phenytoin</td><td>Phenytoin</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Phosphorus</td><td>Phospholipids</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Potassium</td><td></td><td>Phosphorous</td><td>Phosphorous</td></tr><tr><td>Prealbumin</td><td></td><td>Potassium Prealbumin</td><td>Potassium</td></tr><tr><td>PAP</td><td></td><td></td><td>Prealbumin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Protein Electrophoresis</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Protein, Total</td><td>Protein, Total</td><td>Protein, Total</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td>Rheumatoid Factor</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Salicylate</td><td>Salicylate</td><td>Salicylate</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Sodium</td><td>Sodium</td><td>Sodium</td></tr><tr><td>T3 Total</td><td>T3 Free</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>T3 Uptake/T-Uptake</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>T4 total T4 Free</td><td>Thyroxine (TT4)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Theophylline</td><td>Theophylline</td><td>Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>TSH</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Tobramycin Transferrin</td><td>Tobramycin Transferrin</td><td>Tobramycin Transferrin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Triglycerides</td><td>Triglycerides</td><td>Triglycerides</td></tr><tr><td>Urea</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Urea Nitrogen (BUN)</td><td>Urea Nitrogen</td><td>Urea Nitrogen</td></tr><tr><td>Uric Acid Valproic Acid</td><td></td><td>Uric Acid Valproic Acid</td><td>Uric Acid Valproic Acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin B12Zinc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vancomycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vancomycin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Vial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 days at 2 to 8°C, withthe following exception:Direct Bilirubin,Triglycerides, HDL,Cholinesterase andPhosphorus for 7 days.LAP Arylamidase willbe stable for 3 days.</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">10 days at 2 to 8°C with the following exceptions:Triglycerides will be stable for 7 days. Lactate will bestable for 5 days.</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Performance Characteristics

# 8.1 Value Assignment Summary

Value assignment testing was performed utilizing internal procedures and protocols to determine typical values that would be seen for the controls across Abbot ARCHITECT c8000 clinical chemistry and the ARCHITECT i2000 immunoassay systems with the associated reagent test systems. For the Multichem S Plus / S Plus (Assayed) controls, 2 reagent lots and 2 calibrator lots were used where available to incorporate reagent and calibrator variation. 2 replicates from 16 runs were performed to give a total of 32 data points. Distinct runs, with minimum gaps of 2 hours were performed and a minimum of 8 calibration events were performed to incorporate variation from calibration and environmental sources. Value assignment ranges were established at the pre-determined criteria of $2 0 \%$ around the grand mean and expanded to $30 \%$ or as needed. However, a $10 \%$ range is applied to Potassium, Sodium and Chloride.

# 8.2 Stability Testing Summary

Stability studies have been performed to determine the open vial stability and shelf-life for this control. For open vial stability, Technopath utilized internal procedures and two protocol methods (Classical [Forward] method and Isochronous - Staggered Start [Backwards / Back-ended] method) from CLSI EP25A entitled "Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents." To minimize variation, where possible, one lot of reagent, calibrator and reference/control was used for the entire study, per analyte. Testing was performed over multiple days on 1 Abbott ARCHITECT c8000 clinical chemistry system with the associated reagent test systems, with the exception of Rheumatoid Factor, which was tested on a Beckman Coulter® AU480 chemistry instrument. All Multichem S Plus / S Plus (Assayed) analytes from open vial and freshly thawed vial samples were tested in replicates of 3 at each time point.Multiple time points were tested and the point of failure was determined by the maximum allowable drift (degradation), which was determined to be analyte specific.

Open Vial Stability:

− 10 days at 2 to $\pmb { 8 } \circ _ { \mathbb { C } }$ for each analyte with the following exceptions: 7 days at 2 to $8 \%$ for Triglycerides 5 days at 2 to $8 \%$ for Lactate

A combination of accelerated and preliminary real-time testing was carried out utilizing CLSI EP25A in order to support a shelf-life storage claim of $\bf - 2 0 ^ { \circ }$ to $\mathbf { \Omega } _ { \mathbf { - 8 0 } } \circ \mathbf { C }$ for 30 months. The accelerated testing utilized three lots of controls and the real-time testing utilized a combination of two lots of controls. All data was generated using the Abbott ARCHITECT $\tt c 8 0 0 0$ clinical chemistry system with the associated reagent test systems. For the Multichem S Plus / \$ Plus (Assayed) controls, the Drift Limit was determined to be $10 \%$ . These results concluded that the Multichem S Plus / S Plus (Assayed) controls are predicted to be stable for in excess of 30 months when stored at $\bf { - 2 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ to $\bullet 8 0 ^ { \circ } C$ The real-time testing is on-going.

Note: ARCHITECT, c8000, and i2000 are trademarks of Abbott Laboratories.

# 8.3 Traceability Summary

The analytes contained within the Multichem S Plus / S Plus (Assayed) controls were obtained from endogenous components to the base serum matrix and commercially available sources. Technopath does not claim traceability to higher order reference materials or methods.

# 9.0 Conclusion:

The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical tests (discussed above) demonstrate that the Multichem S Plus / S Plus (Assayed) control is as safe, as effective, and performs as well as the predicate device. The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.

# October 22, 2013

TECHNO-PATH MANUFACTURING LTD. c/o Stephanie G. Garth   
Global Compliance Plus   
325 Big Elm Street   
HIGHLAND VILLAGE TX 75077   
Re: K132751   
Trade/Device Name: Multichem S Plus / S Plus (assayed)   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660   
Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed)   
Regulatory Class: I, reserved   
Product Code: JJY   
Dated: August 28, 2013   
Received: September 3, 2013

Dear Ms. Garth:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intermet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.9.For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Smal Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# CarolEBenson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): k132751

Device Name: _ Multichem S Plus / S Plus (Assayed)

Indications for Use:

Muli s / us ss cntol  teoru  nass qualcontrol er mhe listed in the package insert:

# Multichem S Plus

Acetaminophen   
Alpha-1 Acidglycoprotein   
Alpha-I Antitrypsin   
Apolipoprotein A1   
Apolipoprotein B   
Alkaline Phosphatase   
Alanine Aminotransferase   
Amikacin   
Amylase   
Amylase, Pancreatic   
Aspartate Aminotransferase   
Acid Phosphatase   
Albumin   
Beta-2 Microglobulin   
Bile acids   
Bilirubin, Direct   
Bilirubin, Total   
Complement C3   
Complement C4   
Ceruloplasmin   
Cholinesterase   
Calcium

# Multichem S Plus (Assayed)

Acetaminophen   
Alpha-1 Acidglycoprotein   
Alpha-1 Antitrypsin   
Apolipoprotein AI   
Apolipoprotein B   
Alkaline Alanine Aminotransferase   
Amikacin   
Amylase   
Aspartate Aminotransferase   
Albumin   
Beta-2 Microglobulin   
Bilirubin, Direct   
Bilinubin, Total   
Complement C3   
Complement C4   
Ceruloplasmin   
Calcium   
Carbamazepine   
Carbon Dioxide (Bicarbonate)   
Chloride

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health OIR) Yung WDChan -S

Carbamazepine   
Carbon Dioxide (Bicarbonate)   
Chloride   
Cholesterol, HDL   
Cholesterol, LDL   
Chofesterol, Total   
Cortisol   
Creatinine   
Creatine Kinase   
C-Reactive Protein   
Digoxin   
Ethanol   
Gamma Glutamyltransferase   
Gentamicin   
Glucose   
Haptoglobin   
Iron   
Immunoglobulin A   
Immunoglobulin G   
Immunoglobulin M   
Unsaturated Iron Binding Capacity (UIBC)   
Lactate (Lactic acid)   
Lactate Dehydrogenase   
Lipase   
Lithium   
Magnesium   
Phenobarbital   
Phenytoin   
Phosphorous   
Potassium   
Prealbumin   
Protein, Total   
Rheumatoid Factor   
Salicylate   
Sodium   
Thyroxine (TT4)   
Theophylline   
Tobramycin   
Transferrin   
Triglycerides   
Urea Nitrogen   
Uric Acid   
Valproic Acid   
Vancomycin

# Multichem S Plus (Assayed). cont'd

Cholesterol, HDL   
Cholesterol, LDI   
Cholesterol. Total   
Creatinine   
Creatine Kinase   
C-Reactive Protein   
Digoxin   
Ethanol   
Gamma Glutamyltransferase   
Gentamicin   
Glucose   
Haptoglobin   
Iron   
Immunoglobulin A   
Immunoglobulin G   
Immunoglobulin M   
Unsaturated Iron Binding Capacity (UIBC)   
Lactate (Lactic acid)   
Lactate Dehydrogenase   
Lipase   
Lithium   
Magnesium   
Phenobarbital   
Phosphorous   
Potassium   
Prealbumin   
Protein, Total   
Rheumatoid Factor   
Salicylate   
Sodium   
Theophylline   
Tobramycin   
Transferrin   
Triglycerides   
Urea Nitrogen   
Uric Acid   
Valproic Acid   
Vancomycin