# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(K) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21 CFR Part 807.92.

Date: 09/06/2013

# 1. Applicant / Submitter

Infopia Co., Ltd.   
891 Hogye-dong, Dongan-Gu, Anyang, Kyunggi, 431-080, Korea   
Phone: +82-31-460-0300   
Fax: +82-31-460-0401

# 2. Submission Correspondent

LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.   
1515 E Katella Ave. Unit 2115,   
Anaheim, CA 92805   
Priscilla Chung   
Phone: 714-202-5789 Fax: 714-409-3357 Email: juhee.c@lkconsultinggroup.com

# 3. Device

Trade Name: HealthproProfessional Blood Glucose System   
lai aGluc ysQualaal ssy   
•Classification regulation: 21 CFR Part 862.1345, 21 CFR Part 862.1660   
•Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX

4. Predicate Device:

HealthproBlood Glucose Test System (K113192), Infopia Co., Ltd.

# 5. Description:

The Healthr roessional Blood Glucos ystem consists meter, test stris control solutions (Level 1, Level 2 and level 3). The blood glucose test system is an in vitro diagnostic device designed for measuring the concentration of glucose in whole blood sample by means of an electrical current produced in the test strip and sent to the meter for measurement.

6. Indications for use:

The Healthpro™ Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement  lucose i freh capillary wholeblood smple drawn om he gertips, a palm, dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm, calf and thigh.

The Healthpro™M Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control program. This system should only be used with auto-disabling, single-use lancing devices. The Healthpro™ Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Aiternative site testing should be done only during steady  state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

al quantatively easure glucose ugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, ventral palm, dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm, calf and/or thigh.

The Healthpro™ Professional Control Solutions are for use with the Healthpro™ Professional meer and Healthpro Professional test srips to check that the meter and test strips are working together propery and that the test is performing correctly.

# 7. Comparison to the Cleared Device

The modifications are adding prescription use claim to the indications of use, adding a Patient n  oi aphe coWit e  , can save a test result with a unique ID number assigned for each patient.

Other than these modifications, the modified meter has the following similarities to the cleared device:

has the same intended use,   
uses the same operating principle,   
• adopts the same use environment and calibration method.

8. Performance Data

Non-clinical: Verification, validation and testing activities were conducted to establish the performance, functionality and reliability characteristics of the Healthpro™M Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The device passed all of the tests based on pre-determined Pass/Fail criteria.

Disinfection Study: Disinfectant CaviWipes with the EPA registration number of 46781-8 has been validated demonstrating complete inactivation of live virus of use with the meter and the reusable lancing device. There was also no change in performance or in the external materials of the meter and the lancing device after 10,980 cleaning/disinfection cycles designed to simulate 3 years of device use.

# 9. Conclusion

The conclusion drawn from the validation tests is that the Healthpro™ Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System is as safe, as effective and performs as well as the legally marketed predicate device, Healthpro ™ Blood Glucose Test System (K113192).

# December 12, 2013

# INFOPIA CO., LTD C/O PRISCILLA CHUNG LK CONSULTING GROUP USA INC 1515 E KATELLA AVE UNIT 2115 ANAHEIM CA 92805

Re: K132862 Trade/Device Name: Healthpro Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX Dated: November 6, 2013 Received: November 12, 2013

Dear Ms. Chung:

We have reviewed your Section $\pmb { 5 } \pmb { 1 0 0 } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to s  i and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The o is c devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I1 (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determnination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 8 please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, Intemational and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800).638 2041 or (301).796-7100 or at its Internet address http://wivv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note t lat  a  c   at . CFR Part 803), please go to   
htp:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htmfor the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, Intermational and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm:

Sincerely yours,

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number: k132862

Device Name: Healthpro™ Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indication for use:

The Healthpro™ Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, ventral palm, dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm, calf and thigh.

The Healthpro™ Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control program. This system should only be used with auto-disabling, single-use lancing devices. The Healthpro™M Professional Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alterative site testing should be done only durin steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The Healthpro™ Professional test strips are for use with the Healthpro Professional meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, ventral palm, dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm, calf and/or thigh.

The Healthpro™ Professional Control Solutions are for use with the Healthpro™ Professional nealial  hechat together properly and that the test is performing correctly.

Prescription Use AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21CFR 801Subpar D) (Part 21CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

# Concurence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

# Stayce Beck

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health

510(k)