August 5, 2015

SD BIOSENSOR, INC. C/O PRISCILLA CHUNG 2651 E CHAPMAN AVE STE 110 FULLERTON CA 92831

Re: K132929 Trade/Device Name: SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System, SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW Dated: July 24, 2015 Received: July 30, 2015

Dear Priscilla Chung:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k132929

Device Name SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement o glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from fingertip, palm, upper arm, or forearm. SD GlucoNavi $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFCBlGMy oulo ha foue  bn effectiveness of diabetes control.

The SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes. The SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not for use in neonates. Altativsthoul neurg ed-ateme hgucosohanigrapiy SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used to transmit glucose values to compatible mobile application or PC software through use of radio frequency communication.

SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Merqnaveyesco ugar pi holompawnfoms, forearm, upper arm, or palm.

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# 'DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

T burn tmorcolletionoation  at verghours onsc time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather andmaintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Number (if known) k132929

Device Name SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative muc ugar  cpily who bloofog, p per r.The SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro oieulep  allt eenedbe contro prramTh ysehouly uswi utisabnsgs devices.

The SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes. The SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not for use in GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used to transmit glucose values to compatible mobile application or PC software through use of radio frequency communication.

SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi BloGucMenupiho fingertips, forearm, upper arm, or palm.

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# 'DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

T burn tmorcolletionoation  at verghours onsc time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather andmaintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number: k132929   
Date of Summary: August 4, 2015

# 1. SUBMITTER'S IDENTIFICATION:

# Manufacturer

SD Biosensor, Inc.   
C-4th&5th, 16, Deogyeong-Daero,1556beon-Gil, Yeongtong-Gu, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-Do, KOREA, REPUBLIC OF 443-813   
TEL: 82-31-300-0418   
FAX: 82-31-300-0497

# Contact Person

Ms. Yeon Park / Regulatory   
Email: py@sdbiosensor.com   
Official Correspondent (U.S. designated agent) Priscilla Chung (Regulatory Consultant) SD Biosensor, Inc.   
c/o LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.   
2651 E Chapman Ave Ste 110, Fullerton CA 92831   
TEL: (714) 202-5789   
FAX: (714) 409-3357   
E-MAIL: juhee.c@lkconsultinggroup.com

# 2. DEVICE NAME:

# Proprietary Name:

SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC   
SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Multi   
Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
21 CFR §862.1345   
Blood Glucose Test System   
NBW   
CGA / JJX   
II   
Common Name:   
Regulation Number:   
Classification Name:   
Product Code:   
Subsequent Product Code:   
Regulatory Class:

# 3.PREDICATE DEVICES:

SmartLink™ GOLD Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K100398) by STANDARD DIAGNOSTICS, INC.

# 4.DEVICEDESCRIPTION:

SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC and NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems are OTC/ Rx blood glucose monitoring systems. The SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System is indicated for single-patient use at home (over-the-counter; OTC) and should not be shared, while The SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is for multi-patient use in a professional healthcare setting(over-the-counter; OTC and prescription; POC), in order to help monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. NFC devices contain near field communication (NFC) technology.

# SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System includes:

SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Meter   
SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Test Strips   
SD Glucose Check Strip   
SD Glucose Control Solution - Level M   
3V Battery Type CR2032   
User Instruction Guide   
Quick Guide   
Test Strip Package Insert   
Control Solution Package Insert   
Carrying Case   
Lancing Device, Lancet

# SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System includes:

SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Meter   
SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Test Strips   
SD Glucose Check Strip   
SD Glucose Control Solution - Level M   
3V Battery Type CR2032   
User Instruction Guide   
Quick Guide   
Test Strip Package Insert   
Control Solution Package Insert   
Carrying Case

# Optional software accessory

GlucoNavii® DMS GlucoNavii®

A drop of blood sample from the finger prick works with glucose oxidase and the mediators in the test strip to make a small electric current proportional to the glucose concentration in the blood. The meter reads the current and displays the blood glucose result equivalent to the current.

The user can search the stored results with three presentations of 7, 14 and 30-day averages of test results stored in memory: normal, pre-meal and post-meal state averages. The system can set the beep, hypo warning, date, time, post-meal alarm and alarm. The system can also set the pre-meal and post-meal mark. Test results are displayed with mg/dL unit. A check strip allows the meter to check a problem and the control solution allows the meter and test strip to be checked.

# 5. INDICATION FOR USE:

# SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System

SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$   
fresh capillary whole blood from fingertip, palm, upper arm, or forearm. SD GlucoNavi $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System is people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

The SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Goo GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly). SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be

SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively

# SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ B in fresh capillary whole blood from fingertip, palm, upper arm, or forearm. The SD GlucoNavi $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring lancing devices.

The SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$

during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly). SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is

SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Meter to

# 6. COMPARISION TO PREDICATE DEVICE:

T luB Glu L Blo technology.

Please refer to the following similarities and differences comparison chart:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceSD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC BloodGlucose Monitoring System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceSD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Multi BloodGlucose Monitoring System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceK100398SmartLink™ GOLD BGMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Appearance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoNavii NEC©Mentor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> Na CO0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110710&#x27;7704C0O0</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OTC setting: For Single-User, In-VitroDiagnostic Use Only by Patient (at-home) with Diabetes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OTC setting: For Single-User, In-VitroDiagnostic Use Only by Patient (at-home) with DiabetesPOC setting: For Multi-User, In-VitroDiagnostic Use Only by HealthcareProfessionals at Professional Clinic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OTC setting: For Single-User, In-VitroDiagnostic Use Only by Patient (at-home) with DiabetesPOC setting: For Multi-User, In-VitroDiagnostic Use Only by HealthcareProfessionals at Professional Clinic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>20-600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>10-32°C (50-90°F) for Test Strip / 18-30°C (64.4-86°F) for Control Solution</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>15-95% RH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Altitude</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>up to 11,351 feet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>20-60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory Capacity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>300 test results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 test results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Dimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50mm x 93mm x 18mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47mm x 95mm x 17.5 mm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50g with battery</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.5 with battery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit of measure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>mg/dL / mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Fresh capillary whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fingertip, palm, forearm or upper arm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monitor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LCD display</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Backlight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Supply</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3V CR2032 Battery x1(Replaceable)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Saving</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Automatic shut off after 1 minute of inactivity WITHOuT inserting test stripAutomatic shut off after 3 minutes of inactivity WITH test strip inserted</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Approximately 1,000 Tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Oxidase (GOD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemical biosensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test strip capillary draw</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationTest Strip StorageTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Plasma-calibrated2-32 (36-90°F)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip StorageHumidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-95%RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control SolutionPC link Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 LevelsMiddle: 90-140 mg/dLHigh: 170-240 mg/dLYes, USB Cable or NFC Reader/Writer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes, USB Cable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Smart device linkFeature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

# 7. DISCUSSION OF NON-CLINICAL TESTS PERFORMED FOR DETERMINATION OFSUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE ARE AS FOLLOWS:

Based on our risk analysis evaluation results, and, in accordance with the FDA "Draft Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff  Total Product Life Cycle for Portable Invasive Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems, $1 0 / 2 4 / 0 6 ^ { \prime \prime }$ , outlined performance characteristics, the following testing was conducted to support the modifications found in our subject device:

Software Validation   
Electrical Safety (IEC 61010-1:2001& IEC 61010-2-101:2002)   
Electromagnetic Compatibility (IEC 60601-1-2:2007)   
Radio Frequency (FCC Part 15.255 Subpart C)   
System Accuracy   
Precision   
Linearity   
Sample Volume   
Hematocrit   
Interference Substances   
Operating Condition (Temperature and Humidity)   
High Altitude   
Disinfection / Virucidal Efficacy Validation   
Stability for Test Strip and Control Solution   
Readability for proposed labeling

None of the testing demonstrated any design characteristics that violated the requirements of the FDA recognized standards or resulted in any safety hazards. It was our conclusion that testing met all relevant standards requirements.

The study results support that SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC and NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems are substantially equivalence to other predicate devices in the market.

# 8. DISCUSSION OF CLINICAL TESTS PERFORMED:

Clinical sensitivity and clinical specificity testing are not applicable.

System accuracy evaluations (Method Comparison with Predicate Device) for the SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC and NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems were performed according to ISO 15197.

User performance studies were performed to demonstrate that lay consumers could obtain accurate results using the SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC and NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems. The studies were performed using capillary whole blood from fingertip, palm, forearm, and upper arm sample sites.

# 9. CONCLUSION:

Based on documentation supplied with this submission, conclusions drawn from clinical and bench testing of the subject device demonstrates that the subject devices SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC and NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems are substantially equivalent to our legally marketed predicate devices.