# 5. 510(k) Summary

# 5.1 Description

Dimension® Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

# 5.2. Assigned 510(k) number

The assigned 510(k) number is: K132638

# 5.3 Applicant and Date

Applicant: Laura J. Duggan Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. P.O. Box 6101 Newark, DE 19714-6101

Date: August 22, 2013

# 5.4 Proprietary and Established Names

Dimension $\textcircled{8}$ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textcircled{8}$ reagent cartridge

Common Name Creatinine

# 5.5 Regulatory Information

Dimension $\textcircled{8}$ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge

The CRE2 method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of creatinine in human serum, plasma, and urine on the Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ clinical chemistry system. Creatinine measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain renal disease, in monitoring renal dialysis, and as a calculation basis for measuring other urine analytes.

Classification Name: Regulation Section: Classification: Product Code: Panel:

Creatinine test system   
21CFR862.1225 - Creatinine test system   
Class II   
CGX   
Clinical Chemistry

# 5.6 Predicate Device

The predicate device used to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the Dimension@ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textcircled{8}$ reagent cartridge is the Creatinine Method for Use on the Dimension® Clinical Chemistry System (CREA) previously cleared under k925668.

# 5.7 Device Description / Test Principle

The CRE2 method uses a modified kinetic Jaffe technique. In the presence of a strong base such as sodium hydroxide, picrate reacts with creatinine to form a red chromophore. The rate of increasing absorbance at $5 1 0 \mathsf { n m }$ due to the formation of this chromophore is directly proportional to the creatinine concentration in the sample and is measured using a bichromatic (510, 600nm) rate technique. Bilirubin is oxidized by potassium ferricyanide to prevent interference.

# 5.8 Intended Use

The CRE2 method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of creatinine in human serum, plasma, and urine on the Dimension $\textcircled{8}$ clinical chemistry system. Creatinine measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain renal disease, in monitoring renal dialysis, and as a calculation basis for measuring other urine analytes.

# 5.9 Indication(s) for Use

The CRE2 method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of creatinine in human serum, plasma, and urine on the Dimension $\textcircled{8}$ clinical chemistry system. Creatinine measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain renal disease, in monitoring renal dialysis, and as a calculation basis for measuring other urine analytes.

# 5.10 Substantial Equivalence Information

Both the Dimension $\textcircled{8}$ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge and the predicate Creatinine Method for Use on the Dimension® Clinical Chemistry System (CREA) employ prepackaged reagents for use on automated clinical chemistry test systems. A comparison of the similarities and differences between the devices is provided in the following tables:

Similarities for the Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Creatinine (CRE2) $F \left| \in \mathsf { x } \ @ \right.$ reagent cartridge:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>New Device                           Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension® Creatinine (CRE2)Flex® reagent cartridge (K132638)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine Method for Use on theDimension® Clinical ChemistrySystem (CREA) (k925668)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CRE2 method is an in vitrodiagnostic test for the quantitativemeasurement of creatinine inhuman serum, plasma, and urineon the Dimension@ clinicalchemistry system. Creatininemeasurements are used in thediagnosis and treatment of certainrenal disease, in monitoring renaldialysis, and as a calculation basisfor measuring other urineanalytes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CREA method used on theDimension® clinical chemistrysystem is an in vitro diagnostic testintended for the quantitativedetermination of creatinine inhuman serum, plasma and urine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceTechnology(detection)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Jaffe Methodology(creatinine alkaline picrate) withphotometric detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wavelength = 510 and 600 nmType of Measurement =Bichromatic rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1 = Lithium Picrate (125mM)Reagent 2 = Sodium Hydroxide(2000 mM) with potassiumferricyanide (2.7 mM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Volumes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume of Reagent 1 used = 74 µLVolume of Reagent 2 used = 18 µLVolume of Diluent used = 258 µL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 days - same reagent lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Differences for the Dimension $\textcircled{8}$ Creatinine CRE2 Flex $\textcircled{8}$ reagent cartridge:   

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Limit of Blank/Analytical Limit of Blank: 0.05 mg/dL</td><td></td><td>Analytical Sensitivity : 0.05 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Calibration</td><td>Chem 1 Calibrator (K860021) 3 levels (n=3)</td><td>Same (K860021)</td></tr></table>

# New Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>New Device                           Preuicate bevlce</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension® Creatinine (CRE2)Flex® reagent cartridge (K132638)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine Method for Use on theDimension® Clinical ChemistrySystem (CREA) (k925668)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range(serum)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15 - 20.00 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 20.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range(urine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00 - 400.00 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 200.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and PlasmaMales: 0.70 - 1.30 mg/dLFemales: 0.55 - 1.02 mg/dLUrineMales: 0.95 - 2.49 g/24 hrFemales: 0.60 - 1.80 g/24 hr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumMales: 0.8 - 1.3 mg/dLFemales: 0.6 - 1.0 mg/UrineMales: 0.6 - 2.5 g/24 hrFemales: 0.6 - 1.5 g/24 hr</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference at aCreatinine concentration of 1.5mg/dL from:Hemoglobin at 500 mg/dLBilirubin (conjugated) at 20 mg/dL,Bilirubin (unconjugated) at 10mg/dLLipemia (Intralipid) at 1000 mg/dL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference at aCreatinine concentration of 1.7mg/dL from:Hemoglobin at 1000 mg/dL,Bilirubin (unconjugated) at 5 mg/dLLipemia (Intralipid) at 200 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# 5.11 Standard/Guidance Document Reference

Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents (CEN 13640) CLSI EP07-A2; Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline CLSI EP09-A2-IR; Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples Approved Guideline CLSI EP05-A2; Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods: Approved Guideline CLSI EP06-A; Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement CLSI EP17-A2; Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation CLSI C28-A3c; Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory; Approved Guideline - Third Edition In Vitro Diagnostic Creatinine Test System-- Guidance for Industry - July 2, 1998 In Vitro Diagnostic Devices: Guidance for the Preparation of 510(k) Submissions - Jan. 1997 Format for Traditional and Abbreviated 510(k)'s - Guidance for Industry and Staff - Nov. 17, 2005 Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff: Administrative Procedures for CLIA Categorization - May 7, 2008 eCopy Program for Medical Device Submissions - Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff - December 31, 2012. Refuse to Accept Policy for 510(k)s - Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff - December 31, 2012

# 5.12 Performance Characteristics

The following data represent typical method performance. These data were collected on the Dimension EXL 200 integrated chemistry system.

# 5.12.1 Method Comparison

The predicate device selected for the method comparison was the Creatinine Method for Use on the Dimension® Clinical Chemistry System (CREA) cleared under K925668. Remnant de-identified serum samples were tested. No patient history information was obtained on these samples. Inclusion/exclusion data criteria are not applicable. All of the samples were native.

These studies were conducted internally by Siemens Healthcare Diagnostic Inc. R&D organization personnel. The personnel conducting the study were laboratory technicians with training similar to personnel who would conduct the tests in a hospital laboratory setting. They were trained on the operation of both the device and the predicate device. A split sample method comparison, following EP09-A2, demonstrated good agreement between the Dimension $\textcircled{8}$ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textcircled{8}$ reagent cartridge and the predicate Creatinine Method for Use on the Dimension® Clinical Chemistry System (CREA) with serum patient samples.

One hundred ninety one serum patient samples across the assay range were tested on the Dimension $\textcircled{8}$ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge and the Creatinine Method for Use on the Dimension® Clinical Chemistry System (CREA). In a second study, 113 urine samples were tested on the Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge and the Creatinine Method for Use on the Dimension® Clinical Chemistry System (CREA). The results across the full assay range were analyzed by linear regression. Although the samples were tested in duplicate, only the first result was used for the analysis.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparativeMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sampletype</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DimensionCREA Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 - 19.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>. 191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DimensionCREA Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5 - 372.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>urine</td></tr></table>

The model equation for the regression statistics is: [results for Dimenision $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CRE2 Flex® reagent cartridge] $\simeq$ slope $\mathsf { x }$ [comparative method results] $^ +$ intercept.

An additional study was completed comparing the Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textcircled{8}$ reagent cartridge for the IDMS reference method. Remnant de-identified serum samples were tested. No patient history information was obtained on these samples. Inclusion/exclusion data criteria are not applicable. All of the samples were native.

Forty eight patient samples were tested on the Dimension $\textcircled{8}$ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex® reagent cartridge and the IDMS reference method. The results were analyzed by linear regression. Although the samples were tested in duplicate, only the first result was used for the analysis.

<table><tr><td>Comparative Method</td><td>Range (mg/dL)</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept (mg/dL)</td><td>Correlation Coefficient</td><td>n</td><td>Sample type</td></tr><tr><td>IDMS Reference Method</td><td>0.18-6.32</td><td>1.04</td><td>0.02</td><td>0.997</td><td>48</td><td>serum</td></tr></table>

The model equation for the regression statistics is: [results for Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textcircled{8}$ reagent cartridge] $\simeq$ slope x [comparative method results] $^ +$ intercept.

# 5.12.2 Serum Plasma Equivalency

Serum and lithium heparin plasma equivalency was demonstrated for the Dimension® Creatinine (CRE2) $\mathsf { F l e x @ }$ reagent cartridge. Fifty six matched serum and lithium heparin plasma samples were tested using the Dimension $\textcircled{8}$ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge. The table below summarizes the linear regression statistics.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum vs.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intereept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient (r)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium HeparinPlasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50 - 17.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr></table>

One replicate of each sample was processed. All samples in the study were fresh and never frozen. The eight spiked sample sets were prepared by spiking equal amounts of purified creatinine into the matched serum and lithium heparin plasma samples.

# 5.12.3 Precision

Precision testing was performed in accordance with CLSI EP05-A2 Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods: Approved Guideline - Second Edition. Samples consisted of two (2) serum pools, three (3) levels of BioRad Multiqual material, two (levels) of BioRad Liquicheck material and two (2) urine pools. Testing was performed over twenty (20) days, two (2) separate runs with two test samples for each test material. Analysis of variance (ANOvA) was used to evaluate the data consistent with the recommendations of EP05-A2. The data are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Snnn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioRad Multiqual Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioRad Multiqual Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioRad Multiqual Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>uu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Pool 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Pool 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>339.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioRad Liquicheck Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioRad Liquicheek Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr></table>

BioRad® is a registered trademark of Bio-Rad Laboratories, Irvine, CA 92618, USA. Multiqua $\textcircled{8}$ is a registered trademark of Bio-Rad Laboratories, Irvine, CA 92618, USA. Liquichek ™M is a trademark of Bio-Rad Laboratories, Irvine, CA 92618, USA.

# 5.12.4 Limit of Blank and Limit of Detection

The Limit of Blank (LoB) and Limit of Detection (LoD) were evaluated in accordance with CLSI EP17-A2 Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation: Approved Guideline.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Dimension Creatinine (CRE2) Flex reagent cartridgeLimit of Detection Results with Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 samples with no analytewere tested (N=5) for 3 days,one run per day, 2 reagentlots,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 low patient serum sampleswere tested (N=5) for 3 days,one run per day, 2 reagentlots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Dimension Creatinine (CRE2) Flex reagent cartridgeLimit of Detection Results with Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 samples with no analytewere tested (N=5) for 3 days,one run per day, 2 reagentlots,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 low patient urine sampleswere tested (N=5) for 3 days,one run per day, 2 reagentlots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

The nonparametric approach described in EP-17A2 was followed to determine the Limit of Detection.

$\mathsf { L o B } = \mathsf { M e a n }$ of Blank Measurement $\$ 123,45$ Standard Deviation of Blank Measurements $\mathsf { L o D = }$ Limit of Blank $+ \textsf { C } _ { \mathsf { p } } \mathsf { S } \mathsf { D } _ { \mathsf { s } }$ EY

$\complement _ { \mathfrak { p } }$ is a correction factor for the $9 5 \%$ CI normal variate to account for bias in the $\mathtt { S D } _ { \mathtt { S } }$ estimate. : $\mathtt { S D } _ { \mathtt { S } }$ is an estimate of method imprecision pooled from replicates of the low analyte samples

The LoB was determined to be 0.05 mg/dL. with serum samples and is consistent with the claim of 0.05 mg/dL. With urine samples, the LoB was determined to be $0 . 8 7 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$ and is consistent with the claim of $1 . 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

The LoD was determined to be $0 . 0 8 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ with serum samples and is consistent with the claim of $0 . 1 \ : \mathsf { m g / d L }$ . With urine samples, the LoD was determined to be 1.51 mg/dL. and is consistent with the claim of $2 . 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# 5.12.5 Limit of Quantitation

The Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) for the Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textcircled{8}$ reagent cartridge for serum and plasma is 0.15 mg/dL and based on allowable total error of 0.15 mg/dL, determined consistent with CLSI Guideline EP17-A2.

The Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) for the Dimension $\circled{8}$ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textcircled{8}$ reagent cartridge for urine is $5 . 0 0 \mathrm { \ m g / d L }$ and based on allowable total error of $3 . 0 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ determined consistent with CLSI Guideline EP17-A2.

# 5.12.6 Linearity (Measurement Range)

Linearity was evaluated for serum and urine samples by using 12 equally spaced samples which spanned the assay range. Each was prepared by mixing high and low creatinine concentration samples across the measurement range as described in CLSl Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedure (EP06-A).

Regression Statistics   

<table><tr><td>Range of samples</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>Correlation Coefficient</td><td>N</td></tr><tr><td>serum 0.15* - 22.00 mg/dL</td><td>1.01</td><td>-0.01</td><td>.1.0</td><td>12</td></tr><tr><td>urine</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>3.00* - 425.34 mg/dL</td><td>0.998</td><td>-0.41</td><td>1.0</td><td>12</td></tr></table>

\*represents the LoQ

# 5.13 Analytical Specificity

# 5.13.1 Non-interfering Substances

CLSI EP7A2 was followed for the interference testing. The interference study was conducted using a "paired difference worst case scenario" approach where these compounds were spiked into fresh sample pools containing either low or high levels of creatinine analyte in both serum pools and urine pools.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DM CRE2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Serum/Plasma Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DM CRE2         * :</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration ofSubstance(mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>LOW pool (- 1.5mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HIGH pool ( - 5.0 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Diff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Diff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetoacetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amikacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.84.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cephalexin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cephapirin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cephradine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloramphenicol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol Supertrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>503</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cimetidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextran 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Digoxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethosuximide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin (196 Units/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoglobulin G (lgG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isopropanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin G (1654 Units/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenyloin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium oxalate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primidone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>.DM CRE2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Serum/Plasma Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>  .                DM CRE2         l $}</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Substance</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration ofSubstance(mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>LOW pool (- 1.5mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HIGH pool ( - 5.0 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Diff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Diff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Protein, Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Protein, Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Salicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sodium fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Uric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Valproic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>:..•:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>DM CRE2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Urine Substances       1!</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+^{}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>.°   DM CRE2         </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Substance</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration ofSubstance{mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>LOW pool (~40 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HIGH pool ( ~ 175 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Diff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Diff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>50% Acetic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25mL/24 hr collection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6N Hydrochloric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6N Nitric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183.29.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bilirubin (conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Gamma Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sodium Carbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5g/24 hr collection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sodium Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr></table>

# 5.13.2 Interfering Substances

The CRE2 method was evaluated for interference according to CLSI EP7-A2. Bias is the difference in the results between the control sample (without the interferent) and the test sample (contains the interferent) expressed in percent. Bias exceeding $10 \%$ is considered interference. Dilution studies were conducted to determine the level at which the spiked substance no longer displayed significant interference. These studies were conducted at

two Creatinine analyte concentrations, if both sample pools show significant interference.   
This study was conducted as needed for both serum pools and urine pools.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationof Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Test CRE2Result (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean ControlCRE2 Result(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Diff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Serum/Plasma Sample Type                       3            .$Lfj.&quot;                                       $fra}$xr*28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AcetoneAcetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.75 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.84       </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconj)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50       20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cephalothin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid 20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PyruvateTriglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Urine Sample Type                          $$\frac}$,:               $9                         42&quot;s,.yi..4.2i           </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199.52        </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12%</td></tr></table>

# 5.13.3 Hemolysis, Icterus, Lipemia (HIL) Interference

The CRE2 method was evaluated for interference according to CLSI EP7-A2. Bias is the difference in the results between the control sample (without the interferent) and the test sample (contains the interferent) expressed in percent. Bias exceeding $10 \%$ is considered interference.

<table><tr><td colspan="2">DM CRE2</td><td>HIL Interference</td><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Substance</td><td>Concentration of Substance (mg/dL)</td><td></td><td>Mean Test CRE2 Result (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="2">Mean Control CRE2 Result (mg/dL)</td><td></td><td colspan="2">% Difference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td>1000</td><td>4.54</td><td colspan="2">4.69</td><td></td><td>-3.2%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Hemoglobin Hemoglobin</td><td>1000</td><td>1.24</td><td colspan="2"></td><td>1.4</td><td>-11.1%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Hemoglobin</td><td>500</td><td>1.37</td><td colspan="2"></td><td>1.44</td><td>-4.9%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Bilirubin (conj)</td><td>40</td><td>4.79</td><td colspan="2"></td><td>4.86</td><td>-1.3%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Bilirubin (conj)</td><td>40</td><td>1.16</td><td colspan="2"></td><td>1.40</td><td>-17.2%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Bilirubin (conj)</td><td>20</td><td>1.38</td><td colspan="2"></td><td>1.46</td><td>-5.5%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td>40</td><td></td><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Bilirubin (unconj)</td><td></td><td>4.79</td><td colspan="2"></td><td>4.89</td><td>-2.0%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Bilirubin (unconj)</td><td>20</td><td>1.20</td><td colspan="2"></td><td>1.50</td><td>-20.2%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Bilirubin (unconj)</td><td>10</td><td>1.32</td><td colspan="2"></td><td>1.46</td><td>-9.6%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Intralipid 20%</td><td>2000</td><td>4.66</td><td colspan="2"></td><td>4.56</td><td>2.2%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Intralipid 20%</td><td>1500</td><td>1.50</td><td colspan="2"></td><td>1.35</td><td>11.3%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Intralipid 20%</td><td>1000</td><td>1.49</td><td colspan="2"></td><td>1.39</td><td>7.2%</td><td></td></tr></table>

# 5.14 Conclusion

The Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Creatinine (CRE2) Flex $\textcircled{8}$ reagent cartridge (DF33B) is substantially equivalent in principle and performance to the Creatinine Method for Use on the Dimension® Clinical Chemistry System (CREA) cleared under k925668. Comparative testing described in the submission demonstrates substantially equivalent performance.

SIEMENS HEALTHCARE DIAGNOSTICS INC. LaUra dUggan, PH.D.   
REGULATORY TECHNICAL SPECIALIST P.O. BOX 6101   
NEWARK DE 19714

Re: K132638 Trade/Device Name: Dimension® Creatinine (CRE2) Flex reagent cartridge Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1225 Regulation Name: Creatinine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CGX Dated: November 13, 2013 Received: November 14, 2013

Dear Dr. Duggan:

We have reviewed your Section ${ \pmb 5 } 1 0 ( { \bf k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device refeence abov nd have determined the devic is substantially equivalent (or he indictions for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act.The gnral controls provisions  the Act includ requrements or nnual registration, list devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability wrrW  ow hat d bemus  t n o

If yur device is classified ee above) into either class II (SpecialControls)orclass II (MA), it may be subject to additional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 1, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2-—Dr. Duggan

If you desire specific advice-for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), pleasc contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its to11-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internct address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also. please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulatin (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http://www.fda:gov/McdicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internel address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor.You/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias. Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k132638

Device Name Dimension@ Creatinine (CRE2) $\mathbb { F } 1 e \times \mathbb { O }$ reagent cartridge

Indications for Use (Describe)   
in monitoring renal dialysis, and as a calculation basis for measuring other urine analytes.