May 8, 2014

CAROLINA LIQUID CHEMISTRIES CORP. MS. MELISSA THOMPSON DIRECTOR, REGULATORY AFFAIRS 575 N. PATTERSON AVE. SUITE 430 WINSTON-SALEM NC 27101

Rc: K132711 Trade/Device Name: Carolina Liquid Chemistrics HDL Cholesterol Reagent Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1475 Regulation Namc: Lipoprotein test system Regulatory Class: I, meets limitations per exemption 21 CFR 862.9(c)(4) Produci Code: LBS Dated: March 24. 2014 Received: March 26. 2014

Dear Ms. Melissa Thompson:

We have reviewed your Section 5 10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976. thc enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments. or to a vecas i e l F and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device. subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices. good manufacturing practice. labeling. and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH docs not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you. however, that device labecling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class I1 (PMA), it may be subjecl to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in thc Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21. Parts 800 to 898. In addition. FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements. including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809): medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820): and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or al its Internel address   
htp://wwwv.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 8.9. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http://wwv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safcty/ReportaProblem/default.hum for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of lndustry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtncy H1. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name Carolina Liquid Chemistries HDL Cholesterol Reagent

Indications for Use (Describe)

hemst L CnialhmiAnalyz. ipeet ushe ags n v.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# Concurrence of Center or Devies nd Radiological Health CDRH) (Signature)

# Ruth A. Chesler -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

The burden time or thicollection o infomation is estimated to average7hours per esponse, incudin e time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."