# 510 (k) Summary

# 1. Submitter Information

Company name: Biotest Medical Corporation   
Contact person: Fred Lee   
Address: No. 3-2 , Chien-kuo road, TEPZ Tantzu, 427, Taichung, Taiwan   
Phone: 886-4-2532-6668   
FAX: 886-4-2532-6593   
E-mail: leesc311@mail.biotestsystems.com

# . Name of Device

Trade Name: Easy Plus II Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-S Easy Plus I Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-M Smartest Persona II Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-S Smartest Persona I1 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-M

Common Names: In Vitro Diagnostic Glucose Test System

Product Code: NBW, System, Test, Blood Glucose, Over-the-Counter & Prescription. CGA, Glucose Oxidase, Glucose JJX, Quality Control Material   
Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry   
Device Class: Class II (21 CFR 862.1345)

# Predicate Device

Trade Name: Easy Talk Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6277

Common Name: In Vitro Diagnostic Glucose Test System

Submitter: Biotest Medical Corporation

510 (k) Number: K100560

# Device Description

The Easy Plus II Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-S (also applicable to: Easy Plus 1l Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-M; Smartest Persona Il Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-S; Smartest Persona lI Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-M) is a product kit consisting of a blood glucose meter, test strips, control solutions, a lancing device, lancets, and instructions for use. The data download functionality is optionally available and sold separately.

To perform a test, a glucose test strip is inserted into the top of the device. When a small drop of blood is applied to the end of the test strip, glucose reacts with the reagents on the test strip, producing an electrical current that is proportional to the blood glucose concentration. The glucose concentration is calculated by the glucose meter and is based on the electrical current measured. The quantitative glucose concentration (in mg/dL or mmol/L) is displayed on the display screen.

# 5. Intended Use/Indications for Use

For single patient use

# Easy Plus II Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-S

The Easy Plus Il Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-S is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the finger and the forearm. The Easy Plus Il Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-S is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The Easy Plus Il Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-S is intended for self-testing outside the body(in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. The Easy Plus IIl Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-S should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady state times (when glucose in not changing rapidly).

The Easy Plus Il Test Strips are for use with the Easy Plus Il Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the finger and the forearm.

The Easy Plus Il Control Solutions are for use with the Easy Plus I! Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-S as a quality control check to verify that the meter and test strips are working together properly.

# Smartest Persona Il Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-S

The Smartest Persona II Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-S is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the finger and the forearm. The Smartest Persona II Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-S is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The Smartest Persona II Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-S is intended for self-testing outside the body(in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of a diabetes control. The Smartest Persona II Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-S should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use.

Alternative site testing should be done only during steady state times (when glucose in not changing rapidly).

The Smartest Persona Il Test Strips are for use with the Smartest Persona Il Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the finger and the forearm.

The Smartest Persona Il Control Solutions are for use with the Smartest Persona II Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-S as a quality control check to verify that the meter and test strips are working together properly.

# For multiple patient use

# Easy Plus Il Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-M

The Easy Plus II Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-M is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the finger and the forearm. The Easy Plus II Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-M is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in a profession healthcare setting as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. This system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancets.

The Easy Plus Il Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-M should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady state times (when glucose in not changing rapidly).

The Easy Plus II Multi Test Strips are for use with the Easy Plus II Blood Glucose Multi Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the finger and the forearm.

The Easy Plus Il Multi Control Solutions are for use with the Easy Plus ll Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-M as a quality control check to verify that the meter and test strips are working together properly.

# Smartest Persona l Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-M

The Smartest Persona Il Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-M is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the finger and the forearm. The Smartest Persona II Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-M is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in a profession healthcare setting as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. This system should only be used with

single-use, auto-disabling lancets.

The Smartest Persona II Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-M should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady state times (when glucose in not changing rapidly).

The Smartest Persona Il Multi Test Strips are for use with the Smartest Persona Il Blood Glucose Multi Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the finger and the forearm.

The Smartest Persona Il Multi Control Solutions are for use with the Smartest Persona Il Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-M as a quality control check to verify that the meter and test strips are working together properly.

# 6. Comparison to Predicate Device

# Easy Plus I1 Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 6276-S, 6276-M)

For the proposed Easy Plus Il (6276-S) and Easy Plus Il Multi (6276-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems, the modification from the cleared Easy Talk Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6277 (K100560) include the following:

# A. Voice feature change from talking to non-talking

This modification involves the removal of speaker component as well as talking software module from Easy Talk Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 6277). This modification was made due to customer's input and marketing consideration.

# B. Modification of housing design

The housing of the device was slightly modified due to customer's input and marketing consideration. Except the removal of speaker component, no change was made to the materials used or to the internal elements of the device. The change was made for style purpose to differentiate it from its predicate with talking feature, Easy Talk Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 6277).

Easy Plus II (6276-S) and Easy Plus II Multi (6276-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems, in all functions and specifications are exactly same as Easy Talk Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 6277) except for the talking feature and housing design. The modifications in talking feature and housing design will not affect the intended use of the device, and it will not significantly affect safety or effectiveness. 1

The modifications maintain the integrity of the Easy Plus Il (6276-S) and Easy Plus II Multi (6276-M) as described in the original clearance in terms of the intended use of the device (i.e., the quantitative measurement of glucose in capillary blood), and the fundamental scientific technology employed. Product sterilization, shelf-life, and biocompatibility are unaffected by the modifications and are equivalent to the legally marketed Easy Talk Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6277 (K100560).

# Smartest Persona Il Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 6276-S, 6276-M)

For the proposed Smartest Persona II (6276-S) and Smartest Persona II Multi (6276-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems, as the modifications are identical to those described above for the Easy Plus Il (6276-S) and Easy Plus Il Multi (6276-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems and therefore not repeated here although the housing design of Smartest Persona II devices (Model 6276-S, 6276-M) is different from that of Easy Plus Il devices (Model 6276-S, 6276-M) mainly in colors.

With the reasons outlined above, the Easy Plus II devices (Model 6276-S, 6276-M) and the Smartest Persona Il devices (Model 6276-S, 6276-M) are eligible for Special ${ \bf 5 1 0 ( k ) }$ in accordance with FDA guidance.

# 7. Performance Studies

Biotest Medical Corp. has conducted a risk analysis and has performed the necessary verification and validation activities to demonstrate that the design outputs of the modified devices, Easy Plus Il (6276-S), Easy Plus II Multi (6276-M) Smartest Persona II (6276-S), and Smartest Persona ll Multi (6276-M) meet the design input requirements.

Cleaning is the process of removing dirt or touch contaminants while disinfection is the process of killing viruses. Disinfection studies were performed on the meter and lancing device by a third party testing service to determine the disinfection efficacy of the meter to the recommended cleaning and disinfection procedure, and its effectiveness in preventing the spread of blood-borne pathogens, particularly hepatitis B virus (HBV). Clorox® Bleach Germicidal Wipes (EPA Reg No: 67619-12) was validated, demonstrating complete inactivation of live virus for use with the meters. The robustness studies were also conducted and demonstrated that there was no change in performance or in the external materials of the meters after 11,000 cycles of cleaning and 11,000 cycles of disinfection to simulate the claimed 3 year use life.

Lay user questionnaire: 20 lay users evaluated the ease of use of the devices and the presentation of the labeling. All users answered that Easy Plus Il and Smartest Persona 1l Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems were very easy to use and the user manuals were written to make the devices easy to use.

# 8. Conclusion

Modifications to the cleared device, Easy Talk Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6277 (K100560), include voice feature change from talking to non-talking and housing design. In summary, the Easy Plus II (6276-S), Easy Plus Il Multi (6276-M), Smartest Persona II (6276-S), and Smartest Persona II Multi (6276-M) described in this submission are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

BIOTEST MEDICAL CORP.   
FRED LEE   
ENGINEERING/REG. MANAGER   
No. 3-2, CHiEn-KuO ROAD, TEPz TanTZU, 427, TAICHUNG; TAIWAN

Re: k133509 Trade/Device Name: Easy Plus Il Blood Glucose Monitoring Systcm, Model 6276-S Easy Plus II Multi Blood Glucosc Monitoring System, Model 6276-M Smartest Persona II Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-S Smartest Persona II Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-M Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX Dated: January 20, 2014 Received: January 22, 2014

Dear Mr. Lee:

We have reviewed your Seclion 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicale devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not mislcading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class |1 (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements conceming your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (rcporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Pant 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (2) CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htin for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-ree number (800) 638-204 1 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ruth A. Chesler -S

for Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K133509

Device Name Easy Plus II Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-S

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Easy Plus IBlood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276- is intended to be used for the quantitative pi e GluMyst Model 6s nted bes yge er nhould ot e ha Pu  Bloo Gluoel-i o P  BGucMoiysMol ouldo ee rapidly).

Te    G iv fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the finger and the forearm. .

Te s us  o o  h uB G sMode quality control check to verify that the meter and test strips are working together properly.

# This section applles only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*Do not send your completed form to the pra staff email addRess below.\*

The burden time for his colection infomation is estated to average7hours per response, includine time to review instructions, search existing data sources. gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Number (if known) K133509

Device Name Easy Plus I1 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-M

Indications tor Use (Descrde)   
The Esy us  Multi BloodGlucose Moniring ystem Model 7sntend  be s or e quaniativ pi Teu BoGuo p  u ge Glucose Monitoring System Model 627 should not be used or the diagnosis o or screening o diabetes  for u rapidly).

T    BG ue iv glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the finger and the forearm.

T  u o h u ulBo G 5276-M as a quality control check to verify that the meter and test strips are working together properly.

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# 'do not send your completed form to the pra staff email address below.'

The burden time forhis colection  infoation is estated toaverage7hours per esponse, include time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden stimate or any other aspec of this information collection, inciuding suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Device Name Smartest Persona II Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-S

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The martest rsona  Blood Glucose Monirin ystem Model 67is ntended tbeuseorhe quantv pi o Blood Glucose MonitoringSyst Model 67sintended  be used by  sgle person and should ot e h The  BlGuo sMoet BloGuMo o changing rapidly).

The ar rna T Sis re ith emars rna Bloo Gluce er  quniv neasure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the finger and the forearm.

The marte rnaCntolSoutns e ith  artest rna oo Gucoe onii Model 6276- s a qualiy control check to veriy that the meterand test strips e working together proy.

# Stayce Beck

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

The burden time for this colection f information is estmated to average7hours per response, incuding he time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing thls burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OM8 number."

510(k) Number (if known) K133509

Device Name Smartest Persona II Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 6276-M

# Indications for Use (Describe)

The Smartest Persona I Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model 6276-M is intended to be used or the i Perna Multi Blood Gucoe Monirig yst Model 7 intnded or eti utsie he ody ppeet houu The martest ersoa  Multi Bood Glucose Moitri yst Mode 676 hould ot eusr he ig i glucose in not changing rapidly).

The Smartest ersona  MultiTst Strips reorue with hemartest rsona  Blood Glucose Multi Mer quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the finger and the forearm.

The  ul   u o c SM7 ul ha  y

# PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

FOR FDA USE ONLY '-

Concurence of Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) (Signature)

# Stayce BeckF

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*Do nOT SenD youR CompLeted form to thE pRA staFF Email adDRess BEloW.\*

The burden time or this colectioninformation is stimated to average7hours per response incude time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.\*