April 15, 2014

EPS BIO TECHNOLOGY CORP. CYNTHIA HUNG REGULATORY SPECIALIST NO.8 R&D RD III, HSINCHU SCIENCE PARK HSINCHU CITY, TAIWAN 30077

Re: K133389 Trade/Device Name: EM40 Self-monitoring Blood Glucose Systemn EM40 Pro Blood Glucose System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucosc test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, LFR Dated: March 19, 2014 Received: March 20, 2014

Dear Ms. Hung:

We have reviewed your Section St0(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have bcen reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a preimarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not cvaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into cither class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complics with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

Page 2—Ms. Hung

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041. or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://wwv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://wwv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH1's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K133389

Device Name EM40 Pro Blood Glucose system

Indications for Use (Describe)

TeBG iven h o

ss  quantiativeymeasuregucosnvnus whol bloodesh cpillay ho blood m ni.

The EM40 Glucose Control Solution F.

Device Name EM40 Self Monitoring Blood Glucose system

Indications for Use (Describe)

The EM SeMnirBloo uco ytmten rhe utiaiveaemet gucos m

T  M to quantitativly measure glucose in resh capillary whole blood rom ingertip, palm, or frearm.

The M Glucos Contro Solutin s r eithM40 Blood Glucose S Monirig System  a ualy control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

# Katherine Serrano -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# 'DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burn tme or icollection normation is stald overageours per onse, ic e time to review instructions, earch existing dat sources, gather andmaintain the daa needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information uniess it displays a currently valid OMB number."