BIO-ANALYSIS, INC. C/O REGINA O'MEARA PRINCIPAL 27735 TAMARA DRIVE YORBA LINDA CA 92887

Re: K133303   
Trade/Device Name: Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone Enzyme Immunoassay (EIA) Kit, Pantex Sample Collection Device Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood specimen collection device Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JKA, CDZ Dated: November 17, 2014 Received: November 19, 2014

Dear Ms. Regina O'Meara:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k133303

Device Name Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone EIA Kit Pantex Sample Collection Device

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone EIA Kit is an Enzyme Immunoassay (EIA) for the quantitative measurement of testosterone in human saliva collected with the Pantex Sample Collection Device. The measurement of testosterone is used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving the male sex hormones (androgens), including primary and secondary hypogonadism, impotence in males, and females hirsutism (excessive hair) and virilization (masculinization) due to tumors, polycystic ovaries and andrenogential syndromes.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone EIA Kit

# Submitted by:

Pantex, Division of Bio-Analysis, Inc. 1701 Berkeley Street   
Santa Monica, CA 90404   
USA   
(310) 828-7423

# Company Contact:

Romulo Garza, Ph.D., President & Senior Scientist

# Date:

10/27/14

Trade Name:   
Common Name:   
Regulation Number and Panel:   
Classification Product Code:   
Classification:   
Pantex Sample Collection Device   
Blood Specimen Collection Device   
862.1675 / Clinical Chemistry (75)   
JKA   
Class II   
Trade Name:   
Common Name:   
Regulation Number and Panel:   
Classification Product Code:   
Classification:   
Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone EIA Kit   
Enzyme immunoassay, Testosterone, salivary   
862.1608 / Clinical Chemistry (75)   
CDZ   
Class I, Reserved

Predicate Device: Device Name: Company: 510(k) Reference:

Testosterone Luminescence Immunoassay   
IBL International GMBH   
K033786

# 1. Device Description:

# a. Test principle

The Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone EIA kit, $\mathrm { C a t } \# 6 3 5$ is based on the competition principal and microplate separation. Testosterone calibrators of known concentration, unknown amounts of testosterone in saliva samples and a fixed amount of testosterone (analog) conjugated to horse radish peroxidase (Testosterone-HRP) compete for binding sites with a rabbit monoclonal antiserum bound to GARGG (goat anti-rabbit gamma globulin) coated wells of a microplate. After incubation, unbound components are washed away, enzyme substrate solution is added and a blue color formed. This reaction is stopped with an acid solution to produce a yellow color. The optical density is then read at $4 5 0 \mathrm { n m }$ . The amount of Testosterone-HRP detected is inversely proportional to the amount of testosterone in a sample.

# b. Pantex Sample Collection Device

The Pantex collection device is a $1 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ , non-sterile, plain polypropylene tube with a screw cap. It is provided as 50 units per package. The expiration date of the Pantex Sample Collection Device is 48 months from the day of manufacture.

# c. Kit Contents

The kit consists of a 96 well GARGG (goat anti-rabbit gamma globulin) coated microplate (12x8 breakable strip wells), one concentrated stock testosterone calibrator $( 6 2 , 5 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m l ) }$ , one stock testosterone control $( 4 0 , 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m l ) }$ , both traceable to the USP, Anti-Testosterone (rabbit monoclonal), 20X concentrated testosterone-peroxidase (analog), substrate solution, stop reaction solution and 10X concentrated wash solution.

# d. Intended Use

The Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone ELA Kit is an Enzyme Immunoassay (EIA) for the quantitative measurement of testosterone in human saliva collected with the Pantex Sample Collection Device. The measurement of testosterone is used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving the male sex hormones (androgens), including primary and secondary hypogonadism, impotence in males, and females hirsutism (excessive hair) and virilization (masculinization) due to tumors, polycystic ovaries and andrenogential syndromes.

# 2. Technology Comparison

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:IBL Testosterone LIA(k033786)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device:Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone EIAKit(k133303)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indicationsfor use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luminescence Immunoassay (LIA)for the in-vitro diagnosticquantitative measurement oftestosterone in saliva.Measurement of testosterone (amale sex hormone) is used in thediagnosis of treatment of disordersinvolving the male sex hormones(androgens), including primary andsecondary hypogonadism,impotence in males and in females,hirsutism (excessive hair) andvirilization (masculinization) due totumors, polycystic ovaries andadrenogenital syndromes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Pantex Salivary Direct TestosteroneEIA Kit is an Enzyme Immunoassay(EIA) for the quantitative measurement oftestosterone in human saliva collectedwith the Pantex Sample CollectionDevice. The measurement of testosteroneis used in the diagnosis and treatment ofdisorders involving the male sexhormones (androgens), including primaryand secondary hypogonadism, impotencein males and in females, hirsutism(excessive hair) and virilization(masculinization) due to tumors,polycystic ovaries and adrenogenitalsyndromes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Free Testosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Free Testosterone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saliva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saliva</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luminescence Immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microplate Luminometer reader</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microplate Colormetric reader</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luminescence immunoassays (LIA)are based on the competitionprinciple. An unknown amount ofantigen present in the sample and afixed amount of enzyme labeledantigen compete for the bindingsites of the antibodies coated ontothe wells of a microplate. Afterincubation the wells are washed tostop the competition reaction. Afteraddition of the luminescencesubstrate solution, the intensity ofthe luminescence measured isinversely proportional to theamount of the antigen in thesample. Results of samples can bedetermined directly using thestandard curve.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme Immunoassays (EIA) are basedon the competition principle. Anunknown amount of antigen in the sampleand a fixed amount of enzyme labeledantigen compete for the binding sites ofantibodies coated onto a GARGG coatedmicroplate. After incubation, themicroplate is washed to stop thecompetition reaction and remove unboundcomponents. After addition of theenzyme substrate (TMB) solution, color isformed and the optical density read. Theintensity of the color measured isinversely proportional to the amount ofthe antigen present in the sample. Resultsof samples can be determined directlyusing the standard curve.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calculations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative determination withstandard curve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative determination with standardcurve</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QualityControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use of reference controls isrecommended</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use of reference controls is recommended</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyticalMeasuringRange(AMR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 pg/mL − 500 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4 pg/mL − 500 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ExpectedValues(Normalrange)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">FemaleAge Median Range   N5-95%20-29 19.0      5.5-49.0   4030-39 17.3       5.2-49.0   3940-49 13.8       4.5-49.0   4750-59 13.2      3.6-49.0   5360-69 15.8      2.9-38.8   33Male20-29 78.8      41.4-     55142.530-39 58.8      31.8-     35100.440-4954.4      30.1-97.8 4859-59 54.8      30.0-92.0 6460-6942.9      23.2-86.9 63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FemaleAge Medi 95% ref.  90% CIan     limits     (pg/mL)(pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-49 17.20   3.91 -40.9   3.70 -50.0 12050-70 14.75   4.51-34.17  4.2 -35.1   120Male20-49 86.6    41.12-      33.6-      120142.16     157.950-70 60.15   24.03-     22.0-      120119.52     131.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limits ofDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Sensitivity = 1.8 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Blank (LoB)1.8 pg/mLLimit of Detection (LoD)2.1 pg/mLLimit of Quantitation (LoQ)3.9 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SalivaCollectionDevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IBL Saliva Sampling Set (conicalpolypropylene tubes with 2.0 mLcapacity).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pantex sample collection device, Cat #PCD602. The Pantex collection device isa 10 mL, non-sterile, plain polypropylenetube with a screw cap. The expiration dateof the device is 48 months from the day of</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>manufacture.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Interference</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Did not test for interferences insalivary testosterone measurementwhen testing with caffeine, food,nicotine, alcohol. or chewing gum.</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>An in-vivo study with caffeine, foqnicotine, alcohol and chewing gumTable Continuesnot reveal significant interference in themeasurement of testosterone in salivausing the Pantex Salivary DirectTestosterone EIA Kit, Cat #635.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Table Continues</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability andStorage ofKit reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stated as stable at 2-8°C until kitsexpiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4 months at 2-8°C. The stability study isstill on-going.</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

The performance characteristics of the Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone EIA Kit were based on evaluations by the following analytical performance tests. All saliva samples used in the performance testing were collected and processed through the Pantex Sample Collection Device (Cat # PCD602).

# a. Precision/Reproducibility

The intra-assay precision was determined from 20 replicates of low, medium and high saliva pools.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviation(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.641</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>318.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.517</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr></table>

The inter-assay precision was determined from the mean of the average of duplicates for 12 separate assays with low, medium and high saliva pools.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviation(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.232</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.847</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr></table>

The inter-lot precision was determined by duplicate measurements of five (5) saliva samples and two levels of one (1) spiked control in saliva like matrix, using three (3) different reagent lots. The results of intra-assay, inter-assay and inter-lot variation concluded a $\% \mathrm { C V }$ of $leq 1 0 \%$ for each sample tested.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SalivaSamplesID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot # 007mean(pg/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot # 008mean(pg/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot # 009mean(pg/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inter-lotmean(pg/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inter-lotStd. Dev.(pg/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inter-lot%CV(pg/ml)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>319.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.723</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.793</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.586</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.808</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr></table>

# Repeatability

This study was conducted during 5 days of a familiarization period and 20 days of testing. Two assays were performed daily with a minimum of 1 hour between assays. Three (3) different reagents lots and three (3) saliva pools were used for the study (low, medium and high concentration). The pools were aliquoted and frozen until the day of assay.

# Precision Study Data Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleConcentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity

Ten (10) sample concentrations that span the assay measuring range were prepared and assayed per CLSI EP6-A, Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures.   
${ \bf S } { = } 1 0$ samples (dilutions)   
Concentration $= ( \mathbf { C } 1 ^ { * } \mathbf { V } 1 + \mathbf { C } 1 0 ^ { * } \mathbf { V } 1 0 ) / ( \mathbf { V } 1 + \mathbf { V } 1 0 )$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C1pg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V1ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C10pg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V10ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalculatedConcentrationpg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedConcentrationpg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.889</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.778</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.667</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.556</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.444</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.444</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.556</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>353.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>323.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.667</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>422.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>401.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.778</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>492.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>461.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.889</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>562.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>650.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2</td></tr></table>

\* Targets of low and high sample concentrations.

The results demonstrate that the assay is linear from $5 . 5 - 6 5 0 . 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ . $( \mathrm { Y } { = } 0 . 9 5 9 7 \mathrm { x } + 3 . 3 3 5$ , $\mathrm { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 6 8 5 )$

# c. Recovery

Seven (7) saliva samples containing different levels of endogenous testosterone were spiked with known quantities of testosterone and assayed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous(pg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Added(pg/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected(pg/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed(pg/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.850</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134.800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127.900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>353.700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>346.800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>538.600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>497.600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4</td></tr></table>

# d. Manual Dilution

A 1:10 sample manual dilution study was performed utilizing six (6) samples to verify the accuracy of the dilution procedure with a dilution factor of 10. The following table indicates the summary of results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SubjectAL-209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedEndogenousValue(pg/mL)346.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestosteroneSpiked(pg/mL)0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue(pg/mL)346.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed1:10 dilutedValue(pg/mL)33.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AppliedFactor 10(pg/mL)333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)96.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AL-210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*AL-225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>633.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AL-227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>229.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>229.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*AL-228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>850</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>931</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*AL-247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1125.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.7</td></tr></table>

\* Spiked samples.

# 4. Reagent Stability/Sample Stability/Expected Values

The long term stability study for reagents stored at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ is currently on-going; however, at the time of this executive summary report the expiration date supported by the results obtained on the stability study is 4 months from the manufacturing date when the reagents are stored at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . As the stability study progresses, the expiration date will be upgraded accordingly.

# a. Open Vial Stability

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Condition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage Temperature</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 -8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Working Testosterone-HRP Conjugate solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluted working testosterone stock calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 8C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluted working testosterone stock control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 -8</td></tr></table>

# b.Sample Stability

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-28°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤-15°C(7 freeze/thawcycles)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤-15°C(Long term)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 7 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 7days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 7days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 7 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 180 days</td></tr></table>

# c. Sample Shipping, Handling and Storage Conditions Stability

The samples were shipped to a location outside the testing site on 7/2/14 and returned to the testing site on 7/11/14 representing a total of 9 days in transit; thereafter, the samples were stored at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ , $2 0 { - } 2 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , $3 7 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ and $\mathrm { \leq } \mathrm { - } 1 5 \mathrm { } ^ { \mathrm { \mathrm { \mathrm { o } } } } \mathrm { C }$ for 7 days and tested after 3 days and 7 days. Based on the results obtained, it appears that the samples retained their physical integrity and testosterone levels remained unaffected for 9 days in transit and up to 7 days when stored at the stated temperatures.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C androomtemperatureduring transit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-28°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤-15°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In transitstabilityuponreturn tothetestingsite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 9 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Afterreturningstability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 7 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 7 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 7 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 7days</td></tr></table>

# 5. Expected Reference Values:

The reference range was established by testing 120 male saliva samples and 120 female saliva samples to have an equal number of male and female samples. The reference range and median were calculated using CLSI C28-A3 as a guide. The following tables indicate the summary of the results.

Female Expected Values:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subjects(Number)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age(Age)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median (pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ReferenceLimits (pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90% CI (pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.91 - 40.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70 - 50.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.51  34.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2  35.1</td></tr></table>

Male Expected Values:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subjects(Number)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age(Age)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median (pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ReferenceLimits (pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90% CI (pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.12 - 142.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.6 - 157.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.03 - 119.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.0 - 131.9</td></tr></table>

# 6. Detection Limits:

The Detection Limit Study for determining the limit of the blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD) and the limit of quantitation (LoQ) for the Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone EIA Kit, Cat $\# 6 3 5$ was performed using several low testosterone samples and two different reagent lot numbers that were assayed twice per day over a period of 3 days. (Reference, CLSI EP 17-A, protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation).

<table><tr><td>Limit of the Blank (LoB) pg/mL</td><td>Limit of Detection (LoD) pg/mL</td><td>Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>1.8</td><td>2.1</td><td>3.9</td></tr></table>

# 7. Analytical Specificity/Cross Reactivity

The cross reactivity of the antiserum was determined by spiking three (3) saliva pools (low, medium and high) with two (2) concentrations ( $\mathrm { 1 0 , 0 0 0 p g / m l }$ and $2 0 { , } 0 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L } )$ of each potential cross reactant. The percent cross reaction was calculated using the following equation as per CLSI (EP7-A2) guidelines.

The $\%$ Cross-reactivity $= 1 0 0 ^ { * }$ [measured value – true value] [concentration of interferant ] Where, Measured value $=$ is the spiked measured value and True value $=$ is the un-spiked obtained value and concentration of interferan $t = i s$ the amount of the compound spiked   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Testosteronesample (% CrossReactivity)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium TestosteroneSample (% CrossReactivity)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Testosteronesample (% CrossReactivity)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 β-OH Testosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.407</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.486</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.242</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 α-OH Testosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.869</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.033</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.601</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 α-Dihydro-Testosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.540</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.474</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.347</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Androstenedione</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.718</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.876</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.604</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methyl Testosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.410</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.597</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.889</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testosterone SO4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.067</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHEA SO4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHEA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Keto DHEA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.008</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Progesterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.276</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.179</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17 β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.175</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.173</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.135</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17 α-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.008</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.013</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Danazol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.063</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexamethasone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.025</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.051</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-5-Androstene-3 β, 17 β -diol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.691</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.827</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.497</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.012</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethisterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.037</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.050</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.084</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norgestrel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.033</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.071</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testosterone propionate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.068</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.065</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.134</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 α-Androstane-3 β, 17 β-diol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.497</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.745</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.571</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Keto Testosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.158</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.079</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.038</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.018</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisolone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.023</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.028</td></tr></table>

# 8. Method Comparison Studies

A comparative study was performed between the Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone EIA Kit Cat $\# 6 3 5$ and a FDA cleared predicate device. A total of 106 samples were used for the study (range 6.45–458.35 $\mathrm { { p g / m l } ) }$ of which 9 samples were spiked representing $8 . 5 \%$ (range $2 5 2 . 1 - 4 2 4 . 2 \mathrm { p g / m L } )$ of the total number of samples. The results show the following regression and correlation statistics.

<table><tr><td>Linear Regression equation</td><td>Y = 0.9035X + 5.81</td></tr><tr><td>Correlation</td><td>R2= 0.98</td></tr></table>

# Traceability

The synthetic Testosterone used in the manufacturing of the Testosterone Stock Calibrator and the Testosterone Stock Control is traceable to the U.S. Pharmacopeia (USP) catalog number 1646009, Lot number J0G360.

# 9. Interference Studies

Using CLSI-A2 Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry as a guide, an in-vivo simulated experiment was performed after collecting saliva samples from subjects before (control) and after contact (exposed) with five (5) commonly consumed products (coffee, food, gum, alcohol and cigarette smoke). The control and exposed samples were tested with the Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone EIA Kit, Cat $\# 6 3 5$ . The results indicated no significant differences in salivary testosterone values between the controls and exposed samples.

In-vivo simulated experiment results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InterferenceSubstance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collection Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed value(pg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recovery fromControl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JGA-Day1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No food</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JGB-Day1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Food</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JGA-Day 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No coffee</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JGB-Day 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coffee</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JGA-Day3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No wine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JGA-Day 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No gum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JGA-Day 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No smoke</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Smoke</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InterferenceSubstance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collection Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed value(pg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recovery fromControl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MGA-Day1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No food</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MGB-Day1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Food</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MGA-Day 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No coffee</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MGB-Day 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coffee</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MGA-Day3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No wine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MGB-Day 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">102.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MGA-Day 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No gum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MGB-Day 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MGA-Day 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No smoke</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MGB-Day 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Smoke</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DGA-Day1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No food</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DGB-Day1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Food</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">102.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DGA-Day 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No coffee</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DGB-Day 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coffee</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DGA-Day3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No wine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">123.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DGB-Day 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DGA-Day 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No gum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DGB-Day 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DGA-Day 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No smoke</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DGB-Day 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Smoke</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RGA-Day1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No food</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RGB-Day1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Food</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RGA-Day 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No coffee</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RGB-Day 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coffee</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RGA-Day3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No wine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RGB-Day 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RGA-Day 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No gum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RGB-Day 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RGA-Day 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No smoke</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:00 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RGB-Day 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Smoke</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8:15 AM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104.2</td></tr></table>

Using CLSI-A2 as a guide, an interference study was conducted using three (3) potential interferants whole blood, sodium azide and thimerosal to determine their effects on salivary testosterone samples. The interferants were tested using the following concentrations $0 . 0 5 \%$ , $0 . 1 0 \%$ , $0 . 2 5 \%$ and $0 . 5 \%$ . Based on the results, it was determined that whole blood, thimerosal and sodium azide affect salivary testosterone samples by either increasing or suppressing testosterone values. Saliva samples containing any of the three interferants in question should be avoided when using the Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone EIA Kit, Cat # 635.

# 10. Conclusion:

Taken together, the performance characteristics, comparison studies with a predicate device and acceptable statistical performance studies in this 510(k) Class I Reserved submission demonstrates that the Pantex Salivary Direct Testosterone EIA Kit, Cat $\# 6 3 5$ , is safe and effective for its intended use and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device