# Section 006: 510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) Number: _k133128

1. Submitter Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

# Contact Person:

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

Asha Gartland   
Technical Regulatory Affairs Specialist (914)-524-3257   
(914)-524-2101 .   
asha.gartland@siemens.com   
October 16, 2013

2Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code: Panel:

IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material   
Quality Contrl materials for MULITE® 200 HCG assy   
Calibration Verification Material (CVM) for IMMULITE® 2000 HCG   
assay   
21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX  Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

Elecsys HCG CalCheck 5   
K092168

4. Device Description:

The Calibration Verification Material (CVM) contains One set of four vials each 3mL. CVMl contains HCG-free human serum with preservatives. CVM2, CVM3 and CVM4 contain HCG added to HCG-free human serum respectively, with preservatives.

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below: The IMMULITE® HCG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE HCG assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s): Special Instrument Requirements:

For prescription use only

IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Coimparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 HCG CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys HCG CalCheck 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® HCG CalibrationVerification Material (CVM) is for invitro diagnostic use in the verification ofcalibration of the IMMULITE HCG assayon the IMMULITE 2000 systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys HCG CalCheck 5 is anassayed control for use in calibrationverification and for use in theverification of the assay rangeestablished by the Elecsys HCG+βreagent and Elecsys HCG STAT reagenton the indicated Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum with preservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until the expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 HCG CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys HCG CalCheck 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤20°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not For Single Use</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Performance testing has been carred out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance specifications for its intend use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

# 7.1 Stability Summary:

The stability study was conducted to validate shelf life claim for the IMMULITE 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the CVM. The IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Materials are stable up to 2.5 years when stored frozen at ${ \bf - } 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ prior to opening.

# 7.1.1 Stability Protocol Summary:

The CVM study protocols are run as part of the calibrator stability testing. The stability CVMs and reference CVMs are run in duplicate (as a minimum) at the time points shown in Table 2 and the dose value determined from the reference calibrator curve.

Table 2: Stability Time Points   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Time-Points (Days)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCGCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCGCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCGCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCGCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912</td></tr></table>

# 7.1.2 Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:

The Acceptance Criteria for the IMMULITE HCG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) consists of 2 parts. Part 1 consists of the Guideline acceptance criteria which require dose value of stability calibrator/CVM to fall between $\pm 1 2 \%$ of assigned dose for CVM level 2 and $\pm 8 \%$ of assigned dose for CVM levels 3 and 4. Part 2 review limits criteria which require dose value of the controls to be within 2SD of the control target value when generated from the stability calibrator curve. If the result is not within acceptable dose range of $\pm 1 2 \%$ for level 2 and $\pm 8 \%$ for levels 3 and 4 then additional data review is conducted using part 2 criteria. The acceptance criterion is summarized in Table 3.

Table 3 Acceptance criteria for stability of IMMULITE 2000 HCG CVM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssignedDose(mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline Criteria% difference toassigned dose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable doserange (mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReviewLimits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCGCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.40</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Controls arewithin 2SDof target oneach curve</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCGCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.23 - 10.47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCGCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>654</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>601.68-706.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCGCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5327</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4101.79-6552.21</td></tr></table>

# 7.2 Traceability:

The IMMULITE HCG CVMs are traceable to WHO 3rd IS (75/537) and are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 7.3 Value Assignment:

HCG CVMs are 4 level materials which are a subset of 12 level HCG calibrators. Calibrators are not commercialized but are used internally during manufacture and release testing of HCG reagents and two point adjustors. The IMMULITE calibrators and therefore CVMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using HCG antigen spiked in a human serum matrix with preservatives and are traceable to WHO 3rd IS (75/537). Six levels of commercially available controls, and 30 pregnancy samples were used to validate calibrator/CVM value assignments.

The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures. The CVMs were tested on 15 replicates in total comprised of 5 runs and 3 replicates per run on 5 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The CVMs' dose values are generated using curve generated by assigned reference calibrators. The CVM values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. CVM values are then averaged across all systems. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples, spiked patient samples and controls using the assigned CVM values. The controls must fall within their target ranges.

# 7.4 Expected Values/Reference Range:

Each CVM level was tested for a total of 15 replicates; 5 runs and 3 replicates per run. 3 different reagent kit lots and 5 different instruments were used to gain 15 replicates. The Guideline Range $9 5 \%$ confidence interval) for each CVM level was established based on the Target Mean and $\pm 2$ Standard Deviation (SD). The expected values are provided in the IMMULITE® 2000 CVM Calibration verification Material lot-specific package insert. The expected assay range is $1 - 5 0 0 0 \mathrm { m l U / m L }$ . The target values in Table 4 can be considered as guidelines.

Table 4: Target Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Analytetarget levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Mean(mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviation(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline ±2SD Range(mIU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5:4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>661</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>734</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4965</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>571</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>- 5000 mlU/mL</td></tr></table>

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot specific.

# Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents   
Guidance for Industry - Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic   
Calibrators   
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control   
Material

# Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8. Conclusion:

The IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Elecsys HCG CalCheck 5. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE $\otimes$ 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

# 510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination o substantial equivalence. The assigned 510(k) Number: k133128

. Submitter Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

# Contact Person:

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

Asha Gartland   
Technical Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
(914)-524-3257   
(914)-524-2101   
asha.gartland@siemens.com   
October 16, 2013

.Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

IMMULITE® 2000 Insulin Calibration Verification Material Quality Control materials for IMMULITE® 2000 Insulin assay Calibration Verification Material (CVM) for IMMULITE® 2000 Insulin assay

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code:

21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX  Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)

Panel:

Clinical Chemistry (75)

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

Elecsys Insulin CalCheck 5   
K101075

Device Description:

The Calibration Verification Material (CVM) contains one set of four vials, $2 \ \mathrm { \ m L }$ each. CVMl contains an equine serum matrix with preservatives. CVM2, CVM3 and CVM4 contain various levels of insulin in an equine serum matrix with preservatives.

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below The IMMULITE® Insulin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Insulin assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s): Special Instrument Requirements:

For prescription use only

IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

6. Technologica! Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE $\dot { \otimes }$ 2000 Insulin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Insulin CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys Insulin CalCheck 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® Insulin CalibrationVerification Material (CVM) is for invitro diagnostic use in the verification ofcalibration of the IMMULITE Insulinassay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys Insulin CalCheck 5 is anassayed control for use in calibrationverification and for use in theverification of the assay rangeestablished by the Elecsys Insulinreagent on the indicated Elecsys andcobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until the expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Insulin CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys Insulin CalCheck 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equine serum with preservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine serum with preservatives</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤20°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not For Single Use</td></tr></table>

Performance testing has been carred out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance specifications for its intended use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

# 7.1 Stability Summary:

The stability study was conducted to validate shelf life claim for the IMMULITE 2000 Insulin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the CVM. The IMMULITE® 2000 Calibration Verification Materials are stable up to 5 years when stored at $\bf { \Omega } { \cdot } 2 0 ^ { \circ } C$ prior to opening.

# 7.1.1 Stability Protocol Summary:

The CVM study protocols are run as part of the calibrator stability testing. The stability CVMs and reference CVMs are run in duplicate (as a minimum) at the time points shown in Table 2 and the dose value determined from the reference calibrator curve.

Table 2: Stability Time Points   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Time-Points (Days)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LINCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1825</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LINCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1825</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LINCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1825</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LINCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1825</td></tr></table>

# 7.1.2 Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:

The Acceptance Criteria for the IMMULITE Insulin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) are in 2 parts. Part 1 consists of the guideline acceptance criteria which require dose value of stability calibrator/CVM to fall between $\pm 1 2 \%$ of assigned dose for CVM level 2, $\pm 1 0 \%$ of assigned dose for CVM levels 3 and $\pm 1 3 \%$ for CVM level 4. Part 2 review limits criteria which require dose value of the controls to be within 2sD of the control target value when generated from the stability calibrator curve: If the result is not within acceptable dose range of $\pm 1 2 \%$ for level 2, $\pm 1 0 \%$ for levels 3 and $\pm 1 3 \%$ for CVM level 4 then additional data review is conducted using part 2 criteria. The acceptance criterion is summarized in Table 3.

Table 3: Acceptance criteria for stability of IMMULITE 2000 Insulin CVM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssignedDose(μIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline Criteria% difference to assigneddose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable dose range(μIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReviewLimits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LINCVMI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;2.00</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Controls arewithin 2SDof target oneach curve</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LINCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±12%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.16-7.84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LINCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.49 - 28.71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LINCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±13%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>363.66  472.34</td></tr></table>

# 7.2 Traceability:

The IMMULITE Insulin CVMs are traceable to WHO NIBSC 1st IRP (66/304). The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 7.3 Value Assignment:

The Insulin CVMs are 4 level materials which are a subset of 10 level Insulin calibrators. Calibrators are not commercialized but are used internally during manufacture and release testing of Insulin reagents and two point adjustors. The IMMULITE calibrators and therefore CVMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using recombinant human Insulin antigen spiked into horse Serum with preservatives. Two levels of commercially available controls, and 30 patient samples (20 normal patients samples and 10 spiked samples) are used to validate calibrator/CVM value assignments.

The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures. The CVMs were tested on 26 replicates in total comprised of 9 runs and 2 or 3 replicates per run on 7 systems and 5 different reagent kit lots. The CVMs' dose values are generated using curve generated by assigned reference calibrators. The CVM values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. CVM values are then averaged across all systems. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples, spiked patient samples and controls using the assigned CVM values. The controls must fall within their target ranges.

# 7.4 Expected Values/Reference Range:

Each CVM level was tested for a total of 26 replicates; 9 runs and 2 or 3 replicates per run. 5 different reagent kit lots and 7 different instruments were used to gain 26 replicates. The Guideline Range $9 5 \%$ confidence interval) for each CVM level was established based on the Target Mean and $\pm \nobreakspace 2 \nobreakspace$ Standard Deviation (SD). The expected values are provided in the IMMULITE® 2000 CVM Calibration Verification Material lot-specific package insert The expected assay range is $0 . 2 \mathrm { ~ - } 3 0 0 \mathrm { ~ } \mu \mathrm { I U / m L }$ The target values in Table 4 can be considered as guidelines.

Table 4: Target Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Analyte targetlevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Mean(μIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviation(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline ±2SDRange(μIU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>: 314 *(75% CVM4+25% CVM1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>355</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>0.2 -300 μIU/mL</td></tr></table>

\*Note:CVM4 requires dilution to ensure the target value is within $+ 1 0 \%$ of the top of the reportable range of the assay.

Each laboratory should establish their limits. for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot specific.

# Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents   
Guidance for Industry  Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic   
Calibrators   
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff  Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control   
Material

# Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8. Conclusion:

The IMMULITE® 2000 Insulin Calibration Verification Material is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Elecsys Insulin CalCheck 5. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE® 2000 Insulin Calibration Verification Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

# 510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence. The assigned 510(k) Number: _K133128

. Submitter Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

# Contact Person:

Asha Gartland   
Technical Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
(914)-524-3257   
(914)-524-2101   
asha.gartland@siemens.com   
October 16, 2013

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

2.Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

IMMULITE® 2000 Pyrilinks-D Calibration Verification   
Material   
Quality Control materials for IMMULITE® 2000Pyrilinks-D   
assay   
Calibration Verification Material (CVM) for IMMULITE® 2000   
Pyrilinks-D assay   
21 CFR 862. 1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX  Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and   
Unassayed   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code:

Panel:

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

IMMULITE® Unconjugated Estriol (uE3) Calibration   
Verification Material (CVM)   
K110061

4Device Description:

The Calibration Verification Material (CVM) contains one set of four vials, $2 m L$ each. CVM1 contains a phosphoric acid and sodium chloride matrix. CVM2, CVM3 and CVM4 contain various levels of $\boldsymbol { \mathsf { H } }$ -Deoxypyridinoline in a phosphoric acid and sodium chloride matrix.

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below   
The IMMULITE® Pyrilinks-D Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Pyrilinks-D assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s): Special Instrument Requirements:

For prescription use only IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

6.Technological Characteristics _ and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE® 2000 PyrilinksD Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Pyrilinks-D CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE uE3 CalibrationVerification Material (CVM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® Pyrilinks-DCalibration Verification Material(CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use inthe verification of calibration of theIMMULITE Pyrilinks-D assay on theIMMULITE 2000 systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use as acontrol for the calibrationverification of the IMMULITEUnconjugated Estriol (uE3) assayson the IMMULITE/IMMULITE1000 and 2000 systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until the expirationdate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Pyrilinks-D CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE uE3 CalibrationVerification Material (CVM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pyrilinks-D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Estriol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>phosphoric acid and sodium chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Horse serum with preservatives</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S20°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Performance testing has been caried out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance specifications for its intended use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

# 7.1 Stability Summary:

The stability study was conducted to validate shelf life claim for the IMMULITE 2000 Pyrilinks-D Calibration Verification Material (CVM) to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the CVM. The IMMULITE® 2000 Pyrilinks-D Calibration Verification Materials (CVMs) are stable up to years when sored at $\mathbf { - } 2 0 \textdegree C$ prior to opening.

# 7.1.1 Stability Protocol Summary:

The CVM study protocols are run as part of the calibrator stability testing. The stability CVMs and reference CVMs are run in duplicate (as a minimum) at the time points shown in Table 2 and the dose value determined from the reference calibrator curve.

Table 2: Stability Time Points   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Time-Points (Days)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LPDCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1642</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1825</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LPDCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1642</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1825</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LPDCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1642</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1825</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LPDCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1642</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1825</td></tr></table>

# 7.1.2 Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:

The Acceptance Criteria for the IMMULITE Pyrilinks-D Calibration Verification Material (CVM) are in 2 parts. Part 1 consists of the guideline acceptance criteria which require dose value of stability calibrator/CVM to fall between $\pm 1 0 \%$ of assigned dose. Part 2 review limits criteria which require dose value of the controls to be within 2SD of the control target value when generated from the stability calibrator curve. If the result is not within acceptable dose range of $\pm 1 0 \%$ then additional data review is conducted using part 2 criteria. The acceptance criterion is summarized in Table 3.

Table 3: Acceptance criteria for stability of IMMULITE 2000 Pyrilinks-D CVM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssignedDose(nmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline Criteria% difference to assigneddose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable dose range(nmol/L).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReviewLimits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LPDCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;7.00</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Controls arewithin 2SDof target oneach curve</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LPDCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.47-20.13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LPDCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.10-53.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LPDCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>302.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>271.80 - 332.20</td></tr></table>

# 7.2 Traceability:

The IMMULITE Pyrilinks-D CVMs are traceable to internal material which has been gravimetrically prepared. The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 7.3 Value Assignment:

Pyrilinks-D CVMs are 4 level materials which are a subset of 8 level Pyrilinks-D calibrators. Calibrators are not commercialized but are used internally during manufacture and release testing of Pyrilinks-D reagents and two point adjustors. The IMMULITE calibrators and therefore CVMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using Hydrolysed Deoxypyridiniline antigen spiked in a matrix consisting of Phosphoric acid and Sodium Chloride in deionised water. Two levels of commercially available controls and 30 patient female urine samples are used to validate calibrator/CVM value assignments.

The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures. The CVMs were tested on 15 replicates in total comprised of 5 runs and 3 replicates per run on 4 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The CVMs' dose values are generated using curve generated by assigned reference calibrators. The CVM values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. CVM values are then averaged across all systems. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples, spiked patient samples and controls using the assigned CVM values. The controls must fall within their target ranges.

# 7.4 Expected Values/Reference Range:

Each CVM level was tested for a toial of 15 replicates; 5 runs and 3 replicates per run. 3 different reagent kit lots and 4 different instruments were used to gain 15 replicates. The Guideline Range $9 5 \%$ confidence interval) for each CVM level was established based on the Target Mean and $\pm 2$ Standard Deviation (SD). The expected values are provided in the IMMULITE® 2000 CVM Calibration Verition Material lo-speciic package insert. The expected assay range is $\mathrm { 7 } \mathrm { - } 3 0 0 \mathrm { n m o l / L }$ .The target values in Table 4 can be considered as guidelines.

Table 4: Target Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Analyte targetlevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Mean(nmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviationSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline ±2SD Range(nmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤7.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>331</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>7 -300 nmol/L</td></tr></table>

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot specific.

# Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents Guidance for Industry - Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators − Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

# Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8. Conclusion:

The IMMULITE® 2000 Pyrilinks-D Calibration Verification Material is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed IMMULITE Unconjugated Estriol (uE3) Calibration Verification Material (CVM). The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE $\otimes$ 2000 Pyrilinks-D Calibration Verification Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

# 510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence. The assigned 510(k) Number: _K133128

. Submitter Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

# Contact Person:

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

Asha Gartland   
Technical Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
(914)-524-3257   
(914)-524-2101   
asha.gartland@siemens.com   
October 16, 2013

2. Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

IMMULITE® 2000 Homocysteine Calibration Verification   
Material   
Quality Control materials for MMULITE® 2000Homocysteine assay   
Calibration Verification Material (CVM) for IMMULITE® 2000   
Homocysteine assay   
21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX - Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code: Panel:

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

Audit™M MicroCVTM Homocysteine Linearity Set K100715

4Device Description:

The Calibration Verification Material (CVM) contains one set of four vials, 2mL each. CVM 1 contains a bovine protein/buffer matrix with preservatives. CVM2, CVM3 and CVM4, contain various levels of sadenosyl-L-homocysteine in a bovine protein/buffer matrix with preservatives.

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below   
The IMMULITE $\infty$ Homocysteine Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Homocysteine assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s): Special Instrument Requirements:

For prescription use only IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended .use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE $\otimes$ 2000 Homocysteine Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Homocysteine CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceAudit® MicroCVTM HomocysteineLinearity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® HomocysteineCalibration Verification Material (CVM) isfor in vitro diagnostic use in theverification of calibration of theIMMULITE Homocysteine assay on theIMMULITE 2000 systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Audit® MicroCVT HomocysteineLinearity for use with SiemensCentaur ImmunoassaySystems, is intended to simulate humanpatient serum samples for purpose ofdetermining linearity, calibrationverification and verification ofreportable range for Homocysteine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homocysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until the expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Homocysteine CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceAudit® MicroCVT HomocysteineLinearity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine protein/buffer matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not For Single Use</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Performance testing has been carried out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance specifications for its intend use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

# 7.1 Stability Summary:

The stability study was conducted to validate shelf life claim for the IMMULITE 2000 Homocysteine Calibration Verification Material (CVM) to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the CVM. The IMMULITE® 2000 Homocysteine Calibration Verification Materials (CVMs) are stable up to 3.5 years when stored at $\mathbf { \nabla } \cdot 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathbf { C }$ prior to opening.

The CVM study protocols are run as part of the calibrator stability testing. The stability CVMs and reference CVMs are run in duplicate (as a minimum) at the time points shown in Table 2 and the dose value determined from the reference calibrator curve.

Table 2: Stability Protocol Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Time-Points (Days)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LHOCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1095</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LH0CVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1095</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LHOCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1095</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LHOCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1095</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td></tr></table>

# Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:

The Acceptance Criteria for the IMMULITE Homocysteine Calibration Verification Material (CVM) are in 2 parts. Part 1 consists of the guideline acceptance criteria which require dose value of stability calibrator/CVM to fall between $\pm 1 5 \%$ of assigned dose for CVM level 2, $\pm 1 0 \%$ of assigned dose for CVM levels 3 and 4. Part 2 review limits criteria which require dose value of the controls to be within 2SD of the control target value when generated from the stability calibrator curve. If the result is not within acceptable dose range of $\pm 1 5 \%$ for level 2 and $\pm 1 0 \%$ for levels 3 and 4 then additional data review is conducted using part 2 criteria. The acceptance criterion is summarized in Table 3.

Table 3 : Acceptance criteria for stability of IMMULITE 2000 Homocysteine CVM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssignedDose(μmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline Criteria% difference to assigneddose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable dose range(μmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReviewLimits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LHOCVMI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;2.0</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Controls arewithin 2SDof target oneach curve</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LHOCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50 -4.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LHOCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.84-19.36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LHOCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.35 - 78.65</td></tr></table>

# 7.2 Traceability:

The IMMULITE Homocysteine CVMs are traceable to internal material which has been gravimetrically prepared. The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 7.3 Value Assignment:

Homocysteine CVMs are 4 level materials which are a subset of 7 level Homocysteine calibrators. Calibrators are not commercialized but are used internally during manufacture and release testing of Homocysteine reagents and two point adjustors. The IMMULITE calibrators and therefore CVMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using s-adenosyl-L-homocysteine spiked into a Bovine protein/buffer matrix and are traceable to internal material which has been gravimetrically prepared. Two levels of commercially available controls and 40 samples (30 spiked samples, 5 normal samples and 5 patient samples) are used to validate calibrator/CVM value assignments.

The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures. The CVMs were tested on 27 replicates in total comprised of 9 runs and 3 replicates per run on 7 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The CVMs' dose values are generated using curve generated by assigned reference calibrators. The CVM values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. CVM values are then averaged across all systems. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples, spiked patient samples and controls using the assigned CVM values. The controls must fall within their target ranges.

# 7.4 Expected Values/Reference Range:

Each CVM level was tested for a total of 27 replicates; 9 runs and 3 replicates per run. 3 different reagent kit lots and 7 different instruments were used to gain 27 replicates. The Guideline Range $9 5 \%$ confidence interval) for each CVM level was established based on the Target Mean and $\pm \nobreakspace 2 \nobreakspace$ Standard Deviation (SD). The expected values are provided in the IMMULITE® 2000 CVM Calibration verification Material lot-speciic package $\cdot$ insert. The expected assay range is $2 \ { \cdot } 5 0 \ \mu \mathrm { m o l / L }$ . The target values in Table 4 can be considered as guidelines.

Table 4: Target Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Analyte targetlevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Mean(μmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviation(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline ±2SDRange(μmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.1*(70% CVM4 +30% CVM1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.55:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>2-50 μmol/L</td></tr></table>

\*Not:CVM4 requires dilution to ensure the target value is within $+ 1 0 \%$ of the top of the reportable range of the assay.

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative; total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot specific.

# Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents   
Guidance for Industry  Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic   
Calibrators   
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff  Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control   
Material

# Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8. Conclusion:

The IMMULITE $\otimes$ 2000 Homocysteine Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Audit® MicroCVTM Homocysteine Linearity for use with Siemens Centaur $\otimes$ Immunoassay Systems. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness.

Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE® 2000 Homocysteine Calibration Verification Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination o substantial equivalence

# 510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) Number: _k133128

Submitter Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

# Contact Person:

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

Asha Gartland   
Technical Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
(914)-524-3257   
(914)-524-2101   
asha.gartland@siemens.com   
October 16, 2013

2. Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand:

Type of Test:

IMMULITE® 2000 Growth Hormone Calibration Verification Material   
Quality Control materials for IMMULIT® 2000Growth Hormone assay   
Calibration Verification Material (CVM) for IMMULITE® 2000 Growth Hormone assay

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code: Panel:

21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX  Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

IMMULITE® Unconjugated Estriol (uE3) Calibration Verification   
Material (CVM)   
K110061

4. Device Description:

The Calibration Verification Material (CVM) contains one set of four vials, $2 \ \mathrm { m L }$ each. CVM 1 contains an equine serum matrix with preservatives. CVM2, CVM3 and CVM4 contain various levels of human growth hormone in equine serum matrix with preservatives.

5.Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below   
The IMMULITE $\otimes$ Growth Hormone Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Growth Hormone assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s): Special Instrument Requirements:

For prescription use only

IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE® 2000 Growth Hormone Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Growth Hormone CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE uE3CalibrationVerification Material (CVM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® Growth HormoneCalibration Verification Material (CVM) isfor in vitro diagnostic use in the verificationof calibration of the IMMULITE GrowthHormone assay on the IMMULITE 2000systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use as acontrol for the calibration verificationof the IMMULITE® UnconjugatedEstriol (uE3) assays on theIMMULITE/IMMULITE 1000 and2000 systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equine serum with preservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until the expirationdate on the vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Growth Hormone CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE uE3 CalibrationVerification Material (CVM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Growth Hormone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Estriol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Performance testing has been carried out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance specifications for its intend use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

# 7.1 Stability Summary:

The stability study was conducted to validate shelf life claim for the IMMULITE 2000 Growth Hormone Calibration Verification Material (CVM) to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the CVM. The IMMULITE® 2000 Growth Hormone Calibration Verification Materials (CVMs) are stable up to 6 years when stored at ${ \bf 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } C }$ prior to opening.

# 7.1.1 Stability Protocol Summary:

The CVM study protocols are run as part of the calibrator stability testing. The stability CVMs and reference CVMs are run in duplicate (as a minimum) at the time points shown in Table 2 and the dose value determined from the reference calibrator curve.

Table 2: Stability Protocol Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Time-Points (Days)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGRHCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1642</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2190</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGRHCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1642</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2190</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGRHCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1642</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2190</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGRHCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1642</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2190</td></tr></table>

# 7.1.2 Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:

The Acceptance Criteria for the IMMULITE Growth Hormone Calibration Verification Material (CVM) are in 2 parts. Part 1 consists of the guideline acceptance criteria which require dose value of stability calibrator/CVM to fall between $\pm 1 2 \%$ of assigned dose for CVM levels 2 and 4, $\pm 1 0 \%$ of assigned dose for CVM level 3. Part 2 review limits criteria which require dose value of the controls to be within 2SD of the control target value when generated from the stability calibrator curve. If the result is not within acceptable dose range of $\pm 1 2 \%$ for levels 2 and 4, $\pm 1 0 \%$ for levels 3 then additional data review is conducted using part 2 of the criteria. The acceptance criterion is summarized in Table 3.

Table 3: Acceptance criteria for stability of IMMULITE 2000 Growth Hormone CVM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssignedDose(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline Criteria% difference to assigneddose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable dose range(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReviewLimits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGRHCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Controls arewithin 2SDof target oneach curve</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGRHCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±12%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54-0.68</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>wit </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGRHCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.64-10.56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGRHCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±12%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.20 - 44.80</td></tr></table>

# 7.2 Traceability:

The IMMULITE Growth Hormone CVMs are traceable to WHO 2nd IS (98/574). The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 7.3 Value Assignment:

Growth Hormone CVMs are 4 level materials which are a subset of 9 level Growth Hormone calibrators. Calibrators are not commercialized but are used internally during manufacture and release testing of Growth Hormone reagents and two point adjustors. The IMMULITE calibrators and therefore CVMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared with human Growth Hormone spiked in an equine serum matrix with preservatives. Six levels of commercially available controls and 30 patient samples (10 normal patient samples and 20 spiked samples) are used to validate calibrator/CVM value assignments.

The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures. The CVMs were tested on 27 replicates in total comprised of 9 runs and 3 replicates per run on 7 systems and 4 different reagent kit lots. The CVMs' dose values are generated using curve generated by assigned reference calibrators. The CVM values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. CVM values are then averaged across all systems. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples, spiked patient samples and controls using the assigned CVM values. The controls must fall within their target ranges

# 7.4 Expected Values/Reference Range:

Each CVM level was tested for a total of 27 replicates; 9 runs and 3 replicates per run. 4 different reagent kit lots and 7 different instruments were used to gain 27 replicates. The Guideline Range $9 5 \%$ confidence interval) for each CVM level was established based on the Target Mean and $\pm \nobreakspace 2 \nobreakspace$ Standard Deviation (SD). The expected values are provided in the IMMULITE® 00 CVM Calibratn verin Materal lot-spcc pakae inst. The expected assay range is $0 . 0 5 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 4 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The target values in Table 4 can be considered as guidelines.

Table 4: Target Values   
  

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Analyte targetlevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviation(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline ±2SD Range( ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVMI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.593</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>0.05 - 40 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot specific.

# Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents   
- Guidance for Industry - Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators   
• Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff  Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

# Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8. Conclusion:

The IMMULITE® 2000 Growth Hormone Calibration Verification Material is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed IMMULITE Unconjugated Estriol (uE3) Calibration Verification Material (CVM). The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE $\otimes$ 2000 Growth Hormone Calibration Verification Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

# October 22, 2013

SIEMENS HEALTHCARE DIAGNOSTICS INC. c/o Asha Gartland   
511 Benedict Ave   
TARRYTOWN NY 10591

Re: K133128 Trade/Device Name: IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material IMMULITE® 2000 Insulin Calibration Verification Material IMMULITE 2000 Pyrilinks-D Calibration Verification Material IMMULITE® 2000Homocysteine Calibration Verification Material IMMULITE® 2000 Growth Hormone Calibration Verification Material Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: September 27, 2013 Received: September 30, 2013

Dear Asha Gartland:

We have reviewed your Section $\pmb { 5 1 0 ( \pmb { \mathrm { k } } ) }$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to evi a vbee eclassdan  e oins Fedeal and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general contols provisions of the Act include requirements or annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be foud in the Code  Federal Regulations, Tite1, Parts 800 to 98.In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concering your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as sct forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intemet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDcvices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.hum.Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.9).For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation 21 CFR Part 803), pleasc go to   
hutp:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResoureesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

Carol C. Benson -S and

Courtney H. Lias. Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): k133128

Device Name: IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material IMMULITE® 2000 Insulin Calibration Verification Material IMMULITE 2000 Pyrilinks-D Calibration Verification Material IMMULITE $\otimes$ 2000 Homocysteine Calibration Verification Material IMMULITE® 2000 Growth Hormone Calibration Verification Material

Indications for Use:   
The IMMULITE® HCG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE HCG assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

The IMMULITE® Insulin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Insulin assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

The IMMULITE® Pyrilinks-D Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Pyrilinks-D assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

The IMMULITE® Homocysteine Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Homocysteineassy on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

The IMMULITE $\otimes$ Growth Hormone Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Growth Hormone assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

And/Or

Prescription Use _X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)