# 510(k) Summary for C.f.a.s. Proteins, C.f.a.s. PAC, PCCC, PNP, and PPP

# Applicant

The submission was prepared by Susan Hollandbeck from Roche Professional Diagnostics Regulatory Affairs and submitted on October 31, 2013.

Roche Diagnostics Operations c/o Susan Hollandbeck 9115 South Hague Road; PO Box 50416; Indianapolis, IN 46250 Phone Number: 317-521-3380 Fax Number: 317-521-2324 e-mail: susan.hollandbeck@roche.com

# Candidate device

There are four candidate devices: two calibrators and two control sets. Proprietary Names

1. C.f.a.s. (Calibrator for automated systems) Proteins 2. C.f.a.s. (Calibrator for automated systems) PAC (PrealbuminAntistreptolysin-Ceruloplasmin)

3. PreciControl ClinChem Multi 1 and 2

Precinorm Protein and Precipath Protein

# Common Names

NOV 2 6 2013

1. C.f.a.s. Proteins   
2. C.f.a.s. PAC   
3. PCCC   
4. PNP and PPP

# Submission purpose

Roche Diagnostics submits this Bundled Special 510(k) as notification of device modifications.

All four candidate devices bear the same modification; the Antistreptolysin O analyte source material, common to the two calibrators and two controls sets, has been changed from human serum to sheep eru  emate conict assciat with um suring. C.f.a.s. PAC and PCCC have changed their biological additives. C.f.a.s. PAC has two fewer because they are not needed and PCCC has one more because its levels were at risk of being too low.

# Measurand

Tulie ctitnt  e r viTey i the corresponding device labeling.

# 510(k) Summary for C.f.a.s. Proteins, C.f.a.s. PAC, PCCC, PNP, and PPP, Continued

Predicate device

The four candidate devices are modifications of the corresponding predicate devices. The device names are unchanged. They and their most recent $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ submissions are summarized in the table below.

Table 1: Predicate Device Clearances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Submission</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.f.a.s. Proteins</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K080607</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.f.a.s. PAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K040245</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl ClinChem Multi 1 and 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K102016</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precinorm Protein and Precipath Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K981401</td></tr></table>

Regulatory classification of device   
Table 2: Regulatory Classification of Candidate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.f.a.s. Proteins and C.f.a.s. PAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCCC and PNP/PPP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1660</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control Material</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry (75)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Device description

C.f.a.s. Proteins is a liquid ready-to-use calibrator based on human serum. The concentrations of the components have been adjusted to ensure optimal calibration of the appropriate Roche methods on clinical chemistry analyzers.

C.f.a.s. PAC is a lyophilized calibrator based on human serum. The concentrations of the components have been adjusted to ensure optimal calibration of the appropriate Roche methods on clinical chemistry analyzers.

PreciControl ClinChem Multi 1 and 2 are lyophilized controls based on human serum. The adjusted concentrations and activities of the components of PCCC Multi 1 are usually in the normal range or at the normal/pathological threshold. The adjusted concentrations and activities of the components of PCCC Multi 2 are usually in the pathological range.

Precinorm Protein and Precipath Protein are liquid ready-for-use control sera based on human serum. The concentrations of the components of Precinorm Protein are usually in the normal range or at the normal/pathological threshold.The concentrations of the components o Precipath Protein are usually in the pathological range.

# 510(k) Summary for C.f.a.s. Proteins, C.f.a.s. PAC, PCCC, PNP, and PPP, Continued

# Intended use

The intended uses of the modified devices, as described in their labeling, have not changed as a result of the modifications.

C.f.a.s. Proteins is for use in the calibration of quantitative Roche methods on Roche clinical chemistry analyzers as specified in the value sheets.

C.f.a.s. PAC is for use in the calibration of quantitative Roche methods on Roche clinical chemistry analyzers as specified in the value sheets.

PreciControl ClinChem Multi 1 and 2 are for use in quality control by monitoring accuracy and precision for the quantitative methods as specified in the value sheets.

Precinorm Protein and Precipath Protein are for use in quality control by monitoring accuracy and precision for the quantitative methods as specified in the value sheets.

Special   
conditions for   
use

For prescription use only

Special instruments required

These calibrators and controls are designed for use with Roche clinical chemistry analyzers in the Roche/Hitachi and COBAS INTEGRA analyzer families.

# 510(k) Summary for C.f.a.s. Proteins, C.f.a.s. PAC, PCCC, PNP, and PPP, Continued

Similarities - C.f.a.s. Proteins

The following table compares the similar features of the candidate device, C.f.a.s. Proteins, to the predicate device that was cleared in 5 10(k) k080607.

Table 3: Similarities between Predicate and Candidate C.f.a.s. Proteins   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.f.a.s. Proteins is for use in thecalibration of quantitative Rochemethods on Roche clinicalchemistry analyzers as specified inthe value sheets.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid ready-to-use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with chemical andbiological additives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Constituents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 constituents(complete list is in Table 11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability of the target values isgiven in the respective instructionsfor use of the system reagents.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value assignment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable through master lot toreference methods or materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 8 C until expiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opened stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 weeks at 2 - 8 C, provided thatdispensing of the calibrator occurswithout microbial contamination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

The following table distinguishes the candidate device, C.f.a.s. Proteins, from the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k080607.

Differences - C.f.a.s. Proteins   
Table 4: Differences between Predicate and Candidate C.f.a.s. Proteins   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Antistreptolysin O</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheep Antistreptolysin O</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for C.f.a.s. Proteins, C.f.a.s. PAC, PCCC, PNP, and PPP, Continued

Similarities - C.f.a.s PAC

The following table compares the similar features of the candidate device, C.f.a.s. Proteins, to the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k080607.

Table 5: Similarities between Predicate and Candidate C.f.a.s. PAC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.f.a.s. PAC is for use in thecalibration of quantitative Rochemethods on Roche clinicalchemistry analyzers as specified inthe value sheets.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized, requires reconstitutionwith 1.0 mL water</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with chemical andbiological additives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Constituents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 constituents(complete list is in Table 11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability of the target values isgiven in the respective instructionsfor use of the system reagents.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value assignment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable through master lot toreference methods or materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 8 C until expiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitutedstability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•  8 hours at 15 to 25 C2 days at 2 to 8 C2 weeks at -15 to -25 C(when frozen once)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# DifferencesC.f.a.s. PAC

The following table distinguishes the candidate device, C.f.a.s. PAC, from the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k040245.

Table 6: Differences between Predicate and Candidate C.f.a.s. PAC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Antistreptolysin O</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheep Antistreptolysin O</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biologicaladditives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Includes Ceruloplasmin andPrealbumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excludes Ceruloplasminand Prealbumin</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for C.f.a.s. Proteins, C.f.a.s. PAC, PCCC, PNP, and PPP, Continued

The following table compares the similar features of the candidate device, PreciControl ClinChem Multi I and 2 (PCCC), to the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k102016.

Similarities - PCCC   
Table 7: Similarities between Predicate and Candidate PCCC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl ClinChem Multi 1 and2 are for use in quality control bymonitoring accuracy and precisionfor the quantitative methods asspecified in the value sheets.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized, requires reconstitutionwith 5.0 mL water</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with chemical andbiological additives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Constituents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49 constituents(complete list is in Table 11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability of the target values isgiven in the respective instructionsfor use of the system reagents.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value assignment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable through master lot toreference methods or materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 8 C until expiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitutedstability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•  12 hours at 15 to 25 C   5 days at 2 to 8 C4 weeks at -15 to -25 C(when frozen once)Exceptions stated for total bilirubin,direct bilirubin, UIBC, and ALT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

The following table distinguishes the candidate device, PCCC, from the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k102016.

Table 8: Differences between Predicate and Candidate PCCC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Antistreptolysin O</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheep Antistreptolysin O</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biological additives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excludes Ferritin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Includes Ferritin</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for C.f.a.s. Proteins, C.f.a.s. PAC, PCCC, PNP, and PPP, Continued

Similarities - PNP/PPP

The following table compares the similar features of the candidate devices, Precinorm Protein (PNP) and Precipath Protein (PPP) to the predicate devices that were cleared in 510(k) k981401.

Table 9: Similarities between Predicate and Candidate PNP/PPP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precinorm Protein andPrecipath Protein Controls areintended for use as controls inthe immunoturbidimetricassay of serum proteins.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precinorm Protein andPrecipath Protein are for usein quality control bymonitoring accuracy andprecision for the quantitativemethods as specified in thevalue sheets.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid ready-to-use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with chemicaland biological additives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Constituents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 constituents(complete list is in Table 11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability of the targetvalues is given in therespective instructions foruse of the system reagents.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value assignment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable through master lotto reference methods ormaterials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 8 C until expiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opened stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 month after first opening at2 - 8 C providing thatcontamination bymicroorganisms is avoided.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 weeks at 2 - 8 C,provided that dispensing ofthe control occurs withoutmicrobial contamination.</td></tr></table>

# Differences - PNP/PPP

The following table distinguishes the candidate devices, PNP and PPP, from the predicate devices that were cleared in $\dot { 5 } 1 0 ( { \bf k } ) \ : \mathrm { k } 9 8 1 4 0 1$ .

Table 10: Differences between Predicate and Candidate PNP/PPP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Antistreptolysin O</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheep Antistreptolysin O</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for C.f.a.s. Proteins, C.f.a.s. PAC, PCCC, PNP, and PPP, Continued

Constituents   
The four candidate devices include the listed constituent analytes. The list of constituents is unchanged between candidate and predicate devices. Table I 1 : Constituent Analytes of the Candidate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.f.a.s. Proteins</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.f.a.s. PAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PNP/PPP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I.αl-Acid glycoprotein2.al-Antitrypsin3.Antistreptolysin O4.C3cS.C46.Ceruloplasmin7.C-Reactive Protein8.Ferritin9.Haptoglobin10.IgA11.IgG12.IgM13.Kappa&#x27;14. Lambda15. Prealbumin16. Transferrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1. Prealbumin2. Antistreptolysin O3. Ceroluplasmin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.αl-Acid glycoprotein2.αl-Antitrypsin3. Albumin4. Antistreptolysin O5. C3c6. C47. Ceruloplasmin8. C-reactive protein9. Ferritin10.Haptoglobin11. IgA12. IgG13. IgM14. Kappa15. Lambda6. Prealbumin17. Total Protein18. Transferrin</td></tr></table>

The devices are not promoted in the U.S. for these analytes.

#

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>1.  Alanine aminotransferase2.  Albumin3.  Alkaline phosphatase4.  αl-Acid glycoprotein5.  α1-Antitrypsin6.  Amylase7.  Amylase pancreatic8.  Antisteptolysin O9.  Apolipoprotein A-110. Apolipoprotein B1I. Aspartate aminotransferase12. Bilirubin direct13. Bilirubin total14. C-Reactive protein15. C3c16.C417. Calcium</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>18. Ceruloplasmin19. Chloride20. Cholesterol21. Cholinesterase22. Creatine kinase23. Creatine kinase MB24. Creatinine25. Ferritin26. y-GlutamyItransferase27. Glucose28. Haptoglobin29. HDL-Cholesterol30. IgA31. IgG32. IgM33. Iron34.Lactate</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>35.Lactatedehydrogenase36. LDL-Cholesterol37. Lipase38. Lithium39. Magnesium40. Phosphate41. Potassium42. Prealbumin43. Sodium44. Total protein45. Transferrin46. Triglycerides47. Unsaturatediron-bindingcapacity48. Urea49. Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for C.f.a.s. Proteins, C.f.a.s. PAC, PCCC, PNP, and PPP, Continued

Performance characteristics

These changes are supported by demonstrating no adverse impact to stability, method comparison, lower detection limit, control recovery, and precision.

# Stability

The shelf life stability claim and the open vial stability claims were reevaluated with real time stability data. Results from all timepoints tested meet the acceptance criterion.

The acceptance criterion for C.f.a.s. Proteins, C.f.a.s. PAC, PCCC, PNP, and PPP is that the averaged results must be $90 \%$ to $1 1 0 \%$ EY recovery of the reference value, except... The acceptance criterion for Antistreptolysin O in PNP/PPP is that the average results must be $85 \%$ to $1 1 5 \%$ recovery of the reference value.

Results from all analytes from all four devices range from 91 to $10 8 \%$ recovery. The open vial stability claims appear in the device package inserts. They are supported with the new data. The unopened stability claim, or shelf life claim is seen by the user only as an expiration date on the device.

# Method comparison

Antistreptolysin O method comparison was conducted between the candidate and predicate C.f.a.s. PAC. The Hitachi and INTEGRA analyzer families use different Antistreptolysin O reagent formulations. The cobas c 501 analyzer tested the Hitachi reagent formulation and the INTEGRA 800 tested the INTEGRA reagent formulation. Passing-Bablok linear regression analysis was performed on the data set of human serum samples. The $\mathbf { x }$ -axis was set to C.f.a.s. PAC with the current calibrator formulation; the y-axis was set to the modified one. The table below summarizes results.

Table 12: Antistreptolysin O Method Comparison Results for C.f.a.s. PAC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ASLOT c 501</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Slope = 1.00 ± 0.10Intercept ≤ ± 20 IU/mLR value ≥ 0.975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope = 1.00Intercept = -2 IU/mLR value = 0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ASO 1800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope = 1.00Intercept = 0 IU/mLR value = 1.000</td></tr></table>

The candidate and predicate C.f.a.s. PAC compare well. Both test systems meet the criteria.There is no evidence of loss to patient sample accuracy as a result of the Antistreptolysin O source change.

# 510(k) Summary for C.f.a.s. Proteins, C.f.a.s. PAC, PCCC, PNP, and PPP, Continued

Lower detection limit

Antistreptolysin O lower detection limit (LDL) was verified using the candidate C.f.a.s. PAC to calibrate the ASLOT cobas c 501 test system. The LDL represents the lowest measurable analyte concentration that can be distinguished from zero. It is calculated as the value lying three standard deviations above that of the lowest standard with $\mathfrak { n } = 2 1$ . The study showed an LDL of $2 ~ \mathrm { I U / m L }$ which meets the criterion of $\leq 2 0 \mathrm { ~ I U / m L }$ , thus supported the LDL claim of $2 0 ~ \mathrm { I U / m L }$ ..

# Control recovery

Antistreptolysin O control recovery was tested with both candidate control sets on both the cobas c 501 and the INTEGRA 800 analyzers. Results range from 97 to $1 0 4 \%$ recovery of the target value. The acceptance criterion is 90 to $1 1 0 \%$ All values meet the acceptance criterion. There is no evidence of loss of accuracy due to the Antistreptolysin O source change.

# Precision

The potential loss to reproducibility is evaluated by testing the precision of Antistreptolysin O in both candidate control sets, PCCC and PNP/PPP, and of Ferritin in PCCC. Antistreptolysin O precision data are collected using one reagent batch on two analyzers, the cobas c 501 and the COBAS INTEGRA 800. Ferritin precision data are collected using one reagent batch on the cobas c 501 analyzer because there is no Ferritin application on the COBAS INTEGRA in the U.S. For each test system, 21 replicates were measured in a single run in a single day. The coefficient of variation $( \% C V )$ was calculated.

Antistreptolysin O and Ferritin precision results range from 0 to $2 \%$ CV. All Antistreptolysin O results must produce a $C V \leq 4 \%$ All Ferritin results must produce a $C V \leq 5 \%$ All results meet the criterion.Therefore, there is no evidence of loss to reproducibility as a result of the device modifications.

# Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision. The differences between predicate and candidate do not impact the indications for use or technological characteristics.

# November 26, 2013

# ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS SUSAN HOLLANDBECK 9115 SOUTH HAGUE ROAD INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250

Re: K133330 Trade/Device Name: C.f.a.s. PAC; C.f.a.s. Proteins; Precicontrol ClinChem Multi 1 & 2; Precinorm Protein & Precipath Protein Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIX, JJY Dated: October 31, 2013 Received: November 1, 2013

Dear Ms. Hollandbeck:

We have reviewed your Section $\mathfrak { s l o } ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (or the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to is a hvbe can h e ins l and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the ct.The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classiied see aboveinto either class 1(Special ontrols)or class I (MA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Ms. Hollandbeck

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http:/ww.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/defaul.hm.Also. plcasenote the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarkct notification" (21CFR Par .9For qe arh e ne   lat CFR Part 803). please go to   
hup://ww.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.lum for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarkct Surveillancc.

You may obtain other gencral information on your responsibilitics under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-frec number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/McdicalDevices/ResourccsforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias. Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): k133330

Device Name: C.f.a.s. PAC

Indications for Use:

C.f.a.s. (Calibrator for automated systems) PAC (Prealbumin-ASLO-Ceruloplasmin) is for use in the calibration of quantitative Roche methods on Roche clinical chemistry analyzers as specified in the valuc sheets.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Ruth A. Chesler -S

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k133330

Device Name: C.f.a.s. Proteins

Indications for Use:

C.f.a.s. (Calibrator for automated systems) Proteins is for use in the calibration of quantitative Roche methods on Roche clinical chemistry analyzers as specified in the value sheets.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Ruth A. Chesler -S

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k133330

Device Name:

# PreciControl ClinChem Multi 1 and 2

Indications for Use:

PreciControl ClinChem Muli | is for the use in quality control by monitoring accuracy and precision for the quantitative methods as specified in the value sheels. PreciControl ClinChem Multi 2 is for the use in quality control by monitoring accuracy and precision for the quantitative methods as specified in the value sheets.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Ruth A. Chesler -S

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): k13333C

Device Name:

# Precinorm Protein and Precipath Protein

Indications for Use:

Precinorm Protein and Precipath Protein are for the use in quality control by monitoring accuracy and precision for the quantitative methods as specified in the value sheels.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Ruth A. Chesler -S

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health