LIPOSCIENCE, INC.   
SUZETTE WARNER   
SENIOR MANAGER, REGULATORY AFFAIRS 2500 SUMNER BLVD.   
RALEIGH NC 27616

Re: K133849 Trade/Device Name: Vantera Clinical Analyzer; NMR Lipoprofile $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ test on Vantera Clinical Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.2570 Regulation Name: Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NSU, MRR, LBS, CDT Dated: September 19, 2014 Received: September 22, 2014

Dear Ms. Suzette Warner:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K133849

Device Name Vantera $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Clinical Analyzer, NMR LipoProfile $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ test on Vantera $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Clinical Analyzer

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Vantera $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Clinical Analyzer is an automated laboratory test analyzer which measures the $4 0 0 \mathrm { M H z }$ proton nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectrum of clinical samples to produce signal amplitudes, converting these signal amplitudes to analyte concentration. The device includes a $4 0 0 \mathrm { M H z }$ NMR spectrometer and software to analyze digitized spectral data. This instrumentation is intended to be used with NMR based assays to detect multiple analytes from clinical samples.

The NMR LipoProfile $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ test, when used with the Vantera $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Clinical Analyzer, an automated NMR spectrometer, measures lipoprotein particles to quantify LDL particle number (LDL-P), HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides in human serum and plasma using nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. LDL-P and these NMR-derived concentrations of HDL-C and triglycerides are used in conjunction with other lipid measurements and clinical evaluation to aid in the management of lipoprotein disorders associated with cardiovascular disease.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary K133849

# LIPOSCIENCE

# I. SUBMITTER

LipoScience, Inc. 2500 Sumner Boulevard Raleigh, NC 27616

Phone: (919) 256-1326   
Fax: (919) 256-1149

Contact Person: Suzette Warner

Date Prepared: September 18, 2014

# II. DEVICE

Name of Device: Vantera® Clinical Analyzer   
Common Name: NMR LipoProfile® test on Vantera® Clinical Analyzer   
Classification Names:

Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test system, 21 CFR 862.2570, Product Code NSU Lipoprotein test system, 21 CFR 862.1475, Product Code MRR and LBS Triglyceride test system, 21 CFR 862.1705, Product Code CDT

Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75)

# III. PREDICATE DEVICE

# Legally Marketed Device to which Equivalence is Claimed (Predicate Device):

NMR LipoProfile test on Vantera Clinical Analyzer

k113830

# IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Vantera Clinical Analyzer is a clinical laboratory analyzer that employs nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopic detection to quantify multiple analytes in biological fluid specimens, specifically blood plasma and serum.

The Vantera Clinical Analyzer system design is divided into 3 major subassemblies: a sample handling assembly, an NMR subassembly, and an enclosure. The Vantera Clinical Analyzer control system is distributed across three separate computers:

The Host (1 U) controls user interface, data handling, results calculation, system startup and shutdown.   
 The Process Control (4U) schedules and manages all activities required to process a sample, controls all hardware in the sample handling subsystem.   
 The NMR Control Computer controls all magnet operations. Two of these computers are contained within the Sample Handling Subassembly (1 U and 4U) and one in the NMR Subassembly (NMR Console).

The NMR LipoProfile test involves measurement of the $4 0 0 \mathrm { M H z }$ proton NMR spectrum of a plasma/serum sample, deconvolution of the composite signal at approximately 0.8 ppm to produce signal amplitudes of the lipoprotein subclasses that contribute to the composite plasma/serum signal, and conversion of these subclass signal amplitudes to Lipoprotein subclass concentrations. The - $- 0 . 8 \mathrm { p p m }$ plasma NMR signal arises from the methyl group protons of the lipids carried in the LDL, HDL and VLDL subclasses of varying diameters. The NMR signals from the various lipoprotein subclasses have unique and distinctive frequencies and lineshapes, each of which is accounted for in the deconvolution analysis model. Each subclass signal amplitude is proportional to the number of subclass particles emitting the signal, which enables subclass particle concentrations to be calculated from the subclass signal amplitudes derived from the spectral deconvolution analysis. LDL subclass particle concentrations, in units of nanomoles of particles per liter (nmol/L), are summed to give the reported total LDL particle concentration (LDL-P). By employing conversion factors assuming that the various lipoprotein subclass particles have cholesterol and triglyceride contents characteristic of normolipidemic individuals, HDL cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations are also derived.

# V. INDICATIONS FOR USE

# For the Instrument

The Vantera Clinical Analyzer is an automated laboratory test analyzer which measures the $4 0 0 \mathrm { M H z }$ proton nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectrum of clinical samples to produce signal amplitudes, converting these signal amplitudes to analyte concentration. The device includes a 400 MHz NMR spectrometer and software to analyze digitized spectral data. This instrumentation is intended to be used with NMR based assays to detect multiple analytes from clinical samples.

# For the Asaay

The NMR LipoProfile® test, when used with the Vantera® Clinical Analyzer, an automated NMR spectrometer, measures lipoprotein particles to quantify LDL particle number (LDL-P), HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides in human serum and plasma using nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. LDL-P and these NMRderived concentrations of HDL-C and triglycerides are used in conjunction with other lipid measurements and clinical evaluation to aid in the management of lipoprotein disorders associated with cardiovascular disease.

# VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

The modified Vantera Clinical Analyzer is as safe and effective as the predicate device, k113830. The Vantera has the same intended use as the predicate device. The differences between the candidate device and the predicate device raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vantera Clinical Analyzer(Predicate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vantera ClinicalAnalyzer(Candidate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K113830</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K133849</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use /Indications forUse (Assay)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The NMR LipoProfile® test, when usedwith the Vantera® Clinical Analyzer, anautomated NMR spectrometer, measureslipoprotein particles to quantify LDLparticle number (LDL-P), HDLcholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides inhuman serum and plasma using nuclearmagnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy.LDL-P and these NMR-derivedconcentrations of HDL-C andtriglycerides are used in conjunction withother lipid measurements and clinicalevaluation to aid in the management oflipoprotein disorders associated withcardiovascular disease.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentIntended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Vantera® Clinical Analyzer is anautomated laboratory test analyzer whichmeasures the 400 MHz proton nuclearmagnetic resonance (NMR) spectrum ofclinical samples to produce signalamplitudes, converting these signalamplitudes to analyte concentration. Thedevice includes a 400 MHz NMRspectrometer and software to analyzedigitized spectral data. Thisinstrumentation is intended to be usedwith NMR based assays to detectmultiple analytes from clinical samples.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nuclear magnetic resonance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch Screen GUI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System BulkFluids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stored on board</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenSampling andHandling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/Plasma Samples are dilutedonboard system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System calibration required to assess andcorrect homogeneity of the magnetic field</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety Standardsfor ElectricalEquipment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61010-1: 2001 2nd Edition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode reader entry of sample ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials(Consumables)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diluent 1, WASH, NMR ReferenceStandard, Liquicheck Lipid Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NMR Console</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MR-400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MR-400-DD2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NMR ControlSoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VnmrJ Software v3.0Operating System: Linux 5.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VnmrJ Software v3.2Operating System: LinuxRHEL6.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentEnclosure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sheet Metal and Fiberglass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sheet Metal andpolyurethane</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryogen Monitor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Separate helium and nitrogen monitors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Combination of heliummonitor and nitrogenmonitor into one unit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluidics DaughterBoard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No rinse pump feedback monitoring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rinse pump tachometerused to monitor rinsepump</td></tr></table>

Performance data further demonstrate that the Vantera Clinical Analyzer is as safe and effective as its predicate, k11383.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LDL-P (nmol/L)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Vantera Clinical Analyzer(Predicate Device) k113830</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Vantera Clinical Analyzer(Candidate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">300 - 3500</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">300 - 3500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoB</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">40.7</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">50.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoQ</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">132</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">154.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity Regression</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">y= 1.02x + 7.82</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">y= 0.99x + 106.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity R{2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">0.995</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">0.997</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear Range</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">225 - 4322</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">290 - 3524</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-Run Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">842.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1309.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1837.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">706.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1308.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2249.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54.63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58.35</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-Lab Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">988.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1266.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1943.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">729.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1338.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2234.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59.92</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method Comparison</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Linear regression:y=1.03x - 36.60, r=0.978</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Deming fit:y= 43.44 + 0.98x r = 0.988</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medical Decision Limits</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">1000, 1300 and 1600</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Serum and Plasma</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carryover</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">No significant trending of theresults and no persistent biasrelative to the reference meanfor either the low or high pools</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference Study</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">7 Endogenous and 23Exogenous substances weretested. Salicylic acid at ≥1.3mmol/L was determined tointerfere with LDL-P andClopidogrel hydrogensulfate at≥ 95.7 μmol/L was determinedto interfere with LDL-P</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">7 Endogenous and 23 Exogenoussubstances were tested.Clopidogrel (Plavix) interferes withtest results at the therapeutic dosesof95.7μmol/LSalicylic acid interferes with testresults at therapeutic doses of 1.3mmol/L.Fenofibrate interferes with testresults at therapeutic doses of 31μmol/L.Menhaden oil interferes with testresults at therapeutic doses of 0.6mg/mL.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TG (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Vantera Clinical Analyzer(Predicate Device) k113830</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Vantera Clinical Analyzer(Candidate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">5- 1100</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">10 - 1100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoB</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">1.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">2.3</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">2.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoQ</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">4.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity Regression</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">y= 1.01x - 0.40</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">y= 1.01x - 1.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity R²2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear Range</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">4 - 1346</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">4 - 1355</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunPrecision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">169.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">356.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">286.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.62</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-LabPrecision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">166.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">352.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">162.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.94</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method Comparison</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Linear regression:y=1.00x + 0.92, r=0.998</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Deming fit:Y= 1.01x + 0.30 r=1.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Serum and Plasma</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Serum and Plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carryover</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">No significant trending of the resultsand no persistent bias relative to thereference mean for either the low orhigh pools.</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference Study</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">7 Endogenous and 23 Exogenoussubstances were tested, nointerference was found</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDL-C (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Vantera Clinical Analyzer(Predicate Device) k113830</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Vantera Clinical Analyzer(Candidate Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>7 - 140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>7 - 140</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>y= 1.04x - 0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>y= 1.02x - 0.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity R{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>6 - 148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>5 - 168</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Lab Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method Comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Linear regression:y=1.04x-1.20, r=0.989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Deming fit:y= -1.36 + 1.01x - r=0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Serum and Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Serum and Plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carryover</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>No significant trending of theresults and no persistent biasrelative to the reference mean foreither the low or high pools.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>7 Endogenous and 23 Exogenoussubstances were tested, nointerference was found.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>same</td></tr></table>

# VII. CONCLUSION

A risk analysis was performed to identify any new risks due to the hardware and software modifications to device. Based on this risk analysis, verification and validation testing was performed that included software verification and validation testing, as well as analytical validation studies. This verification and validation testing included:

Software validation testing to ensure that hardware and software modifications to the device did not affect the sample handling performance of the device.  Analytical validation performance testing to ensure that the hardware and software modifications did not affect the accuracy of test results. This testing included precision, method comparison, linearity, limits of detection, interference and carry over studies.

The results of these verification and validation studies support that the performance of the modified device is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device and that the differences in performance do not impact the safe use of the device.