ABBOTT POINT OF CARE, INC.   
MELISSA ROBINSON   
ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR OF REGULATORY AFFAIRS 400 COLLEGE ROAD EAST   
PRINCETON NJ 08540

Re: K133002 Trade/Device Name: i-STAT® Total $\beta$ -hCG Test, i-STAT® Total $\beta$ -hCG Controls, i-STAT® Total $\beta$ -hCG Calibration Verification Materials Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1155 Regulation Name: Human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DHA, JJX Dated: April 9, 2015 Received: April 13, 2015

Dear Ms. Robinson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k133002

Device Name   
i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test   
i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG Controls and i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG Calibration Verification Materials

Indications for Use (Describe) The i-STAT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Total Beta-Human Chorionic Gonadotropin ( $\beta$ -hCG) test is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative and qualitative determination of $\beta$ -hCG in venous whole blood or plasma samples using the i-STAT 1 Analyzer Systems. The test is intended to be used as an aid in the early detection of pregnancy and is for prescription use only.

The i-STAT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Total $\beta$ -hCG Controls are used to monitor performance of the i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test.

The i-STAT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Total $\beta$ -hCG Calibration Verification Materials are used to verify the calibration of the i-STAT Total $\beta$ hCG test throughout the reportable range.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG Test

This summary of the $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1900 and CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: k133002

# Date Summary prepared:

1. Submitted by: Abbott Point of Care Inc. 400 College Road East Princeton, NJ 08540 Phone: 609-454-9000 FAX: 609-419-9370

# Establishment Registration Number: 2245578

# Contact:

Melissa Robinson 400 College Road East Princeton, NJ 08540 Phone: 609-454-9371 Fax: 609-419-9370

2. Identification of the Device: Device Classification Name: System, Test, Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Device Name:i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG Test Classification: Class II (regulation number 862.1155) Classification Product Code: DHA

Device Classification Name: Quality Control Material (Assayed and   
Unassayed)   
Device Name:i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG Control Level 1, 2, 3   
Classification:Class I (regulation 862.1660)   
Product Code: JJX Regulation Description: Quality Control Material (Assayed and Unassayed) Device Name:i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG Calibration Verification Levels 1, 2, 3 Classification:Class I (regulation 862.1660)   
Product Code: JJX

3. Predicate Device Predicate Device Name: Abbott ARCHITECT System Total $\beta$ -hCG Predicate 510(k) Number: k983424 Regulation Number: Class II (regulation number 862.1155) Classification Product Code: DHA

Predicate Device Name: Cliniqa Beta HCG Control Level 1, 2, 3   
Predicate 510(k) Number: k121237   
Regulation Description: Quality Control Material (Assayed and Unassayed)   
Classification: Class 1 (regulation 862.1660)   
Product Code: JJX   
Predicate Device Name: Cliniqa Beta HCG Calibration Verification   
Control Levels 1, 2, 3   
Predicate 510(k) Number: k121237   
Regulation Description: Quality Control Material (Assayed and Unassayed)   
Classification: Class 1 (regulation 862.1660)   
Product Code: JJX

# 4. Intended Use/Indications for Use:

The i-STAT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Total Beta-Human Chorionic Gonadotropin $\operatorname { \beta - h C G }$ test is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative and qualitative determination of $\beta { \mathrm { - h C G } }$ in venous whole blood or plasma samples using i-STAT 1 Analyzer Systems. The test is intended to be used as an aid in the early detection of pregnancy and is for prescription use only.

i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG Controls are used to monitor the performance of the i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test.

i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG Calibration Verification materials are used to verify the calibration of the i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test throughout the reportable range.

# 5. Device Description:

The i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test uses a two-site enzyme-linked immunoassay with electrochemical detection of the resulting enzyme signal. Monoclonal antibodies specific for the $\beta$ subunit of hCG are localized within a lithographically defined capture region on the surface of a specially designed electrochemical sensor chip. A separate reference sensor of similar construction to the hCG sensor, but without antibodies specific to hCG, is located on the same sensor chip. An alkaline phosphatase-linked monoclonal antibody conjugate specific to a separate epitope on the $\beta$ subunit of the hCG molecule is present in a metered amount on the sensor chip.

The i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG Controls are assayed human serum which are used to monitor the performance of the i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test.

The i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG Calibration Verification materials are assayed human serum used to verify the calibration of the i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test throughout the reportable range.

# 6. Substantial Equivalence Information:

Comparison with predicate (i-STAT Total β-hCG Cartridge):   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceAbbott ARCHITECT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed DeviceAPOC i-STAT System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARCHITECT Total β-hCGAssay is a ChemiluminescentMicroparticle Immunoassay(CMIA) for the quantitative andqualitative determination of beta-human chorionic gonadotropin(β-hCG) in human serum andplasma for the early detection ofpregnancy.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The i-STAT® Total Beta-HumanChorionic Gonadotropin (β-hCG)test is an in vitro diagnostic testfor the quantitative andqualitative determination ofβhCG in venous whole blood orplasma samples. The test isintended to be used as an aid inthe early detection of pregnancy</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two site ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two site ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capture Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heterogenous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heterogenous</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CaptureAntibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Label Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Label</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acridinium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alkaline Phosphotase</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalysisSequence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sequential capture/label</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simultaneous capture/label</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.6 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood or plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EnzymeDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent MicroparticleImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemical</td></tr></table>

# a

The table below describes the features of the i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG Cartridge and predicate device that are apparently different.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis of Difference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARCHITECT detects an optical signal from the acridiniumlabel while the i-STAT System detects the enzyme label byreacting with a substrate so as to generate an electrochemicallydetectable product.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Label</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acridinium is a chemiluminescent label while alkalinephosphatase is an enzyme label.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis Sequence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARCHITECT is an ELISA with sequential capture andlabeling while the i-STAT System is a simultaneous ELISA withcapture and label occurring in parallel.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARCHITECT accepts serum or plasma while the i-STATdevice is intended for whole blood or plasma specimens. Thissubmission includes a detailed analysis of equivalence betweenblood and plasma for the i-STAT Total β-hCG test (see section18.2.4). This data supports the claim of equivalence betweenblood and plasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARCHITECT reports from 1.20 IU/L to 225,000.00 IU/L;the i-STAT Total β-hCG test has a reportable range of 5.0 IU/Lto 2000.0 IU/L. These devices are intended for the earlydetection of pregnancy, consistent with a β-hCG result above 25IU/L&#x27;. The reportable ranges for these devices both exceed thatnecessary for this intended use.</td></tr></table>

Comparison with predicate (i-STAT $\beta$ -hCG Control and Calibration Verification Material):   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceCliniqa Beta HCG Control Level1, 2, 3 and Cliniqa Beta HCGCalibration Verification ControlsLevel 1, 2, 3(k121237)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Devicei-STAT Total β-hCG Controlsand Calibration VerificationMaterial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cliniqa Beta HCG Control Level1, Cliniqa Beta HCG ControlLevel 2, Cliniqa Beta HCGControl Level 3 are assayedquality control material used tomonitor the precision Beta HCGassays.Cliniqa Beta HCG CalibrationVerification Controls, level 1, 2,and 3 are assayed quality controlmaterials used to monitor theprecision of Beta HCG assays.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>i-STAT Total β-hCG Controlsare used to monitor theperformance of the i-STATTotal β-hCG test.i-STAT Total β-hCGCalibration Verificationmaterials are used to verify thecalibration of the i-STAT Totalβ-hCG test throughout thereportable range.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with added bufferstabilizers, and purified humanhormones.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with addedbuffer stabilizers, and purifiedhuman hormones.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Source Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Source Material</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific for each lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific for each lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opened: 30 days at 2-8 °CShelf Life: 3 years at 2-8 °C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opened: 30 days at 2-8 °CShelf Life: 3 years at 2-8 °C</td></tr></table>

# 7. Standard/Guidance Documents

CLSI EP05-A2: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement   
Methods   
CLSI EP6-A: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures   
CLSI EP07-A2: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry   
CLSI EP09-A2: Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples   
CLSI EP12-A2: User Protocol for Evaluation of Qualitative Test Performance   
CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory   
Measurement Procedures   
CLSI C28-A3c: Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the   
Clinical Laboratory   
CLSI I/LA30-A: Immunoassay Interference by Endogenous Antibodies   
ISO 14971: Medical Devices – Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices

# 8. i-STAT Total $\mathbf { \beta }$ -hCG Cartridge Performance Characteristics:

i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test cartridge:

a) Blood to Plasma Equivalence The i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test is designed to function using whole blood or plasma at the point of care. To support equivalence to our predicate device the estimated bias between blood and plasma was determined. A bias to plasma of no greater than $10 \%$ was observed across all blood samples tested. This data supports the claim of equivalence between the two sample types and equivalence to our predicate device.

# b) Precision / Reproducibility

The test is designed to have total imprecision $\leq 1 0 \%$ CV for concetrations of hCG above $1 4 \ : \mathrm { I U / L }$ , or a standard deviation (SD) of $1 . 4 \ : \mathrm { I U / L }$ for concentrations of hCG $\leq 1 4 ~ \mathrm { I U / L }$ in blood and plasma. Precision of the i-STAT Total $\beta \mathrm { . }$ -hCG test was evaluated in whole blood and plasma. The precision in blood and plasma was demonstrated at three external POC sites.

In whole blood, samples were targeted at four hCG concentrations: 5 IU/L, 25 IU/L, Mid level $( { \sim } 8 0 0 \mathrm { \Pi U / L } )$ and High level $( { \sim } 1 5 0 0 \mathrm { I U / L } )$ . The highest observed upper (total) imprecision at $5 \mathrm { I U / L }$ was $0 . 8 1 \ \mathrm { I U / L }$ . The highest observed (total) imprecision was $7 . 3 \% \mathrm { C V }$ at all other levels.

In plasma, samples were targeted at four hCG concentrations: 5 IU/L, $2 5 \mathrm { I U } / \mathrm { L }$ , mid level $( \sim 1 1 5 0 \ : \mathrm { I U / L ) }$ and high level $( \sim 1 8 7 5 \ : \mathrm { I U / L ) }$ . The observed (total) imprecision at $5 \mathrm { I U / L }$ was $1 . 0 3 \ : \mathrm { I U / L }$ . The highest observed (total) imprecision was $5 . 6 \% \mathrm { C V }$ at all other levels.

c) Linearity / Test Measuring Interval

The linearity of the i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test was evaluated on the i-STAT System by creating a series of concentration levels in both whole blood and plasma through a process of mixing different proportions of low and high positive $\beta$ -hCG samples. The samples tested ranged in concentration from $5 \ : \mathrm { I U / L }$ to ${ > } 2 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { I U / L }$ . In whole blood, the bias due to non-linearity was found to be $0 . 1 \ \mathrm { I U / L }$ at the lowest hCG concentration. The percent non-linearity measured in whole blood did not exceed $4 . 1 \%$ across all levels between 10 and ${ \sim } 2 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { I U / L }$ . In plasma, the bias due to nonlinearity was found to be $- 0 . 1 \ \mathrm { I U / L }$ at the lowest hCG concentration. The percent non-linearity measured in plasma did not exceed $2 . 3 \%$ across all levels between 10 and ${ \sim } 2 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { I U / L }$ .

d) Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)

The Limit of Blank (LoB) was determined using blank plasma and fresh whole blood that measured $< 1 . 2 0 \mathrm { I U / L }$ on the ARCHITECT system. One hundred and ninety five (195) replicate measurements in plasma and 144 replicate measurements in blood were used for this determination. Testing was completed over five days using two unique lots of i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG cartridges from two unique $\beta$ -hCG reagent sets.

The Limit of Detection (LoD) determination was based on 24 replicate measurements on each of six low level $\beta$ -hCG blood samples. This study included the use of 29 i-STAT 1 Analyzers and spanned five testing days and two unique iSTAT Total $\beta$ -hCG cartridge lots using two unique $\beta$ -hCG reagent sets.

The Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) determination was based on 92 replicate measurements of six low level $\beta$ -hCG blood samples. This study included the use of 13 i-STAT Analyzers and spanned six testing days using two unique i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG cartridge lots from two unique $\beta$ -hCG reagent sets.

The LoQ was determined to be $< 5 . 0 \ : \mathrm { I U / L }$ , the LoD was determined to be $\leq$ the LoQ and the LoB was determined to be $<$ the LoD.

e) High dose ‘Hook Effect’

The i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test has a reportable range of $5 . 0 \ : \mathrm { I U / L }$ to $2 0 0 0 . 0 \mathrm { I U / L }$ . In an in-house study, no hook effect was observed up to ${ \sim } 4 5 0 , 0 0 0 \mathrm { I U / L }$ in plasma and up to ${ \sim } 6 5 0 , 0 0 0 \mathrm { I U / L }$ in whole blood. These results support the design goal of no significant hook effect up to $3 0 0 { , } 0 0 0 \mathrm { \Pi U / L }$ .

# f) Analytical Specificity

Three studies for analytical specificity were performed following CLSI guideline EP07-02. The first study used human plasma with $\sim 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { I U / L } }$ and ${ \sim } 1 5 0 0 \ \mathrm { I U / L }$ hCG that was spiked with known interference substances. No significant interference, defined as recovery within $\pm 1 0 \%$ compared to reference without any interfering substance, was observed. The second study used human plasma with ${ \sim } 5 0 ~ \mathrm { I U / L }$ and ${ \sim } 1 5 0 0 \Pi / \mathrm { U / L }$ hCG that was spiked with the following interferents: Albumin, Bilirubin, Cholesterol, Hemoglobin, Triglyceride and Uric Acid. No significant interference, defined as recovery within $\pm 1 0 \%$ compared to reference without any interfering substance, was observed. The third study used human whole blood and plasma with ${ \sim } 5 \mathrm { I U / L }$ hCG that was spiked with the same known interference substances as in previous studies. No significant interference, defined as recovery within $+ / - 4 \mathrm { I U / L }$ compared to reference without interfering substance, was observed.

The cross-reactivity of the i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test with glycoproteins of similar structure, namely Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH), Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) and Luteinizing Hormone (LH) was evaluated. The following levels were tested; $1 0 0 \mathrm { m U / L }$ TSH, $3 0 0 \ \mathrm { I U / L }$ FSH and $4 5 0 \ \mathrm { I U / L }$ LH. No significant interference, defined as recovery within $\pm 1 0 \%$ compared to reference without any interfering substance, was observed with the test.

Potential interference from human anti-mouse antibody (HAMA) and Rheumatoid factor (RF) was evaluated using 17 human plasma samples that had been prescreened as interferents to our test (each containing HAMA and/or RF). All sample interference was mitigated using the i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test.

# g) Recovery

A dilution recovery study was performed using heparinized whole blood and plasma samples from six donors. For each donor, the original negative sample and $\beta$ -hCG spiked samples were prepared with WHO 5th IS (07/364) in either heparinized whole blood or heparinized plasma to approximately $2 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { I U / L }$ . The spiked samples were diluted using unspiked whole blood or plasma and tested in a minimum of ten cartridges. A series of nine levels were generated for each donor. For samples with hcg concentrations ${ > } 5 \mathrm { I U } / \mathrm { L }$ , the individual recovery results for whole blood ranged from $9 1 . 1 \%$ to $1 1 8 . 5 \%$ , and for plasma samples from $8 1 . 8 \%$ to $1 0 3 . 3 \%$ when compared to WHO hCG 5th IS. For whole blood samples with hCG at a concentration of ${ \sim } 5 \mathrm { I U / L }$ , the individual bias ranged from 0.3 to $1 . 1 \ \mathrm { I U / L }$ , and for plasma samples from -0.2 to $- 1 . 2 \ : \mathrm { I U / L }$ when compared to WHO hCG 5th IS. Endusers may obtain individual result $> 1 5 \%$ negative bias for plasma samples when hCG concentrations are ${ > } 5 \mathrm { I U } / \mathrm { L }$ .

Percent recovery results were pooled across each hCG concentration.

Summary Recovery Performance, Whole Blood   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedMean(IU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedMean (IU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Recovery orAbsolute Bias</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1936.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1974.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>972.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>989.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.7 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>644.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>677.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>484.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>509.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.2 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>261.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.9 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.7 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.8 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.5 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 IU/L</td></tr></table>

Summary Recovery Performance, Plasma   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedMean(IU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedMean (IU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Recovery orAbsolute Bias</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1972.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1811.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.8 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>986.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>895.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.8 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>657.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>622.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>493.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>475.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>246.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.2 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 IU/L</td></tr></table>

# 9. i-STAT Total $\mathbf { \beta }$ -hCG Controls and Calibration Verification Performance Characteristics:

The i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG Control and Calibration Verification materials are manufactured by Cliniqa (k121237). The materials were evaluated and cleared for market use in k12137.

# 10. Comparison Studies:

a) Method Comparison with Predicate Device   
Method comparison data were collected following CLSI guideline EP9-A2. Blood samples were collected at the POC at four external sites in heparinized evacuated tubes, and analyzed in duplicate on the i-STAT System. The blood tubes were sent to the laboratory and the plasma portion was separated from the red cells. The plasma portion was tested in duplicate on the i-STAT System and the ARCHITECT system within 6 hours of collection. A total of 134 samples spanning the measuring interval of the i-STAT Total $\beta$ -hCG test were collected. The data was evaluated by weighted Deming regression analysis, using the first result of each duplicate measurement, and the results were as follows:

Plasma samples: $\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 2 \mathbf { x } - 0 . 2 2 , \mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 9 , \mathbf { n } = 1 3 4$ Whole blood samples: $\mathbf { y } = 0 . 9 5 \mathbf { x } + 2 . 3 9$ , $\mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 9$ , $\mathtt { n } = 1 3 4$ b) Sample Matrix Comparison

Sample matrix comparison was conducted based on the recommendations of CLSI guideline EP9-A2. Forty levels of hCG across and beyond the intended measurement interval of the i-STAT Total $\beta \mathrm { . }$ -hCG test were prepared using 40 donor samples and spiking each with a stock solution containing hCG antigen. The study took place over 12 testing days and the samples were run in random order across the measurement interval. Four sample types were investigated; lithium-heparin (LiHep) whole blood and plasma and sodium-heparin (Na-Hep) whole blood and plasma. Results of each sample type against the control (Li-Hep plasma) were analyzed. All Deming regression slopes comparing the sample type investigated with the control fell between 0.9 and 1.1.

# 11. Reference Range:

Lithium heparin whole blood and plasma specimens from 123 apparently healthy, non-pregnant females $\geq 1 8$ and $< 4 0$ years and from 125 apparently healthy, nonpregnant females $> 4 0$ years were collected and tested at four external sites. Subjects self-reported their menopausal status, which was defined as 12 months since last menses.

The $9 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile and $9 5 \%$ confidence interval were calculated non-parametrically based on CLSI EP28-A3c.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReferencePopulationage (years)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSubjects</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NWholebloodresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPlasmaresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median(IU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range(IU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95th Percentile(IU/L), [95% CI]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 18 and &lt; 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 [0.3, 1.6]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 40y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 [4.0 , 5.4]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 40 y, pre-menopausal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 40 y post-menopausal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# 12. Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# 13. Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision to the predicate devices.