$$
k _ { 1 } 3 3 2 0 0
$$

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92

Type of 510(k): Traditional 510(k)

Prepared Date: May 2, 2014

3Submission Sponsor: Tianjin Empecs Medical Device Co., Ltd.

Address: No.35 and 37, Yingcheng street, Hangu, Binhai New Area, Tianjin, 300480 China

5. Contact: Eric.Chae, Regulatory Affairs Manager Phone: +82-70-7124-0474 Fax: +82-31-776-4496

6Registration Number: 9616530

7. Measurement: Whole blood glucose

Type of Test: Quantitative, utilizing Glucose Oxidase technology

Device Name: Medisign MM3000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System Medisign MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

10. Common Classification Name: Blood Glucose Test System

# 11. Classification:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW - System, Test, BloodGlucose, Over The Counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75-Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA - Glucose Oxidase,Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75-Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJX - Quality ControlMaterial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75-Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JQP - Calculator/dataprocessing module forclinical use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.2100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75-Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# 12. Predicate Device Information:

Device Name: Medisign MM1 100 Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Medisign MM1 100 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System 510(k) Number: K111456

# 13. Intended Use

# Medisign\* MM3000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

The Medisign® MM3000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm or palm. The Medisign® MM3000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. The Medisign® MM3000 meter contains some speaking functions but is not intended for use by the visually impaired.

The Medisign® MM3000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the efectiveness of diabetes control. The Medisign® MM3000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The Medisign® MM3000Test Strips are for use with the Medisign® MM3000 Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the

fingertips, forearm or palm.

The Medisign $\otimes$ Glucose Control Solutions are intended for use with the Medisign® MM3000 meter and Medisign $\otimes$ MM3000 Test Strips as a quality control check to verify the meter and test strip are working together properly, and that the test is performing correctly.

The Medisign Link Diabetes Management Software is personal computer(PC) based software intended for use in home and professional settings to help people with diabetes and their healthcare professionals in the review, analysis and evaluation of glucose test results for efective controlling and managing blood glucose.

# Medisign® MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

The Medisign® MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) fresh capillary whole blood from fingertip, palm, or forearm. The Medisign® MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control program. This system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices. The Medisign® MM3000 Multi meter contains some speaking functions but is not intended for use by the visually impaired.

The Medisign® MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative sie testing should b done only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The Medisign® MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the Medisign® MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm or palm.

The Medisign® MM3000 Glucose Control Solutions are intended for use with the Medisign® MM3000 meter and Medisign $\mathfrak { P }$ MM3000 Test Strips as a quality control check to verify the meter and test strip are working together propery, and that the test is performing correctly.

The Medisign Link Diabetes Management Software is personal computer(PC) based software intended for use in home and professional settings to help people with diabetes and their healthcare professionals in the review, analysis and evaluation of glucose test results for effective controlling and managing blood glucose.

# 14. Device Description

Medisign Blood Glucose Monitoring System measures the glucose in the whole blood sample by using a small electrical current produced by chemical reaction between glucose in the blood and glucose oxidase (GOD) on the test strip. This current is proportionally converted to the amount of glucose in the blood sample to display as the blood glucose result. Glucose measurements are reported as plasma equivalents. Blood glucose results from test strips that are plasma-equivalent are approximately $1 1 \%$ higher than those obtained with whole-blood referenced test strips.

Medisign MM3000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is basically provided with a blood glucose meter, blood glucose test strips, a lancing device, sterile lancets, and a carrying bag including user manual, quick reference manual and log book. Some kits do not include blood glucose test strips. Blood glucose test strips, blood glucose control solutions (1, 2, 3 levels), diabetes management software, and data transporting cable are sold separately.

Medisign MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is basically provided with a blood glucose meter, blood glucose test strips, and a carrying bag including user manual, quick reference manual and log book. Some kits do not include blood glucose test strips. Disposable lancing device, blood glucose test strips, blood glucose control solutions (1,2,3 levels), diabetes management software, and data transporting cable are sold separately.

Each box of test strips contains one vial of 10 test strips, one vial of 25 test strips, one vial of 50 test strips, or two vials of 25 test strips. Also, each box may contain 25 test strips packed with single aluminum foiled pack or 50 test strips packed with single aluminum foiled pack. Each test strip contains the following reagent compositions: glucose oxidase (A. Niger) $- 2 . 5$ units, redox mediator $- 3 2 . 3 \mu _ { 9 }$ and buffer & non-reactant $5 0 . 5 \mu 9$

Each box of control solutions (1, 2, 3 levels) contains one vial of aqueous control solution $\mathbf { \nabla } ^ { 2 } \mathbf { m } \mathbf { l }$ each): Level 1 contains $0 . 0 3 \%$ concentrations of glucose (approximately $4 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ and Level 2 contains $0 . 1 1 \%$ concentrations of glucose (approximately $8 5 \ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ and Level 3 contains $0 . 2 3 \%$ concentrations of glucose (approximately $2 6 0 ~ \mathrm { { m g / d L } }$

# 15. Device Modifications

The modified Medisign MM3000Blood Glucose Monitoring System and Medisign MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System have the following that are identically same as the predicate device:

Intended use   
Operation principle   
Fundamental scientific technology   
Raw materials   
Operation environment   
Measuring range

The modifications from the predicate device are as follows:

Meter shape   
Type of a battery   
□Change to the memory capacity   
− Change to the expiration date of the test strip   
• Change to assigned Glucose Control Solutions level title(from A,B to 2,3) Addition of an Glucose Control Solution low level (level title: Level 1)   
Addition of an alarm function   
Addition of the hypoglycemic indicator   
Addition of average results for 7,28 days   
Addition of a lancing device to the meter set for single user   
Addition of a voice function feature Addition of a single test strip package   
□Exclude a check strip as the optional components (Control Solutions are enough to cove the check strip function of the control test)

# 16. Comparison to the Predicate Device

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(K111456)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEDecision</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refer totheIntendedUseSection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GlucoseOxidase(AspergillusNiger</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemical reaction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrode Material</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbon</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding of Test Strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Auto coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma equivalent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 -104°F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Humidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 -90%RH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 - 55%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alternate Site TestingSite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Palm, Forearm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum 0.5 micro liter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pre/Post-mealflagging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximatelymore than1,000 tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip Ejector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two(2) 3.0V Lithiumbatteries(CR2032)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two(2) 1.5V Alkalinebatteries(LR03, AAA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory Capacity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 results with date, timeand flag</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 results with date, timeand flag</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip ExpirationDate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 months(3 months after first opening)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months(3 months after first opening)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose ControlSolution Level Title</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level ALevel B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level ILevel 2Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alarm Function</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Three(3) different intervalsettings available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypoglycemicindictor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Averaging Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7,14 and 28 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td>Lancing Device for single user</td><td>N/A</td><td>Included to the single user system(for Over the count use only</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Voice Function</td><td>N/A</td><td>Available</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Test Strip Packaging</td><td>Desiccant vial</td><td>Desiccant vial or Waterproof aluminum foil pack for single test strip packing</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Check Strip</td><td>Optional Component</td><td>N/A</td><td></td></tr></table>

# 17. Performance Evaluation of Modified Device

The modified device has the same intended use, fundamental scientific technology and performance characteristics as the predicate device. Therefore, the performance, safety and effectiveness have not been changed from the predicate device. However, to confirm these changes have not brought any unexpected functional failure or adverse effect, a system performance test including human factor study was conducted. The test procedures were all the same as those applied to the predicate device submission. As a result, all tests have been proved satisfactory according to the predetermined acceptance criteria. Refer to section $\# 1 3$ for the procedures and results.

# 18. Summary of Design Control Activities

# 13.1 Risk analysis

The Risk assessment was conducted and The risk analysis method used to assess the impact of the modification was a Failure Modes and Effects Analysis(FMEA). Detected risks were assessed and controlled as low as possible.

# 13.2 Disinfection Study

Disinfectant CaviWipes $\otimes$ with the EPA registration number of 46781-8 has been validated demonstrating complete inactivation of the live virus inoculated on the materials of the meter and the reusable lancing device. The result showed that the disinfectant in preventing the spread of blood born pathogens, particularly hepatitis B virus(HBV).

A robustness performance test for a reusable lancing device also demonstrated that with 200 precleanings and 200 disinfection cycles, which is equivalent to 1 times use per a week for 3 years for the lay user at home. As a result, there was no deterioration on the performance or external materials of the lancing device.

A robustness performance test for the meter demonstrated that with 1,100 pre-cleanings and 1,100 disinfection cycles, which is equivalent to 10 times use per day for 3 years in a professional

Tianjin Empecs Medical Device Co., Ltd.

setting. The number of the cycle also includes those for the lay user at home. As a result, there was no deterioration on the performance or external materials of the meter.

13.3 Verification Activities for Modified Features   
Verification activities were successfully executed to validate the modification and all test results   
fell within the acceptance criteria.(see attachment section $\# 2 4$ TIANJIN EMPECS MEDICAL DEVICE CO., LTD. C/O PRISCILLA CHUNG   
2651 E CHAPMAN AVE STE 100   
FULLERTON CA 92831

Re: K133260 Trade/Device Name: Medisign MM3000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Medisign MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX, JQP Dated: May 20, 2014 Received: May 20, 2014

Dear Ms. Priscilla Chung:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 89, please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
ht://ww.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResoureforYou/ndustry/default.htmAso pleasenote the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part .9For questions regarding hporti ve vents nder e DR egulatin 1 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For : Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Medisign MM3000 Blood Glucose Moniloring System

Indications tor Use (Describe) The Medisign MM3000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to beused or he quantitative measureme uareh capilly hoblood mp ra rom rts  alMe MM3000 Blood Glucose Monirig Syste is intendd to be used by a single person and should ot be shar The Medisign MM300 metercontains some speaking funclions but is not intended orusc by the visually impair.

The Medisign® MM3000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-tcsting outside the body (in viro MM300 Blood Glucoe Monitorng Syste should not be used or he diagnoss of or screening or diabetes or for v rapidly).

The Medisign MM3000Test Strips are or use with the Medisign@ MM3000 Blood Glucose Meter to quantilatively mes uo ugar)n esh cpillary who loodsmp raw rom erts ear

The Medisign Glucose Control Solutions are intended for use with the Medisign@ MM300 meler and Medisign T the test is performing correctly.

Te Medis Lin Diabes Mament Sotwar  pernalcopuer)bs otwainteded l a evaluation of glucosc test results for cffective controlling and managing blood glucosc.

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for his colection  information isestmated to averagehours per response, includie time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection ofinformation. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a curently valid OM8 number."

Device Name Medisign MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring Syslcm

Indications for Use (Describe) The Medisign® MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring Syslem is intended to be used for the quantitative uc ua cpily holooo pl0 uBG l prram.This systehouldonly e used wih singleuse, aulo-isabling lancing devices.The Medisgn 3000 Multi meter contains some speaking functions but is nol intended for use by the visually impaired.

The Medisign MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring Syste should ot be used or the diagnosis ofr screeig not changing rapidly).

The Medisign® MM3000 Multi Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the Medisign MM3000 Muli Bloud Gv forearm or palm.

The Medisign® MM3000 Glucose Control Solutions are intended for usc with the Medisign MM300) meter and qlh and that the test is performing correctly.

The Medis Lin Dabes Manent Softwar s peralcopuer)bs oftantend pl evaluation of glucose test results for effective controlling and managing blood glucose.

<table><tr><td>Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable) Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR B01 Subpart D)</td><td> Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpant C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>FOR FDA USE ONLY .. Concurrence of Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) (Signature)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Stayce Beck -S</td><td></td></tr></table>

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time forhs coectioninformation is stated to average7hours per response,include time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."