# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

1. Applicant Contact Information:

Applicant: Address:

Instrumentation Laboratory Co.   
180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, MA 01730   
Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director 781-861-4467   
781-861-4207   
cmarble@ilww.com   
December 13, 2013

Contact Person: Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail: Preparation Date:

.Proprietary Name: GEM® Premier 4000

# 3. Regulatory Information:

• Common Name: Blood gases (pCO2 and pO2) and blood pH test system • Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75) and Hematology (81) • Device Classifications, Classes and Product Codes are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood gases and blood pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGZ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactic acid test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated hematocrit instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carboxyhemoglobin assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.7425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GHS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated hemoglobin system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5620.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood hemoglobin assays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.7500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (Total or Direct)Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CIG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Total and Unbound) in the NeonateTest System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I, Reserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MQM</td></tr></table>

# 4. Description of Device Modification:

Software V3.0.0 introduces the following new functionality to further improve the service and support of the GEM® Premier 4000:

Remote desktop sharing to allow real-time sharing of the analyzer screen with IL service • Remote software upgrades to facilitate deployment of future software versions . Remote diagnostics to capture data for service diagnostic and trending purposes Remote LIS tracing to facilitate service diagnostics

NOTE:Software V3.0.0 also allows remote cartridge data (Copy IL Data) transfer. Copy IL Data is already available locally on the currently marketed $\operatorname { G E M } ^ { \tilde { \otimes } }$ Premier 4000 with GEMweb (standalone instruments) and GEMweb Plus data management system (server connected instruments) and is used to transmit data for service and complaint review.

# 5.Indications for Use (No Change from K112995):

The $\mathbf { G E M } ^ { \otimes }$ Prmr 4000 s a portable critical care ystem r use by health care proessinals t rpiy analyze whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of $\mathsf { p H } , p \mathsf { C O } _ { 2 } , p \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } .$ sodium, potassium, chloride, ionized calcium, glucose, lactate, hematocrit, total bilirubin and CO-Oximetry (tHb, $\mathbf { \nabla } \cdot \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } \mathbf { H } \mathbf { b }$ COHb, MetHb, HHb) parameters. Total bilirubin can also be quantitated from heparinized plasma samples when analyzed in the tBili/CO-Ox mode. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient's acidbase status, electrolyte and metabolite balance and oxygen deliverycapacity. Total bilirubin measurements are used in the diagnosis and management o bilary tract obstructions, liver disease and various hemolytic diseases and disorders involving the metabolism of bilirubin. In neonates, the level of total bilirubin is used to aid in assessing the risk of kernicterus.

Intelligent Quality Management (iQM) is used as the quality control and assessment system for the GEM Premier 4000 system. iQM is an active quality process control program designed to provide continuous monitoring of the analytical process with real-time, automatic error detection, automatic correction  the system and automatic documentation of all corrective actions, replacing the use of traditional external quliyntrols.Facilit houl foowlcal statean federal regulaty uielnes nsurethatta quality management system is followed.

As part of this program, GEM CVP (Calibration Valuation Product) with CO-Ox, GEM CVP tBili and GEM CVP Hematocrit are external solutions intended to complete the calibration process and final accuracy assessment of the iQM cartridge calibration following warm-up. The reported values for GEM CVP (two levels for pH, blood gases, electrolytes, metabolites, total bilirubin, CO-Oximetry and hematocrit) must meet IL's specifications before the iQM cartridge can be used for patient sample measurements.Once the cartridge calibration is verified, the internal iM program monitors the status of the system during the cartridge use life.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The $\mathsf { G E M } ^ { \mathfrak { Q } }$ Premier 4000 with remote features is substantially equivalent in Indications for Use, fundamental scientific technology and performance characteristics to the predicate:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laboratory and point-of-care</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical Performance Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentiometry: pH, pCO2, Na+, K+, Cl-, Ca++Amperometry: pO2, Glu, LacConductivity: HematocritSpectrophotometry: CO-Oximetry and tBili</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood for all analytes;Plasma for CO-Oximetry and tBili</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 (H) x 12 (W) x 15 (D) inches</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 pounds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User Interface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menu Driven Touch Screen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SoftwareOperating System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fedora Core 9 (Linux)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleIntroduction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In conjunction with iQM:• GEM CVP 1 and 2 with CO-OxGEM CVP 3 and 4 Hematocrit•   GEM CVP 5 tBili</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V2.3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V3.0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remote Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Available</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>o  Remote desktop sharing toallow real-time interfacebetween IL and customer•  Remote software upgrades tofacilitate future upgrades•  Remote diagnostics to capturedata for service diagnosticand trending purposesRemote LIS tracing tofacilitate service diagnostics</td></tr></table>

# 7. Conclusion:

For the implementation of the changes described above, design control principles (risk management, verification and validation) have been applied which support that the sotware release has no impact t the performance of the $\mathbf { G E M } ^ { \tilde { \otimes } }$ Premier 4000. Therefore, the performance data on record for the predicate device (K112995) still apply.

INSTRUMENTATION LABORATORY CO.CAROL MARBLE  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS DIRECTOR  
180 HARTWELL ROAD  
BEDFORD MA 01730

Re: K133407 Trade/Device Name: GEM Premier 4000 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1120 Regulation Name: Blood gases and blood pH Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CHL, JGS, CEM, JFP, CGZ, CGA, KHP, GKF, GHS, GKR, GLY, CIG, MQM Dated: December 13, 2013 Received: December 16, 2013

Dear Ms. Marble:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to h havecassian with  osns Feal F D and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements or annual registration, listing o devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

l your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2-Ms. Marble

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Offce of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number. (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Enclosure

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

The GEM $\circledast$ r 00  pab ciil cst y hea ce poesal analyze who bo ples t he point health care deiveyn a ciial seti nd n  l laboratory.The instrument provides quantitative measurements of pH, pCO2, pO2, sodium, potassum, choride, ionized calcium, glucose, actate, hematocrit, total bilirubin nd CO-Oximetry (Hb, O2Hb, COHb, MctHb, HHb) parameters. Total bilirubin can also be quantitated from heparinized plasma samples when lyzn theBili/COOx modThee parmeers long with eriv prars  he iag p b a eydlT mcasurements are used in the diagnosis and management of biliary tract obstructions, liver disease and varus hemolytc diseases and disorders involving themetabolism bilirubin. In neonates, the level total bilirubin is used to aid in assessing the risk of keirus.

Intignt QualMat M is u he qual col s st GEM mr00 yss n  ualy oss conol ra deed t rovie c monitorig o the nalytil proes wth eal-ie, auttic err detection, autmatic correction  the y  aeai  eal ex quality management system is followed.

As part of this program, GEM CVP (Calibration Valuation Product) with CO-Ox, GEM CVP tBili and GEM CVP Hematocrit are external solutions intended to complete the calibration process and final accuracy asen f the  cartrie caliratin followig war-p.The repord values or GE CV v or pH, blood gase electrolytesmetabols, total bilibin CO-Oxiery and hemati) must meet IL's specifications before the iQM cartridge can be used for patient sample measurements. Once the carrie calibration is verified, the internal iM program monitors the status o the system durig the cartridge use life.