This summary of 5l0(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\$ 807.92$ .

The assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ number is: k133522

# 1. Submitter's Identification:

BIONIME CORPORATION No.100, Sec. 2, Daqing St., South Dist., Taichung City 40242, Taiwan (R.O.C.)

c/o IVDD Regulatory Consultant 2700 La Paz Road, Suite 266B Mission Viejo, CA 92691 Contact Person: Feng-Yu Lee Phone Number: 1-949-951-3046 FAX Number: 1-949-951-2042

Date Summary Prepared: April 15, 2014

# 2. Name of the Device:

Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM700 Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM650 Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM300 GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Monitoring System GE200 Blood Glucose Monitoring System Bionime Rightest Diabetes Management System GE Diabetes Management System

# 3. Common or Usual Name:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW: Blood GlucoseTest System, Over-the-Counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR §862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry(75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFR: GlucoseDehydrogenase,Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR §862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry(75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA: GlucoseOxidase, Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR §862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry(75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calculator/DataProcessing Module</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JQP: Calculator/ DataProcessing Module for</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR §862.2100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr></table>

8-1 510k k133522, Rightest and GE DMS with PC Link Adapters, 04/15/14

<table><tr><td>for Clinical Use</td><td>Clinical Use</td><td></td><td></td><td>(75)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# 4. Device Description:

4.1 Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM700 consists of following devices: Rightest Blood Glucose Meter GM700, Rightest Blood Glucose Test Strip GS700, Rightest Control Solution GC700, lancing device and sterile lancets. The Rightest Blood Glucose Meter GM700, when used with the Rightest Blood Glucose Test Strips GS700, quantitatively measures glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. The performance of the Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM700 is verified by the Rightest Control Solution GC700.

4.2 Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM650 consists of following devices: Rightest Blood Glucose Meter GM650, Rightest Blood Glucose Test Strip GS650, Rightest Control Solution GC650, lancing device and sterile lancets. The Rightest Blood Glucose Meter GM650, when used with the Rightest Blood Glucose Test Strips GS650, quantitatively measures glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. The performance of the Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM650 is verified by the Rightest Control Solution GC650.

4.3 Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM300 consists of following devices: Rightest Blood Glucose Meter GM300, Rightest Blood Glucose Test Strip GS300, Rightest Control Solution GC300, lancing device and sterile lancets. The Rightest Blood Glucose Meter GM300, when used with the Rightest Blood Glucose Test Strips GS300, quantitatively measures glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. The performance of the Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM300 is verified by the Rightest Control Solution GC300.

4.4 GE200 Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of following devices: GE200 Blood Glucose Meter, GE200 Blood Glucose Test Strip, GE200 Control Solution, lancing device and steriled lancets. The GE200 Blood Glucose Meter, when used with the GE200 Blood Glucose Test Strips, quantitatively measures glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. The performance of the GE200 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is verified by the GE200 Control Solution

4.5 GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of following devices: GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Meter, GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Test Strip, GE300 Series Control Solution, lancing device and sterile lancets. The GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Meter, when used with the GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Test Strips, quantitatively measures glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. The performance of the GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Monitoring System is verified by the GE300 Series Control Solution.

The following devices have already been cleared. The purpose of this submission is tc add additional compatible meters for use with these systems.

4.6 The Bionime Rightest Diabetes Management System allows the transfer of blood glucose readings from a compatible Rightest Glucose meter to a PC via PC link adapter (through USB and wireless connection).

The Data analysis features enable the user(s) to view and analyze blood glucose readings from different meal time periods. Other features including data tables, trend charts, pi charts, and printed reports are available for viewing and analyzing these readings within the different time slots.

The revised system includes: 1) Installation CD with setup files for Rightest GP200 Diabetes Management Software and Rightest PC Link Adapter Driver, 2) One or multiple Rightest Adapters: GP550, GP700, GP650 and GP300

Compatible Meters include: GM250, GM550, GM700, GM650 and GM300.

4.7 The GE Diabetes Management System allows the transfer of blood glucose readings from a compatible GE Glucose meter to a PC via PC link adapter (through USB and wireless connection).

The Data analysis features enable the user(s) to view and analyze blood glucose readings from different meal time periods. Other features including data tables, trend charts, pie charts, and printed reports are available for viewing and analyzing these readings within the different time slots.

The revised system includes: 1) Installation CD with setup files for GE GP200 Diabetes Management Software and GE PC Link Adapter Driver, 2) One or multiple GE Adapters: GE GP550, GE GP700 and GE GP300.

Compatible Meters include: GE100, GE200 and GE300.

# 5. Intended Use/Indications for Use:

The g n  bmen s  as ee re e y FDA under k113007 and k]1 13007/A001, respectively.

# a.Bionime Rightest Diabetes Management System

The Bionime Rightest Diabetes Management System is an over-the-counter software system for use by Health Care Professionals and Patients with diabetes as an aid for managing diabetes. User(s) can transfer blood glucose readings from the following glucose meters: Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM550 and GM250 with Rightest PC Link Adaptor (GP550), Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM700 with Rightest PC Link Adaptor (GP550) or Rightest Bluetooth PC Link (GP700), Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM650 with Rightest PC Link Adaptor for GM650 (GP650), and Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM300 with Rightest PC Link Adaptor for GM300 (GP300) to a personal computer for the purpose of viewing, analyzing and printing the blood glucose readings, as well as to backup and to recover users' profile and data.

The Bionime Rightest Diabetes Management System is not intended to provide treatment decisions, nor should it substitute professional opinion. All medical diagnoses and treatment plans should be performed by a licensed healthcare professional.

# b. GE Diabetes Management System

The GE Diabetes Management System is an over-the-counter software system for use by Health Care Professionals and Patients with diabetes as an aid for managing diabetes. User(s) can transfer blood glucose readings from the following glucose meters: GE100 Blood Glucose Monitoring System with GE PC Link Adaptor (GE GP550), GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Monitoring System with GE PC Link Adaptor for GE300 (GE GP300) or GE200 Blood Glucose Monitoring System with GE PC Link Adaptor (GE GP5500 and GE Bluetooth PC Link (GE GP700) to a personal computer for the purpose of viewing, analyzing and printing the blood glucose readings, as well as to backup and to recover users' profile and data.

The GE Diabetes Management System is not intended to provide treatment decisions, nor should it substitute professional opinion. All medical diagnoses and treatment plans should be performed by a licensed health care professional.

# c. Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM700:

The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM700 is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm or palm. The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM700 is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM700 is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM700 should not be used for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The Rightest Blood Glucose Test Strips GS700 are for use with the Rightest Blood Glucose Meter GM700 to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm or palm.

# d. Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM650:

The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM650 is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm or palm. The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM650 is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM650 is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM650 should not be used for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The Rightest Blood Glucose Test Strips GS650 are for use with the Rightest Blood Glucose Meter GM650 to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm or palm.

# e. Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM300:

The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM300 is intended for in vitro diagnostic use (outside of body). It is indicated to be used by professional healthcare personnel or diabetes at home to measure the glucose concentration for aiding diabetes management. The glucose concentration is measured with quantitative capillary whole blood from the fingertip, palm, and forearm by using Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM300. This device is not intended for testing neonate blood samples.

Special conditions for use statement(s): Rightest System provides plasma equivalent results.

# f. GE200 Blood Glucose Monitoring System:

The GE200 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm or palm. The GE200 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The GE200 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The GE200 Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The GE200 Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the GE200 Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm or palm.

# g. GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Monitoring System:

The GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm or palm. The GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The GE300 Blood Glucose Test Strip is for. use with the GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm or palm.

# 6. Predicate Device Information:

The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System and GE Blood Glucose Monitoring System are substantially equivalent to the predicate device noted below.

Name: Device Company: 510(K) Number:

Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM700   
Bionime Corporation   
K110737 and K123008   
Name: Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM650   
Device Company: Bionime Corporation   
510(K) Number: K120423 and K123008

Name: Device Company: 510(K) Number:

Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM300   
Bionime Corporation   
K062567

Name: Device Company: 510(K) Number:

GE200 Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Bionime Corporation   
K123008

Name: GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Monitoring System Device Company: Bionime Corporation

8 - 6 510k k133522, Rightest and GE DMS with PC Link Adapters, 04/15/14

510(K) Number: K120423 and K123008

The Rightest Diabetes Management System and the GE Diabetes Management System are substantially equivalent to the predicate device noted below.

Name: Device Company: 510(K) Number:

Bionime Diabetes Management System   
Bionime Corporation   
K113007

Name: Device Company: 510(K) Number:

GE Diabetes Management System   
Bionime Corporation   
K113007/A001

# 7. Comparison to Predicate Devices:

# Specification Comparison

8 - 7 510k k133522, Rightest and GE DMS with PC Link Adapters, 04/15/14   

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GE DiabetesManagement System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Bionime DiabetesManagement System(BDMS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GE DiabetesManagement System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use/Indication(s) for use</td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>BDMS is intended for use by Health Careprofessionals and patients with diabetes. When it isinstalled on a personal computer (PC), a databasecan be used to store multiple users&#x27; profiles andmanage their blood glucose readings. People whouse BDMS must login to their own profile. BDMSenables users to view and organize the bloodglucose readings which are uploaded from RightestGlucose meter(s). Users can backup and recovertheir profiles and print blood glucose data andreport from their PC.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COM Ports scan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Automatic scan for connected ports</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Can list data for multiple patients</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data list/ Summaryreport</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>List all rcadings inside selected time frame</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target periods</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Daily time periods can be changed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average week</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>7-day report</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>1-day report</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Password</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Does not have password protection on the software</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Does not have providers but does allow for multipledatabases</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reports and charts</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Data List, Standard Day report, Trend report, Piecharts</td></tr></table>

# Bionime Corporation

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Change Metersettings</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Does not allow change to meter scttings through theDiabetes Management System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Windows XP Professional™MWindows Vista Professional™Windows 7 Professional™</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Associate a meter to aperson</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Does not associate a meter to a person</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard week report</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No standard weck report</td></tr></table>

Additional Adapters and compatiblc mcters to bc added under this application (Rightest Diabetes Management System):

Table 1   
8-8 510k k133522, Rightest and GE DMS with PC Link Adapters, 04/15/14   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Subject Pairs (Meter / Adapter)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate (Meter / Adapter)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adapter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adapter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New pair 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rightest GM700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rightest GM700(K110737/K123008)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP550</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Similarities/Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The meter connected to the adapter by plug inand transmit data to computer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Connection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mini USB port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plug in to meterUSB Port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A device of quantitativeglucose measuring system.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A device to transmitdata from meter.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 1000 data stored</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Appearance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A meter with a displaywindow, two side buttons,one main button, and a teststrip port.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A connector tometer and computer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum SampleVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonc Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicablc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingRelative HumidityRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory Capacity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 blood glucose testresults with date and time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Auto Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14~140□(-10~60□</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39~86(4~300 ),&lt;90% relative humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonc Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The unit ofmeasurement data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fix on mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr></table>

# Bionime Corporation

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid ≥ 16 mg/dLXylose ≥ 10 mg/dLAscorbic acid ≥ 3 mg/dLDopamine HCl ≥ 1.25mg/dLL-Dopa ≥ 2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Voice Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.FAD-glucoseDehydrogenase (FAD-GDH12.1%2.Potassium ferricyanide48.5%3.Non-reactive ingredients39.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DehydrogenaseElectrochemical Sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperatureRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43 ~1116~44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible toDMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible to BionimeRightest DiabetesManagement System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible toBionime RightestDiabetesManagementSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>,:    Subject Pairs (Meter / Adapter)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate (Meter / Adapter)        ′ ·y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adapter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adapter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New pair 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rightest GM700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP700(Bluetooth)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rightest GM700(K110737/K123008)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP550</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Similarities/Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The meter connected to the adapter by plug inand transmit data to computer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Samc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Connection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mini USB port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plug in to meterUSB Port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A device of quantitativeglucose measuring system.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A device to transmitdata from meter.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 1000 data stored</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wireless</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Appearance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A meter with a displaywindow, two side buttons,one main button, and a teststrip port.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A connector tometer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A connector to meter andcomputer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum SampleVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr></table>

8-9 510k k133522, Rightest and GE DMS with PC Link Adapters, 04/15/14

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingRelative HumidityRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonc Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory Capacity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 blood glucose testresults with date and time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Auto Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>{4~140 °F (-10~60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39~86 F 4~30) &lt;90% relative humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The unit ofmeasurement data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fix on mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid ≥ 16 mg/dLXylose ≥ 10 mg/dLAscorbic acid ≥ 3 mg/dLDopamine HCI ≥ 1.25mg/dLL-Dopa ≥ 2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Voice Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.FAD-glucoseDchydrogenase (FAD-GDH12.1%2.Potassium ferricyanide48.5%3.Non-reactive ingredients39.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DehydrogenaseElectrochemical Sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperatureRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43~111 F 6~44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible toDMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible to BionimeRightest DiabetesManagement System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible toBionime RightestDiabetesManagementSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicablc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Subject Pairs (Meter / Adapter)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate (Meter / Adapter)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adapter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adapter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New pair 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rightest GM650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP650(USB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rightest GM650(K120423/K123008)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP550</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Similarities/Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The meter connected to the adapter by plug in</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td></tr></table>

8 - 10 510k k133522, Rightest and GE DMS with PC Link Adapters, 04/15/14

# Bionime Corporation

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>and transmit data to computer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 500 data stored</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A device of quantitativeglucose mcasuring system.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A device to transmitdata from meter.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Appearance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A meter with a displaywindow, two side buttons,one main button, and a teststrip port.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A connector tometer and computer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Connection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Far-red sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plug in</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum SampleVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating RelativeHumidity Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonc Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory Capacity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 blood glucose testresults with date and time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Auto Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14~140 F (-10~60C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonc Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39~86 F (4 ~30 ), &lt;90% relative humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The unit ofmeasurement data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fix on mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid ≥ 16 mg/dLXylose ≥ 10 mg/dLAscorbic acid ≥ 3 mg/dLDopaminc HCI ≥ 1.25mg/dLL-Dopa ≥ 2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Voice Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.FAD-glucoseDehydrogenasc (FAD-GDH) 12.1%2.Potassium ferricyanide48.5%3.Non-reactive ingredients39.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonc Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DehydrogenaseElectrochemical Sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperatureRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43~111 F6~44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible toDMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible to BionimeRightest DiabetesManagement System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible toBionime RightestDiabetesManagementSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

8 - 11 510k k133522, Rightest and GE DMS with PC Link Adapters, 04/15/14

Table 4   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Subject Pairs (Meter / Adapter)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate (Meter / Adapter)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adapter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adapter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New pair 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rightest GM300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP300(USB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rightest GM300,(K062567)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP550</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Similarities/Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The meter connected to the adapter by plug inand transmit data to computer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Samc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A device of quantitativeglucose measuringsystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A device to transmitdata from meter.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Appearance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A meter with a displaywindow, two sidebuttons, one main button,and a test strip port.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A connector to meterand computer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Connection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code key base</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plug in</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 300 data stored</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MinimumSample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingRelativeHumidity Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MemoryCapacity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 blood glucose testresults with date andtime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code Key</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14~140 °F (-10~60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test StripStorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39~86 F (4 ~30°C ) &lt;90% relative humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The unit ofmeasurementdata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fix on mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicablc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid ≥ 9 mg/dLMethyldopa ≥ 1.5mg/dLCholesterol ≥ 250mg/dLL-Dopa ≥ 1.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Voice Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.Glucose Oxidase 8.5%2.Potassium ferricyanide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr></table>

8 - 12 510k k133522, Rightest and GE DMS with PC Link Adapters, 04/15/14

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.5%3.Non-reactiveingredicnts 43%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose OxidaseElectrochemical Sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperatureRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50~104 F (10~ 40 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible toDMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible to BionimeRightest DiabetesManagement System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible to BionimeRightest DiabetesManagement System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 5   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Subject Pairs (Meter / Adapter)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate (Meter / Adapter)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adapter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adapter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New pair 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GE200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GE GP550(USB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GE200(K123008)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GE GP550</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Similarities/Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The meter connected to the adapter by plug inand transmit data to computer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Connection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mini USB port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plug in</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A device of quantitativeglucose measuringsystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A device to transmitdata from meter.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 1000 data stored</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Appearance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A meter with a displaywindow, two side buttons,one main button, and atest strip port.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A connector to meterand computer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MinimumSample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingRelativeHumidity Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MemoryCapacity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 blood glucose testresults with date and time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonc Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Auto Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14~140 °F (-10~60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test StripStorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39~86 F 4 ~30C ), &lt;90% relative humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The unit ofmeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fix on mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr></table>

8 - 13. 510k k133522, Rightest and GE DMS with PC Link Adapters, 04/15/14

Table 6   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid ≥ 16 mg/dLXylose ≥ 10 mg/dLAscorbic acid ≥ 3 mg/dLDopamine HCl ≥ 1.25mg/dLL-Dopa ≥ 2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Voice Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.FAD-glucoseDehydrogenase (FAD-GDH12.1%2.Potassium ferricyanide48.5%3.Non-reactiveingredients 39.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DehydrogenaseElectrochemical Sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperatureRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43 ~111 °F (6~44° </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible toDMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible to GEDiabetes ManagementSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible to GEDiabetes ManagementSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

8 - 14 510k k133522, Rightest and GE DMS with PC Link Adapters, 04/15/14   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Subject Pairs (Meter / Adapter)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate (Meter / Adapter)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adapter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adapter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New pair 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GE200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GE GP700(Bluetooth)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GE200(K123008)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GE GP550</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Similarities/Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operation</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">The meter connected to the adapter by plug inand transmit data to computer.</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mini USB port</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plug in</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Function</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A device of quantitativeglucose measuringsystem.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A device to transmitdata from meter.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 1000 data stored</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wireless</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appearance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A meter with a displaywindow, two side buttons,one main button, and atest strip port.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A connector to meter.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A connector to meter andcomputer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MinimumSample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 μL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingRelativeHumidity Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MemoryCapacity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 blood glucose testresults with date and time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Auto Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nonc Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter StorageConditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 ~140 °F (-10~60 )</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test StripStorageConditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39~86 F (4 ~30° ), &lt;90% relative humidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nonc Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The unit ofmeasurementdata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fix on mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nonc Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary wholc blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid ≥ 16 mg/dLXylose ≥ 10 mg/dLAscorbic acid ≥ 3 mg/dLDopamine HCI ≥ 1.25mg/dLL-Dopa ≥ 2 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Voice Function</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nonc Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nonc Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.FAD-glucoseDehydrogenase (FAD-GDH12.1%2.Potassium ferricyanide48.5%3.Non-reactiveingredients 39.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nonc Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DehydrogenaseElectrochemical Sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OpcratingTemperatureRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43~111 °F 6~44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible toDMS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible to GEDiabetes ManagementSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible to GEDiabetes ManagementSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Table 7:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 7:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Subject Pairs (Meter / Adapter)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate (Meter / Adapter)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adapter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adapter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New pair 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GE300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GE GP300(USB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GE300(K120423/K123008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GE GP550</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Similarities/Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The meter connected to the adapter by plug in andtransmit data to computer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 500 data stored</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A device of quantitativeglucose measuring system.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A device to transmitdata from meter.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Appearance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A meter with a displaywindow, two side buttons,one main button, and a teststrip port.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A connector to meterand computer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Connection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Far-red sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plug in</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MinimumSample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingRelativeHumidity Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MemoryCapacity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 blood glucose testresults with date and time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Auto Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 ~140 F (-10~60 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test StripStorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39~86 °F4~30)&lt;90% relative humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The unit ofmeasurementdata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fix on mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid ≥ 16 mg/dLXylose ≥ 10 mg/dLAscorbic acid ≥ 3 mg/dLDopaminc HCl ≥ 1.25mg/dLL-Dopa ≥ 2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Voice Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ycs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.FAD-glucoseDehydrogenase (FAD-GDH) 12.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr></table>

8 - 16 510k k133522, Rightest and GE DMS with PC Link Adapters, 04/15/14

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.Potassium ferricyanide48.5%3.Non-reactive ingredients39.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DehydrogenaseElectrochemical Sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperatureRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43~111 °F (6 ~44° </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible toDMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible to GEDiabetes ManagementSystcm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible to GEDiabetes ManagementSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonc Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Discussion of Non-Clinical and Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence:

Verification and validation of test results were evaluated to establish the performance, functionality and reliability of the Rightest Diabetes Management System, and the GE Diabetes Management System when used with the following systems: Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM700, Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM650, Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM300, GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Monitoring System, and GE200 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Data Transmission Memory Rollover Synchronization Verification

Data transmission accuracy and memory data rollover synchronization were tested at each meter's full data memory capacity to ensure successful upload and storage into software database of the Rightest/GE Diabetes Management System. Software test used 3 meters per adapter.

<table><tr><td>Meter/Adapter</td><td>Expected Test Result</td><td>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Rightest GM700 Meter/ GP550 Adapter (USB)</td><td>Full set of data (1000 records) transferred from meter to software was accurately downloaded</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>Meter memory data rollover accurately transmitted to Rightest DMS with additional new data Full set of data (1000 records) transferred</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Rightest GM700 Meter/ GP700 Adapter (Bluetooth)</td><td>from meter to software was accurately downloaded</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Meter memory data rollover accurately transmitted to Rightest DMS with additional new data</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Rightest GM650 Meter/ GP650 Adapter (USB)</td><td>Full set of data (500 records) transferred from meter to software was accurately downloaded</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

8 - 17 510k k133522, Rightest and GE DMS with PC Link Adapters, 04/15/14

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter memory data rollover accuratelytransmitted to Rightest DMS withadditional new data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rightest GM300 Meter/GP300 Adapter (USB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Full set of data (300 records) transferredfrom meter to software was accuratelydownloadedMeter memory data rollover accuratelytransmitted to Rightest DMS withadditional new data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GE200 Meter/GEGP550 (USB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Full set of data (1000 records) transferredfrom meter to software was accuratelydownloadedMeter memory data rollover accuratelytransmitted to GE DMS with additionalnew data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GE200 Meter/GEGP700 (Bluetooth)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Full set of data (1000 records) transferredfrom meter to software was accuratelydownloadedMeter memory data rollover accuratelytransmitted to GE DMS with additionalnew data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GE300 Meter/GEGP300 (USB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Full set of data (500 records) transferredfrom meter to software was accuratelydownloadedMeter memory data rollover accuratelytransmitted to GE DMS with additionalnew data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

# User Performance Evaluation:

The User (Layperson) Performance Evaluation of PC Link Adapters study included 45 participants of varying age, sex, background, education level, and work experience. The study was conducted from October to December 2013.

The study demonstrates that English-speaking/reading laypersons are able to follow user instructions for the PC link adapters and Software user manual to successfully connect PC Link Adapters and paired meter to PC installed and import data to GP200 Diabetes Management Software.

# Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC):

To evaluate the compliance of safety requirements for electrical equipment  PC Adapters (GP300, GP650, and GP700), the testing and compliance reports were performed by SGS Taiwan Electronics & Communication Laboratory.

The EMC reports confirmed that each PC Adapter met performance criteria indicated by the standards.

# Readability Assessment:

The Readability Assessment Tests were performed using the Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level Score to evaluate the readability of the PC Adapter Guides and PC Adapter User Manuals for both Rightest BDMS and GE DMS Software.

The obtained results demonstrate that PC Adapter Guides and PC Adapter User Manuals for both Rightest BDMS and GE DMS Software each received a Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level that indicates each text is expected to be understood by an average student in the eighth grade. The assessments ranged from 6.2 to 7.4 and therefore each text meets the criteria.

# 9. Conclusion:

Results of performance evaluation of the Rightest Diabetes Management System and the GE Diabetes Management System with addition of compatible blood glucose meters and their respective PC Link Adapters demonstrate that the subject devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

BIONIME COPORATION C/O FENG-YU LEE 2700 LA PAZ ROAD SUITE 266B MISSION VIEJO CA 92691

Re: K133522 Trade/Device Name: Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM700 Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM650 Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM300 GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Monitoring System GE200 Blood Glucose Monitoring System Bionime Rightest Diabetes Management System GE Diabetes Management System

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: NBW, LFR, CGA, JQP Dated: March 03, 2014   
Received: March 6, 2014

Dear Feng-Yu Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device r abovnhavdetere evis stanialyuivalent o e ndi for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and CosmeticAct (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, heree market e evisbjc  the enl cnros provisns  the . The gal controls provisions o teAct inclue requiements r annual egistration, list devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

yrevi cs ebovin las pl olcass  A, it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be h de Federal Regulatins, Ti rt 00 to I ition, Fy publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

Page 2-Feng-Lu Lee

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of la(  as as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820): and if applicable. the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act): 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 89. please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address hup://wvvy.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also. please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adversc evcnts under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Officc of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-frec number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://wwv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k133522

Device Name GE Diabetes Management System

# Indications for Use (Describe)

BooGluc ys   a E  a Blo GlucM Sh GE PC Li0 E 00 00 Boou  h iap GE readings, as well as to backup and to recover users' profile and data.

medical diagnoses and treament plans shouid be performed by a licensed health care professonal.

510(k) Number (if known) k133522

Device Name Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM300

Indications for Use (Describe) Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM300. This device is not intended for testing neonate blood samples.

Special conditions or use statement(s): Rightest System provides plasma equivalent results.

510(k) Number (if known) k133522

Device Name Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM700

Indications for Use (Describe)   
io GM700 is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

T  y on   ho gi

TR oGluo e pi oo

Device Name Bionime Rightest Diabetes Management System

Indications for Use (Describe)

Rgt ooGuc i ysn0 ghinaptr G Righ Boo ys h ip u G oo Mn yst50Rg Liaptorr 650 60) Right BlooGlucsons 0 ptg e bl  dng a we as obcp an trpil n a

ThB u u

Device Name GE200 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Indications for Use (Describe)

B B o be used by a single person and should not be shared.

i state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

T  Bi cpiy b mpn oris  .

510(k) Number (if known) k133522

Device Name GE300 Talking Blood Glucose Monitoring System

System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

Ba iv pil   .

FORM FDA 3881 (1/14)

510(k) Number (if known) k133522

Device Name Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System GM650

GM650 is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

B done only during steady  state times (whenglucose s not changing rapiy).

ou  Be