K133862

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

1) Submitter   
name,   
address,   
contact Roche Diagnostics Corporation   
9115 Hague Rd.   
Indianapolis, IN 46250   
(317) 521-7593   
Contact Person: Khone Saysana Date Prepared: December 17, 2013

# 2) Device name

Proprietary name: ACCU-CHEK $\mathfrak { P }$ Aviva Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System Meter: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Meter Test Strip: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Test Strip Controls: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Control Solutions

Classification name:Glucose dehydrogenase, glucose test system (21 C.F.R. $\$ 862.1345)$

NBW, Blood Glucose Test System, Over-the-Counter LFR, Glucose Dehydrogenase

# 3) Predicate device

ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus System (K101299)

# 4) Device Description

The modified ACCU-CHEK Aviva meter used in conjunction with the ACCU-CHEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Aviva Plus test strips. The new ACCU-CHEK Aviva meter no longer uses a code key.

# 5) Intended use

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm, upper arm, or palm. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Test Strips are for use with the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, frearm, upper rm, or palm.

The single-patient use ACCU-CHEK Aviva Blood Glucose Monitoring System will consist of:

Meter: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Meter Test Strip: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Test Strip Controls: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Control Solutions

# 6) Substantial equivalence

The modified ACCU-CHEK Aviva meter is substantially equivalent to the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus System (K101299).

# 7) Data demonstrating substantial equivalence

Performance testing on the ACCU-CHEK Aviva System demonstrated that the device meets the performance requirements for its intended use. The data demonstrates that the test strip is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS CORPORATION   
KHONE SAYSANA   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS PRINCIPAL   
9115 HAGUE ROAD   
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250

Rc: K133862 Trade/Device Name: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: 11 Product Code: NBW Dated: March 28. 2014 Received: March 31. 2014

Dear Khone Saysana:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determincd the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devics marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976. the enactment date of the Medical Devicc Amendments. or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may. therefore. market the device. subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration. listing of devices. good manufacturing practice. labeling. and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH docs not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you. however., that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into cither class II (Special Controls) or class I (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 1. Parts 800 to 898. In addition. FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements. including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807): labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809): medical devicc reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (2| CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820): and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act): 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Khone Saysana

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
hup://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also. pleasc note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adversc cvents under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Salety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Katherine Serrano -S

Enclosure

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Indications for Use (Describe)

The ACCU-CHEAvivPus Blood GlucosMonii Syst s ntende   s  he quantativeeamet AU-HEvi u Bloo luMi Syst  nt   s   g er hould shared.

T ACCU-HEKvivPus Bloo Glu oiing Syste  t or el  utse he body CHEvu Bl GuMos olo   he e rapidly).

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Test Strips are for use with thc ACCU-CHEK Aviva Blood Glucosc Meter to arm, or palm.

# Stayce Beck -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

The burdn eorhis colletion  noation is tated toveraghours pr eonse,nclu time to review instructions, search existing dat sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complee and reviw the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."