# K133197

510(k) Premarket Notification: FDl Glucose Controls for the Embrace No Code Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc.

# 510(k) Summary

# Date of Preparation:

January 10, 2014

Introduction:

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter:

Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc.   
940 Crossroads Blvd   
Seguin, TX 78155   
Phone: (830) 372-1391 ex. 210   
Fax: (830) 372-4130   
Establishment Registration Number: 1643621

# Contact Person:

Kent Pruett

Device Name:

FDI Level I and Level II Glucose Controls for the Embrace No Code

Common Name:

Single Analyte Control Solution, All Types (Assayed and Unassayed)

# Classification Name:

Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed).

Classification:

Class I, Reserved per 21 CFR 862.1660

Product Code:

# Panel:

75 (Chemistry)

Predicate Device:

Name:

Omnis Embrace Glucose Control   
Solutions   
Bionostics   
k091914

Manufacturer: 510(k) No.:

# Device Description:

The FDl Glucose Controls for the Embrace No Code consist of a viscosity-adjusted, aqueous liquid control solution containing known quantities of glucose. The product is packaged in plastic dropper tipped bottles for easy application of the control and a red coloration to aid the user to visually confirm application. The product is non-hazardous and contains no human or animal derived materials.

# Intended Use:

The FDl Glucose Controls are intended for use with Omnis Embrace No Code blood glucose meter and test strips. The controls are used to check that the meter and test strips are working together properly.

# Comparison to Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>62Characteristic/7Aspect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device      tn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10New Product </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omnis Embrace Glucose ControlSolutions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDl Level I and Level Il GlucoseControls for the Embrace NoCode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>510(k), Date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k09191411/06/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Number of Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Glucose (% w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I|</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target Range(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88-136(2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174-269(2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179-275{3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Container</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic bottle with dropper-tip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Fill Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viscosity-adjusted, aqueousglucose control solution of D-glucose and other non-reactiveingredients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffered aqueous solution of D-Glucose, a viscosity modifier,preservatives, and other non-reactive ingredients</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To validate the performance ofthe blood glucose monitoringsystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To check that the meter and teststrips are working togetherproperly.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Target Population</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional and home use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

"Based data presented in k091914 Decision Summary ()Derived from the control ranges assigned by the manufacturer (3Based on a $+ 1 . 5 \%$ luoti $\pm 2 0 \%$ range

Performance Studies: Tests were performed to verify specific performance characteristics:

Real Time Stability: Samples were periodically removed and tested in triplicate on a commercially available clinical chemistry analyzer. The study supports a shelf life of 24 months when stored at $1 5 - 3 0 ^ { \circ } C$ .

Open Vial Stability: A number of test and control vials was evaluated for 13 weeks. Each day all test group vials were opened, allowed to stand for ten minutes, then closed and stored at room temperature. Each week one test group vial and one control group vial was assayed in triplicate using the ACE Glucose assay. The Control vial was opened on the date of performing the assay and then discarded after testing was complete. The study supports the claimed open vial stability of 90 days when stored at 15 - $3 0 \%$ .

510(k) Premarket Notification: FDl Glucose Controls for the Embrace No Code Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc.

Test Precision: Studies performed per CLSl Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline - Second Edition. CLSI document EP5-A2; 2004. No precision claims will be made for this product.

Value Assignment: The control solutions are analyzed using a single Embrace No Code monitor using three different lots of test strips, 10 replicates per strip lot, over three days. Range of acceptable values for each level is determined by calculating ± $20 \%$ of each control lot's calculated mean for three lots of strips. Acceptable ranges are based on predetermined acceptance criteria for glucose recovery for each lot. The glucose control value ranges are lot dependent; therefore the range for each lot is printed on the control solution vial label.

Traceability: Each control is traceable to a 70 mg/dL (Low) and a 150 mg/dL (High) in-house Standard traceable to the NIST Standard Reference Material 917. The in-house Standards are produced using SRM917.

Conclusion: Comparison of the performance characteristics, formulation and intended use support the claim of substantial equivalence.

# FUJIREBIO DIAGNOSTICS, INC.KENT PRUETTDIRECTOR OF QUALITY/REGULATORY AFFAIRS940 CROSSROADS BLVDSEGUIN TX 78155

Re: K133197 Trade/Device Name: FDI Level I and Level II Glucose Controls For The Embrace No Code Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: October 29, 2013 Received: November 5, 2013

Dear Mr. Pruett:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may Dublish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: December 31, 2013 See PRA Stalement on last page.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known)</td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">K133197 Device Name FDI Level I and Level Il Glucose Controls for the Embrace No Code</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

T Goo o are used to check that the meter and test strips are working together properly.

o  lp diabetes mellitus at home.