# 510(k) Summary

(As required by 21 CFR 807.92)

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Introduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following informationprovides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination ofsubstantial equivalence.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of 510(k)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Special 510(k)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SubmitterInformation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">i-SENS, Inc.27-36, Gwangun-ro, Nowon-gu, Seoul 139-845, KoreaTel.) +82-33-903-0762Fax) +82-33-748-6191e-mail: hykang@i-sens.comContact Person: Hye Young Kang</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared Date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">November 20, 2013</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device NameandClassification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade name: SmartLog Diabetes Management SoftwareCommon name: Diabetes data management systemClassification product code: NBW, JQPRegulation number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Glucose Test System21 CFR 862.2100, calculator/data processing moduleClassification panel: 75, ChemistryDevice class: Class II / Class I, reserved</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The SmartLog Diabetes Management Software is a software medical device thatinterfaces with the i-SENS blood glucose monitoring systems using the specialUSB cable.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SystemDescription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1) Device DescriptionThe SmartLog Diabetes Management Software is an optional data managementsoftware for use only with the i-SENS brand of Blood Glucose Meters ("i-SENSBlood Glucose Meters") except CareSens POP and CareSens N Mini. TheSmartLog Diabetes Management Software allows the transfer of data from the i-SENS Blood Glucose Meters to a personal computer for enhanced datamanagement using graphic displays and analysis tools of the device. Variousgraphic analysis tools in this software help users of i-SENS BGM system easily</td></tr><tr><td>2) Optional principle Windows based OS or Apple Mac based OS and provides reports containing variety of graphs and statistics based on User-selectable data interval and blood glucose target ranges. 3) System Requirements CPU: 300 MHz Intel Pentium II or higher ·RAM: 128 MB or higher</td><td>analyze the trends and changes in their blood glucose. The SmartLog Diabetes Management Software downloads all blood glucose test results along with their measurement dates and times from the i-SENS Blood Glucose Meters through the USB port connected to the PC with the special cable. The SmartLog Diabetes Management Software operates under a Microsoft</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Minimum free hard disk space: 200 MB · Windows® XP Home, Professional (SP2 or above), Windows® Vista (32-bit /64-bit), Windows® 7 (32-bit/64-bit) or Windows® 8 (32bit/64bit), MAC OS X 10.7.0 or later USB port · USB cable (Cable type: 2.5 mm jack cable or Mini-USB plug cable) Mouse and Keyboard for data entry and menu selection · Video monitor and adapter with at least 1024x768 pixel screen resolution and 256 colors Printer to print report</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>Internet connection to send email The SmartLog Diabetes Management Software is PC-based software for use with the i-SENS blood glucose meters. The SmartLog Diabetes Management Software is intended for use in the home and professional settings to help people with diabetes and their healthcare professionals in the review, analysis and evaluation of glucose test results for an effective diabetes management program. The SmartLog Diabetes Management Software allows the user to download Blood glucose readings automatically from the meter to the PC.</td></tr><tr><td>Substantial</td><td>1)Predicate Device Information</td></tr><tr><td>Equivalence</td><td>Device name: PC care Blood Glucose Data Management Software</td></tr><tr><td>Information</td><td>510(k) number: k100937</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">2) Comparison to the Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC care Blood Glucose DataManagement Software(Predicate Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SmartLog DiabetesManagement Software(Candidate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Diabetes Management Software isintended for use in the home andprofessional settings to help peoplewith diabetes and their healthcareprofessionals in the review, analysisand evaluation of glucose test resultsfor an effective diabetes managementprogram. The Diabetes ManagementSoftware allows the user to downloadBlood glucose readings automaticallyfrom the meter to the PC.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Over-the Counter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Accessory toGlucose meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Intended user</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Home users, Healthcare Professional</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Use on</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC / Mac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Setting Reminders</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Connectivity toMeter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB cable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Manual Data Entry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Logbook</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Massaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td>Validation Activities</td><td>We conducted software validation and bench testing to demonstrate data accuracy transmission for each meter. The following test reports are included in this submission. • Setup Test, End Test • Download Reading Test, Data Management Test • User Profile Test, Manual Entry Test • Print Test, Email Test</td></tr><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>Consumer Study, Human Factors Study Based on the submitted information in this premarket notification, the candidate device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.</td></tr></table>

# December 19, 2013

I-SENS, INC.   
HYE YOUNG KANG   
27-36 GWANGUN-RO, NOWON-GU SEOUL 139-845   
KOREA

Re: K133346 Trade/Device Name: SmartLog Diabetes Management Software Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, JQP Dated: October 28, 2013 Received: October 30, 2013

Dear Mr. Kang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toli-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for 5.

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name SmartLog Diabetes Management Software indications for Use (Describe)

Th   - D Themn   B the PC.