# 510(k) Summary ABX Pentra Micro ALB Control L/H

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness inforrmation is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

The assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ number is: k133676

# 1.0 Submitter

Horiba ABX SAS   
Parc Euromédecine   
Rue du Caducée - BP 7290   
34184 Montpellier cedex 4   
FRANCE   
Telephone: + (33) 4 67 14 18 43   
Fax: + (33) 4 67 14 15 17

# Contact Persons

Caroline Ferrer, Regulatory Affairs Manager (caroline.ferrer@horiba.com) Christelle Calvo, Regulatory Affairs Support (christelle.calvo@horiba.com)

Date of Summary Preparation July 08, 2014

# 2.0 Device Identification

The following control is for use in conjunction with the ABX PENTRA 400 instrument, cleared to market under k052007.

Trade/Proprietary Name:   
Model Number:   
Common or Usual Name:   
Device Class   
Classification Panel:   
Regulation:   
ABX Pentra Micro ALB Control L/H   
A11A01967   
Micro ALB Control   
Class I   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1660 Quality control material   
(assayed and unassayed)   
JJY; Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (Assayed)

Product Code:

# 3.0 Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Liquichek Microalbumin Control Bio-Rad Laboratories Irvine, California 510 (k) Number: k072835

# 4.0 Description of Device

The control included in this submission is for use on the ABX PENTRA 400 (K052007) which is discrete photometric benchtop clinical chemistry analyzer. There is no any modifications to the cleared instrument for this particular assay.

The ABX Pentra Micro ALB Control L/H is a two-level (Low and High) quality control consisting of liquid solutions prepared from human urine $\cdot$ with added chemicals, constituents of human origin, stabilizers and preservatives. The assigned values and precise confidence interval are given in an enclosed annex, ensuring control of the appropriate HORIBA ABX SAS methods on the HORIBA clinical chemistry analyzer. Each control level is provided in one vial of $1 0 ~ \mathrm { m l }$ .

# 5.0 Value Assignment

Assigned values were determined by calculating the mean value obtained from multiple determinations. The concentration of the constituent(s) is lot specific. Assigned values and the corresponding $\pm 3 5 0$ confidence ranges are indicated in a specific annex. It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own acceptable ranges and use those provided only as guides. Laboratory established ranges may vary from those listed during the life of this control. Variations over time and between laboratories may be caused by differences in laboratory technique, instrumentation and reagents, or by manufacturer test method modifications.

# 6.0 Intended use

ABX Pentra Micro ALB Control L/H is a quality control used to monitor the performance of ABX Pentra Micro ALBUMIN CP determination by immunoturbidimetry.

# 7.0 Comparison of the new device with the Predicate Device

The new ABX Pentra Micro ALB Control L/H claims substantial equivalence to the Liquichek Microalbumin Control currently in commercial distribution (k072835).

Table 1 (below) contains comparison information of similarities and differences between the new and predicate device to which substantial equivalence is claimed.

Table 1: Differencies and Similarities between predicate device and new device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device (k072835):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device :</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek MicroalbuminControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Pentra Micro ALB Control L/H</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercialized by</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad Laboratories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HORIBA ABX SAS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for Use :</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek Microalbumin Controlis intended for use as an assayedquality control material tomonitor the precision oflaboratory testing procedures forthe analytes listed in the packageinsert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Pentra Micro ALB Control L/H is aquality control used to monitor theperformance of ABX Pentra MicroALBUMIN CP determination byimmunoturbidimetry.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microalbumin and creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microalbumin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Simila rities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Produced by</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad Laboratories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 days at 2 to 8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format / Packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In liquid form in 10mL vials forboth level 1 and level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine with addedconstituents of human origin,chemicals, preservatives andstabilizers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Statement of Supporting Data

Real time stability studies were conducted to establish the shelf life and open vial stability claims. Acceptance criteria were met to support the product claims as follows:

Shelf Life: 24 months at 2 to ${ \displaystyle 8 \circ } _ { \mathrm C }$ .   
Open vial stability: 90 days at 2 to ${ \mathfrak { g } } { \circ } _ { \mathrm { C } }$ .

# 9.0 Conclusion

The performance testing data conclude that the safety and effectiveness of the devices are not compromised, and that they met all acceptance criteria, demonstrating that the device is substantially equivalent to its predicate device.

July 11, 2014

# HORIBA ABX SASC/O CAROLINE FERRERPARC EUROMEDECINERUE DU CADUCEEMONTPELLIER 34184 FRANCE

Re: K133676 Trade/Device Name: ABX Pentra Micro ALB Control L/H Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJY Dated: June 9, 2014 Received: June 13, 2014

Dear Ms. Caroline Ferrer:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( k )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassifie i accordance with the provisions f the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labcling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-ree number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
htp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also. please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 87.9.For questions regarding the reporting of adver events under the MDR regulaton (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
hup://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htum for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postimarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://wwv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtncy H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Ruth A. Chesler -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW."

The burden tmeor hiscollection  inoation is tatd toveraeours per epone, iclud time to reviw instructons, search existing dat sources, gather and maintain he data needed and complee and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect ofthis information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currenUy velid OM8 number."