# 510(k) Summary

# Lyphochek Allergen slgE Control

# 1.0 Submitter

Bio-Rad Laboratories 9500 Jeronimo Road, Irvine, California 92618-2017 Telephone: (949) 598-1200 Fax: (949) 598-1557

# Contact Person

Suzanne Parsons Regulatory Affairs Manager Telephone: (949) 598-1467

# Date of Summary Preparation

Dec $2 7 ^ { 1 1 }$ ,2013

# 2.0 Device Identification

Product Trade Name:

# Lyphochek Allergen slgE Control

Lyphochek Allergen slgE Control, Negative Lyphochek Allergen slgE Control, Panel A

Common Name: Classifications: Product Code: Regulation Number:

Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (Assayed)   
Class I, Reserved   
JJY   
21 CFR 862.1660

# 3.0 Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Baseline Allergen Controls - Inhalants Controls Ventrex Laboratories Predicate 510(k) Number: K832218

# 4.0 Description of Device

Lyphochek Allergen slgE Control is prepared from human serum source material with added chemicals, stabilizers, and preservatives.

Each human donor unit used to manufacture this control was tested by FDA accepted methods and found non-reactive for Hepatitis B Surface Antigen (HBsAg), antibody to Hepatitis C (HCV) and antibody to HIV-1/HIV-2.

# 5.0 Value Assignment

The mean values and the corresponding $\pm 3 \mathsf { S } \mathsf { D }$ ranges printed in this insert were derived from replicate analyses and are specific for this lot of product. The tests listed were performed by the manufacturer and/or independent laboratories using manufacturer supported reagents and a representative sampling of this lot of product. It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own acceptable ranges and use those provided only as guides. Laboratory established ranges may vary from those listed during the life of this control.Variations over tme and between laboratories may be caused by differences in laboratory technique, instrumentation and reagents, or by manufacturer test method modifications.

# 6.0 Intended Use

Lyphochek Allergen slgE Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in this package insert.

# 7.0 Comparison of the new device with the Predicate Device

Lyphochek Allergen slgE Control claims substantial equivalence to Baseline Allergen Controls - Inhalants Controls (K832218). Table 1 (below) contains comparison information of similarities and differences between the new and predicate device to which substantial equivalence is claimed.

Table 1. Similarities and Differences between new and predicate device.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lyphochek Allergen slgE Control(New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Baseline Ailergen Controls — InhalantsControls (Predicate Device, K832218)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lyphochek Allergy Control is intended for useas an assayed quality control serum to monitorthe precision of laboratory testing proceduresfor the analytes listed in this package insert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Baseline Allergen Controls are human serumbased system for use in evaluating the accuracyand precision of allergen specific IgE testingprocedures, using either the radioallergosorbentor the enzyme immunoassay method.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contains preservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contains preservatives</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage unopened(Shelf life)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2-8 until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2-8° until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lyphochek Allergen slgE Control, NegativeLyphochek Allergen slgE Control, Panel A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Baseline Allergen Control-NegativeBaseline Allergen Control-Inhalants</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>$ .                 Differences               , 4hi 4 9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>28 days at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>No claims made</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fill Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Allergens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contains:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contains</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.   D1: House dustmite (Dermatophagoidespleronyssinus)D2: House dustmite (Dermatophagoidesfarinac)EI: Cat dander (Felisdomestirus)E3: Horse dander(Equus caballus)E5: Dog dander(Canis familiaris)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.   F13:Peanut (Ararhishypogaed)G2: Bermuda grass(Cynodon dactylon)G3: Orchard Grass(Dactylis glomeraia)G6: Timothy grass(Phleum pratense)M3: Mold (Aspergillusfumigatus)M6: Mold (AlternariaTenuis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.   GI: Sweet Vernal GrassG2: Bermuda grassG3: Orchard GrassG4: Meadow FescueG5: Perennial Rye GrassG6: Timothy GrassG7: Common ReedG8: Kentucky Blue GrassG9: Red Top (Bent Grass)G10: Johnson Grass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.   W16: True (Rough)Marsh ElderW17: Kochia(Firebrush)W22: CarelessWeedW23: Yellow DockT1: Maple (Box Elder)T2: AlderT3:BirchT4: Hazelnut</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="11">Grass G7: Common Reed G8: Kentucky Blue Grass G9: Red Top (Bent Rye</td><td>Fl: Egg white (Gallus spp.) F2: Cow&#x27;s milk</td><td>. .</td><td>T3: Birch (Betula) W6: Mugwort (Artemisia</td><td rowspan="11"></td><td rowspan="11"></td><td>G11: Brown Grass G12: Cultivated Rye G13: Velvet Grass G14: Cultivated Oat</td><td></td><td>T5: Beech T6: Mountain Cedar</td></tr><tr><td>{Bos. spp.)</td><td></td><td>vulguris)</td><td>Pollen</td><td></td><td>T7: Oak T8: Elm T9: Olive Tree THI: Sycamore</td></tr><tr><td>Does not Contain: G1: Sweet Vernal</td><td>.</td><td>W8: Dandelion</td><td></td><td>G15: Cultivated Wheat</td><td>T12: Willow T14: Cottonwood</td></tr><tr><td>Grass G4: Meadow</td><td></td><td>W9: English Plantain W10: Lamb&#x27;s Quarter W16: True (Rough)</td><td>Pollen G16: Meadow Foxtail</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Fescue</td><td>G5: Perennial Rye</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>W11: Russian Thistle</td><td>G17: Bahia Grass</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>W12: Goldenrod</td><td>W1: Common Ragweed</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>W2: Westemn Ragweed</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Marsh Elder</td><td>W3: Giant Ragweed</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>W17: Kochia (Firebrush)</td><td>W4: False Ragweed</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>W22: Careless Weed</td><td>WS: Wormwood</td><td>E2: Dog Epithelium E3: Horse Dander</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>W23: Yellow Dock</td><td>W6: Mugwort (common)</td><td>E4: Cow Dander</td></tr><tr><td>Grass)</td><td></td><td>W7: Oxeye Daisy</td><td>H1: House dust (Greer)</td></tr><tr><td>G10: Johnson Grass G11: Brown Grass</td><td>T1: Maple (Box Elder) T2: Alder</td><td>W8: Dandelion</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>T4: Hazelnut</td><td>W9: English Plantain</td><td>H2: House dust</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>G12: Cultivated</td><td>W10: Lamb&#x27;s Quarter</td><td>(Hollister-Stier)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>T5: Beech</td><td></td><td>D2:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>T6: Mountain Cedar</td><td>W1t: Russian Thistle W12: Goldenrod</td><td>Dermatophagoides</td></tr><tr><td>G13: Velvet Grass G14: Cultivated Oat</td><td>T7: Oak</td><td></td><td>farinae</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>T8: Elm</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>I6: Cockroach</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Pollen G15: Cultivated</td><td>T9: Olive Tree TI1: Sycamore</td><td colspan="4">Does not Contain:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Wheat Pollen</td><td>T12: Willow</td><td colspan="4">D1: House dust mite</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>G16: Meadow</td><td></td><td>E5: Dog dander</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Foxtail</td><td>T14: Cottonwood</td><td colspan="4">FI: Egg white</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>G17: Bahia Grass</td><td>T16: White Pine</td><td></td><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>WI: Common</td><td>T20: Mesquite</td><td></td><td colspan="3">F2: Cow&#x27;s milk</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Ragweed</td><td>T21: Pecan Tree</td><td></td><td colspan="3">FI3:Peanut</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>W2: Western</td><td>E2: Dog Epithelium</td><td></td><td colspan="3">M3: Mold</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Ragweed</td><td>E4: Cow Dander</td><td></td><td>M6: Mold</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>W3: Giant Ragweed</td><td>H1: House dust (Greer)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>H2: House dust</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>W4: False Ragweed</td><td>(Hollister-Stier)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>W5: Wormwood W7: Oxeye Daisy</td><td>16: Cockroach</td><td></td><td colspan="3"></td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Statement of Supporting Data

Real time stability studies were performed to establish open vial stability. Accelerated stability studies were performed for establishing the shelf life stability. The stabilities for Lyphochek Allergen slgE Control are as follows

Open vial Stability: 28 days at 2 to $\tt ^ { 8 \circ } C$ E Shelf Life Stability: 37 Months at $2 \%$ to $8 \textdegree$

# 9.0 Conclusion

Based on the performance characteristics indicated above, Lyphochek Allergen slgE Control is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (K832218). \*

All supporting data is retained on file at Bio-Rad Laboratories.

April 24, 2014

# BIO-RAD LABORATORIES C/O SUZANNE S. PARSONS REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANAGER 9500 JERONIMO ROAD IRVINE CA 92618

Re: K134013 Trade/Device Name: Lyphocheck Allergen slgE Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: 1 Product Code: JJY Dated: January 29, 2014 Received: January 30, 2014

Dear Ms. Parsons:

We have reviewed your Section ${ \mathfrak { s l } } 0 ( { \mathfrak { k } } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class 11 (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Ms. Parsons

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301)·796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://wwwv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also. please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarkel notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH-/'s Oflicc of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilitics under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) '638-204 1 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Enclosure

# Elizabeth A. Stafford -S

for Maria M. Chan, Ph.D. Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICESFood and Drug AdminlstrationIndications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120Expiration Date: January 31, 2017See PRA Slatemen! below.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>510(k) Number (if known)K134013</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Device NameLyphochek Allergen sIgE Control, Negative/Panel AIndications for Use (Descdbe)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Indications for Use (Descdbe)</td></tr></table>

LypAllee gnost r   n sy ulycn r or e .

Elizabeth A. Stafford -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

"Do nOT SEND yOUR CoMPLetEd fORM to tHE pRA StAFF EmAil aDDREsS bEloW.'

The burden tme for thiscollectlon of nformaton is estmated toaverage79hours per response, Including the time to revlew instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and revlew the colection of information. Send comments regarding thls burden estimate or any other aspect of thls Information collection, inctuding suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chlef Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond lo, a collectlon of Information unless It displays a currently valid OMB number."