# Device Name

Proprictary name: CA 125 11 CalSet 11

Common name: CA 125 11 CalSet I1

Classification name: Calibrator, secondary

# Establishment Registration

For the CA 125 II CalSet II, the establishment registration number (Roche Diagnostics GmbH Mannheim) is 9610126. The establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics United States is 1823260.

Classification

The FDA has classified the product as a Class I1 device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationCitation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator, Secondary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1150</td></tr></table>

Predicate Device

The CA 125 II CalSet II is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. We claim equivalency to the currently marketed CA 125 CalSet (k003969).

Device Description

The CA 125 II CalSet II is a lyophilized product consisting of human CA 125 in an cquine (Cal 1) and a human (Cal 2) serum matrix. During manufacture, the analyte is spiked into the matrix at the desired concentration levels.

Intended Use

CA 125 II CalSet II is uscd for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys CA 125 II assay on the Elccsys and cobas c immunoassay analyzers.

# Reason for Submission

The CA 125 II CalSet II is being changed from a liquid to lyophilized material. In addition, we are decreasing the concentration of Cal I to $0 \ \mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ by using cquine serum.

Table 1 below compares CA 125 II CalSet II with the predicate device, CA 125 II CalSet (k003969).

Changes in the new product include lowering Cal 1 to no CA 125 (by using equine serum), and going from liquid calibrators to lyophilized.

Table 1. Comparison of Candidate and Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 125 II CalSet II(Candidate Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys® CA 125 II CalSet(k003969)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 125 II CalSet II is used forcalibrating the quantitative ElecsysCA 125 11 assay on the Elecsys andcobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human CA 125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equine serum (Cal1) and Humanserum (Cal 2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGntaYellowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetRanges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal 1: 0 U/mLCal 2: 500 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal 1: 35 U/mLCal 2: 500 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized:Up until labeled expiration dateReconstituted:-20C: 20 weeks (freeze only once)2-8248C: 12 weekson the Elecsys 2010 and cobas e411(20-25°C): up to 5 hourson the MODULAR ANALYTICSE170, cobas c601 and cobas c602analyzers: use only once</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8°C until expiration datcOpcned:at 2-8°C: 12 weekson the Elecsys 2010 and cobas e411(20-25°C): up to 5 hourson the MODULAR ANALYTICSE170, cobas e601 and cobas e602analyzers: use only once</td></tr></table>

Table 1. Comparison of Candidate and Predicate Devices, continued   

<table><tr><td>Characteristic Handling</td><td>CA 125 II CalSet II (Candidate Device)</td><td>Elecsys. CA 125 II CalSet (k003969)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5"></td><td>Carefully dissolve the contents of one bottle by adding exactly 1.0 mL of distilled or deionized water and allow to stand closed for 15 minutes to reconstitute. Mix carefully,</td><td>The calibrators are supplied ready- for-use in bottles compatible with the system. Elecsys 2010 and cobas e 411 analyzers: The calibrators should</td></tr><tr><td>avoiding foam formation. Transfer the reconstituted calibrators into the supplied empty labeled snap- cap bottles. Elecsys 2010 and cobas e 411 analyzers: The reconstituted calibrators should only be left on the</td><td>only be left on the analyzers during calibration at 20-25°C. After use, close the bottles as soon as possible and store at 2-8°C. Due to possible evaporation effects, not more than 5 calibration</td></tr><tr><td>analyzers during calibration at 20- 25°C. After use, close the boules as soon as possible and store upright at 2-8°C. Due to possible evaporation effects, not more than 5 calibration procedures per bottle set should be performed. If necessary, freeze in aliquots.</td><td>procedures per bottle set should be performed. MODULAR ANALYTICS E170, cobas e 601 and cobas e 602 analyzers: Unless the cntire volume is necessary for calibration on the analyzers, transfer aliquots of the ready-for-use calibrators to cmpty snap-cap bottles (CalSet Vials).</td></tr><tr><td>MODULAR ANALYTICS, cobas e 601 and cobas e 602 analyzers: Unless the entire volume is necessary for calibration on the analyzers, transfer aliquots of the reconstituted</td><td>Attach the supplied labcls to these additional bottles. Store the aliquots at 2-8°C for later use. Perform only one calibration procedure per aliquot.</td></tr><tr><td>calibrators into empty snap-cap bottles (CalSet Vials). Attach the supplied labels to these additional bottles. Aliquots intended for storage at -20°C should be frozen immediately. Perform only one calibration procedure per aliquot.</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>CA 125 II CalSet II (Candidate Device) v</td><td>Elecsys CA 125 II CalSet (k003969)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Traceability</td><td>The Elecsys CA 125 11 assay has been standardized against the</td><td>Same</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Enzymun Test CA 125 II method. This in turn was standardized against the CA 125 II RIA from Fujirebio</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Performance Characteristics

The CA 125 II CalSct II was cvaluated for value assignment, stability, and reconstitution.

# Conclusion

The data demonstrate that the performance of the CA 125 II CalSet II is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device, Elecsys® CA 125 I1 CalSet.

June 6. 2014

ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS   
C/O DR. JANE ELLEN PHILLIPS   
REGULATORY PROGRAM MANAGER   
91 15 HAGUE ROAD   
INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46250

Re: K140112 Trade/Device Name: CA 125 II CalSet I1 Regulation Number: 21 CFR S62.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: 11 Product Code: JIT Dated: May 16. 2014 Received: May 19. 2014

Dear Dr. Phillips:

We have reviewed your Section S lo(k) premarkel notification of intent to markel the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976, the cnactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore. market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices. good manufacturing practice. labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however. that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into cither class I1 (Special Controls) or class I1 (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts S00 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements. including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807): labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse cvents) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Par1 820); and if applicable. the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance al its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
hitp://www.ida.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/defaul.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address hup://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of lmmunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K140112</td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name Elecsys CA 125 1I CalSet H1</td><td></td></tr></table>

Elizabeth A. Stafford -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden tme r h colection infoation is stated to averaghours per spns includg time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gather andmaintain the data needed and complee and review the collection ofinformation. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."