# 510(k) Summary

In accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR.807.92, the following information about 510(k) safety and effectiveness is being submitted.

1. Submitter

CERAGEM Medisys Inc.   
16, Jeongjal-gil, Seonggeo-eup, Scobuk-gu, "   
Cheonan-si, Chungcheongnam-do, 331-833, Republic of Korea Phone : (82) 41-529-8427   
Fax : (82) 41-551-0767   
Contact Person: Dana Moon

2 Date Prepared

July 3, 2014

3.Device Name.

Common name : LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Monitoring System Classification : Class II (Regulation: 21 CFR § 862.1345) Product Code : NBW, CGA(Blood Glucose Test System, Over the Count)

Predicate Device

The difference between Predicate device (k 102751) and Candidate device is shape of the test strip,Coding and Manufacturer Address. The rest of the device is substantially equivalent to existing device described as below.

Device Name: LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Monitoring System Model:MG 200   
Manufacturer: CERAGEM Medisys Inc.   
510(K) Number: K102751

Device Description

The system consists of Test Meter, Test Strips, Lancing Device, lancets, 3V battery and Carrying Case.

The system measures the amount of glucose (sugar) in whole blood. Blood is applied to the absorbent hole of the test strip and automatically drawn into the reaction zone where reaction between reagent and glucose occurs.

# 6. Indication for use

The LabonaCheck $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Gluppy Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip. The LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The LabonaCheck $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Gluppy Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use.

The LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip.

<table><tr><td>7.Comparison with:predicate</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate (k102751)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LabonaCheck® Gluppy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LabonaCheck® Gluppy(existing device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Similarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative measurement of glucose incapillary whole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fingertip only</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mediator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium ferricyanide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20~600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temperature range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50~104°F10~40°</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 uL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Humidityrange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10- 80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noble metal electrode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Warranty(Test Meter)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power(Battery)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CR2032</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open use time(Test Strips)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reaction Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 second</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20~60%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid &gt; 8.0mg/dLTriglycerides &gt; 400 mg/dLSodium fluoride &gt; 500mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 results with date and time</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refer to N. Performance Characteristicson 6 page</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Code key required</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shape of the teststrip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td></tr><tr><td>Manufacturer Address</td><td>103-703, Sk Ventium, 522 Dangjeong-dong, Gunpo-si, 435-77, Korea</td><td>16, Jeongja 1-gil,Seonggeo-eup, Seobuk-gu, Cheonan-si,</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

As he oparion table Bot  Candiate n predicte device ave same es detecn metho, etnge y pn tm, hematorit nge interference,memory,and performance haraceristi. FurhermoreCndidatDevic is alousing enzyme andmediato. To sumup wih he smilaris, candiate device is siar with the preicate vosheetciershe  a te ip ndmucer dess has beecanged In concusion, despiofhe iffence such as me above, the LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Monioring Systes substantially equivalent as compare to the predicate device.

Total 4pages

CERAGEM MEDISYS INC.   
DANA MOON   
16 JEONGIAL-GIL, SEONGGEO-EUP, SEOBUK-GU CHEONAN, CHUNGCHEONGNAM-D0 331-833 KOREA

Re: K140141 Trade/Device Name: LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: June 05, 2014 Received: June 16, 2014

Dear Dana Moon:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class IlI (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2-Mr. Moon

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.9 For questions regarding the reporting o adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k140141

Device Name LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe) The LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. The LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes controls. The LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use.

The LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the LabonaCheck® Gluppy Blood Glucose Test Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

# Stayce Beck -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

The burden time orthis collectionof information is estimated to average7hours per response, incuding the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding thls burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."