510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence.

k140267 The assigned 510(k) Number:

1. Applicant Information Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics lnc. 511 Benedict Avenue Tarrytown, NY 10591 USA

# Contact Person:

Fatima Pacheco   
Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist   
(914) 524-2450   
(914) 524-3579   
fatima.pacheco@siemens.com   
January 29, 2014

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

2. Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

ADVIA Centaur TnI-Ultra® Master Curve Material   
Quality Control materials for ADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra assay   
Master Curve Material (MCM) for ADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra   
assay   
21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX - Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and   
Unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code:

Panel:

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

Elecsys Troponin I CalCheck 5   
k100594

4. Device Description:

DVA Cn-UlaCua in vilro diagnostic product containing various levels of bovine cardiac troponin I in a goat serum matrix with preservatives. Each set contains five lyophilized levels (MCM1-5); with a reconstituted volume of 1.0 ml. each. MCM 1 contains no analyte. The Tnl-Ultra MCMs assigned values are lot-specific of target values 0.00, 1.00, 3.50, 14.0 and $4 0 . 0 ~ \mathsf { n g / n } \mathsf { 1 } .$ .

5.Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below: The ADVIA Centaur TnI-Ultra Master Curve Material is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur TnI-Ulitra assay.

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s):

For prescription use only

Special Instrument Requirements:

ADVIA Centaur® Systems A description of the ADVIA Centaur system is documented in K971418. Subsequent modifications to the instrument have been reviewed and cleared in K032525 and K041 133

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended usc, and other information demonstrates that the ADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra MCM is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra MCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Troponin I CalCheck 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ADVIA Centaur TnI-UltraMaster Curve Material is for in vitrodiagnostic use in the verification ofcalibration and reportable range of theADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys Troponin I CalCheck 5 isan assayed control for use incalibration verification and for use inthe verification of the assay rangeestablished by the Elecsys Troponin Ireagent on the indicated Elecsys andcobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Troponin I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Goat Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened - Stable when storedunopened at 28°C until the expirationdate on the vial label.Opened (Reconstituted) - Stablewhen stored at 28°C for 8 hours; oron-board for 4 hours; or when storedat -20°C for 60 days.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened - Stable at 2-8°C up to theexpiration date printed on the bottlelabels.Reconstituted - Stable for 4 hours at2025°C.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Standard/Guidance Document References

The following recognized standard and guidance documents were used:

CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents   
− Guidance for Industry - Abbreviated $5 1 0 ( k )$ Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators   
• Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

# 8. Test Principle

The MCMs are specifically intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur assays for use on the ADVIA Centaur systems. Customers use MCMs for bi-annual calibration verification checks of the assay range and linearity in order to meet the requirements of hospital accreditation bodies.

# 9. Performance Characteristics

# 9.1 Analytical performance:

The following studies are not applicable for the purpose of this submission:

Precision/Reproducibility   
• Linearity/Assay Reportable Range   
• Detection limit Analytical Specificity   
0 Assay cul-off   
• Method Comparison Snudies Clinical Smudies (Sensitivity, Specificity, and cut-off)

# 9.2 Non-Clinical Performance Testing

# 9.2.1 Stability Studies

Stability studies were conducted to support the shelf life unopened and reconstituted material for the ADVIA Centaur TnI-Ultra MCMs 1o ensure that it maintains optimal product performance throughout the established shelf-life. The data supports the stability claims detailed in the ADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra MCM Instructions for Use.

The following stability studies were performed for ADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra MCM:

. Real Time/Shelf Life (unopened) • In Use (open vial) storage at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathbb { C }$ (reconstituted) • In Use (open vial) storage at $- 2 0 \textdegree C$ (reconstituted) − On-Board

Real time shelf-life studies (mopened): Test Tnl-Ultra MCMs were stored unopened at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathbb { C }$ and tested at $\mathrm { T } { = } 0$ and at the following time points: 3 months, 6 months, and 10 months. Shelf life claims are based upon real time stability carried out one month after the duration claimed. Real time shelf-life stabitity studies of MCMs were detcrnined by comparison of dose recoveries to the $\mathrm { T } { = } 0$ dose recovery results. Acceptance criteria for the real-time stability study were met up to the 10 months time point, which supports a shelf-life claim of 9 months. Unopened storage shelf-life is indicated by expiration date on the vial label.

In use open vial (reconstituted) stored at $2 { - } \delta ^ { \circ } C _ { }$ Test Tnl-Ulra MCMs were reconstituted, each level pooled, aliquotted and stored at 28°C, tested in 5 replicates per level at $\mathrm { T } { = } 0$ , 2, 4, 6, 8, 9, 24 and 25 hours. Acceptance criteria for the open vial (reconstituted) stability study were met up to the 9 hour time point, which supports the open vial claim of 8 hours when stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } C$ .

In use open vial (reconstituted) stored at ${ \underline { { - 2 0 } } } \circ C .$ Test Tnl-Ultra MCMs were reconstituted, each level pooled, aliquotted and stored at ${ \mathfrak { - } } 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , tested in 5 replicates per level at Day ${ = } 0$ , 14. 28, 35,45. 60 and 63days. Acceptance criteria for the open vial (reconstituted) stability study were mcl up to the 63days time point, which supports the open vial (reconstituted) claim stored ${ } _ { - 2 0 } \circ { } _ { C }$ for 60 days.

On-board Stability: Test Tnl-Ultra MCMs were reconstituted, each level pooled. aliquotted into sample cups and stored on the ADVIA Centaur system and measured at time point $\gamma = 0$ , 2, 4 and 5 hours. Acceptance criteria for the on-board stability study were met up to 5 hours, which supports the on-board stability claim for 4 hours.

# Stability Acceptance Criteria

The stability specifications acceptance criteria for the ADVIA Cenatur Tnl-Ultra MCM are as follows:

• Real Time/Shelf life (Unopened): The dosc recovery for MCMi musi bc $\leq 0 . 0 2$ dose and for MCM2-5, the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 85 to $1 1 5 \%$ calculated to Day 0 and/or no adverse trends. In Use (Open Vial) storage at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ (reconstituted): The dose recovery for MCM1 versus freshly reconstituted ${ \mathfrak { - 8 0 } } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ stored MCM1 average dose must be $\leq 0 . 0 2$ dose and for $M C M \ 2 – 5$ versus freshly reconstituted $- 8 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ stored MCM25 average dose, the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 85 to $1 1 5 \%$ . In Use (Open Vial) storage at ${ \mathfrak { - } } 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ (reconstituted): The dose recovery for MCM1 versus freshly reconstituted $- 8 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ stored MCM1 average dose must be $\leq 0 . 0 2$ dose and for MCM 25 versus freshly reconstituted $. 8 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ stored MCM2-5 the average $\%$ dose recovery must be within 85 t0 $1 1 5 \%$ .   
• On-Board: The dose recovery for MCM1 must be $\leq ~ 0 . 0 2$ dose and for MCM2-5 the $\%$ dose rccovery must bc within 85 to $1 1 5 \%$ calculated to Time ${ \tt = } 0$ .

# 9.2.2 Value Assignment

The ADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra MCMs are valuc assigncd using assigncd reference calibrators and MCMs. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using bovine troponin l antigen stock and are traceable to highly purified internal material. The MCMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

For each new Tnl-Ultra MCM lot manufactured, MCM1 is run in 5 replicates on two separate runs using onc reagent kit lol. A nested testing run protocol is used for MCM2-MCM5 value assignment. This consists of running alernating samples of the reference and new MCM level in the same run. MCM2MCM5 were tested on 20 replicates in total, comprised of one run and four sample cups run in 5 replicates on one system and one reagent kit lot. This protocol is designed to remove system and run variation. The new MCM doses must fall within the final valuc assignment specification for Tnl-Ultra MCMs. A performance verification run consisting of 6 replicates of each MCM level is run using one instrument, one reagent kit lot and Bio-Rad Cardiac controls. The mean MCM doses of the new Tnl-Ultra MCM lot manufactured must fall within the release range specifications. The relcase ranges are $5 \%$ tighter than the customer ranges.

The target for MCM1 is assigned a 0.0 dose. There is no statistical method used to assign the 0.0 dose. MCMlrange is clained as "< " less than 3X the limit of sensitivity $( \leq 0 . 0 1 8 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ of the ADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra assay.

# 9.2.3 Expected Values

The expected values are the lot-specific assigned values obtained at value assignment and the lot-specific assigned ranges are the lot-spccific customer ranges established per $\%$ interval as below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr></table>

Lot-specific assigned values and ranges are provided in the ADVIA Centaur TnlUltra MCM lot-specific value sheet cxample as below in Table 2.

Table 2: Example Lot-specific Assigned Values and Ranges for Tnl-Ulira MCM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Values(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assigned Values(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.018</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.612</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4900.734</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.593.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.76-14.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 26.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>0.00650 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# 9.2.4 Traceability

The ADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra assay is traceablc to NIST SRM 2921. The ADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra assay is standardized to an internal standard manufactured using highly purified material. Assigned values for calibrators and MCMs are traceable to this standardization. The Tnl-Ulura MCMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 10. Proposed Labeling

The labeling is sufficicnt and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809. 10.

# 11. Conclusion

The ADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra Master Curve Material (MCM) is substantially cquivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially cquivalent to the currently marketed Elccsys Troponin I CalCheck 5. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the ADVIA Ceniaur TnlUltra Maser Curve Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following infornation provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) Number:  k 140267

# 1. Applicant Information Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue Tarrytown, NY 10591 USA

# Contact Person:

Fatima Pacheco   
Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist   
(914) 524-2450   
(914) 524-3579   
fatima.pacheco@sicmens.com   
January 29, 2014

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

2. Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

ADVIA Centaur® Digoxin Master Curve Material Quality Control materials for ADVIA Centaur Digoxin assay Master Curve Material (MCM) for ADVIA Centaur Digoxin assay

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code:

21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JX  Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and   
Unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

Panel:

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

Elecsys Dogixin CalCheck 5   
k102044

4. Device Deseription:

ADVIA Centaur® Digoxin Master Curve Materials is an in vi/ro diagnostic product containing various levels of digoxin in defibrinated human plasma with sodium azide $( 0 . 1 \%$ after reconstitution) and preservatives. Each set contains six lyophilized levels (MCM16); with a reconstituted volume of $1 . 0 : \mathfrak { n } \mathrm { L }$ each. MCM1 contains no analyte. The Digoxin MCMs assigned values are lot specific of target values O.0, 0.50, $1 . 0 0 , 2 . 0 0 , 3 . 0 0 , 5 . 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

CAUTION! POTENTIAL BIOHAZARD: CONtaINS huUMAN source material. While each human serum or plasma donor unit used in the manufacture of this product was tested by FDAapproved methods and found nonreactive for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg), antibody to hepatitis C (HCV), and antibody to HIV-1/2, all products manufactured using human source material should be handled as potentially infectious. Because no test method can offer complete assurance that hepatitis B or C viruses, HIV, or other infectious agents are absent, these products should be handled according to established good laboratory practices.

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement bclow: The ADVIA Centaur® Digoxin Master Curve Material is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur Digoxin assay.

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s):

For prescription use only

Special Instrument Requirements:

ADVIA Centaur® Systems A description of the ADVIA Centaur system is documented in K971418. Subsequent modifications to the instrument have been reviewed and cleared in K032525 and K04 1 133.

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended usc, and other information demonstrates that the ADVIA Centaur Digoxin MCM is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as sumnarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur Digoxin MCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Digoxin CalCheck 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ADVIA Centaur DigoxinMCM is for in vilro diagnostic use inthe verification of calibration andreportable range of the ADVIACentaur Digoxin assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys Digoxin CalCheck 5 is anassayed control for use in calibrationverification and for use in theverification of the assay rangeestablished by the Elecsys Digoxinreagent on the indicated Elecsys andcobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Digoxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Usc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Defibrinated human plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened  Stable when storedunopened at 28°C until the expirationdate on the vial label.Opened (Reconstituted) - Stablewhen stored at 28°C for 28 days; oron-board for 4 hours.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened - Stable at 2-8°C up to theexpiration date printed on the bottlelabels.Opened  Stable for 5 hours at2025°C.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Standard/Guidance Document References

The following recognized standard and guidance documents were used:

• CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents Guidance for Industry  Abbreviated $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators   
• Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

# 8. Test Principle

The MCMs are specifically intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur assays for use on the ADVIA Centaur systems. Customers use MCMs for bi-annual calibration verification checks of the assay range and linearity in order to meet the requirements of hospital accreditation bodies.

# .Performance Characteristics

# 9.1 Analytical performance:

The following studies are not applicable for the purpose of this submission:

Precision/Reproducibility   
. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range   
o Detection limit Analytical Specificity   
o Assay cut-off Method Comparison Studies   
. Clinical Sudies (Sensitivity. Specificity, and cut-off)

# 9.2 Non-Clinical Performance Testing

# 9.2.1 Stability Studies

The stability studies were conducted to support the shclf life (unopened) and opened reconstituted material for the ADVIA Centaur Digoxin MCMs. The data supports the stability claims detailed in the ADVIA Centaur Digoxin MCM Instructions for Use.

The following stability studies were performed for ADVIA Ceniaur Digoxin MCM:

Real Time/Shelf Life (unopened) • In Use (open vial) storage at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C$ (reconstituted) On-Board Stability

Real time shelf-life studies (unopened): Test Digoxin MCMs were stored unopened at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } C$ and tested at $T { = } 0$ and at the following time points: 12 months, 18 months, and 33 months. Shelf life claims are based upon real time stability carried out one month after the duration claimed. Real time shelf-life stability studies of MCMs were determined by comparison of dose recoveries to the $\mathrm { T } { = } 0$ dose recovery results. Acceptance criteria for the real-time stability study were met up to the 33 months' time point, which supports a shelf-life claim of 32 months. Unopened storage shelf-life is indicated by expiration date on the vial label.

In use open vial (reconstinuted) slored at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C .$ Test Digoxin MCMs were reconstituted, each level pooled, aliquotted and stored at $2 \mathrm { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ tested in 5 replicates per level at $T = 0$ , 7. 14, 21, 28 and 29 davs. Acceptance criteria for the open vial (reconstituted) stability study were met up to the 29 days' time point. which supports the open vial claim of 28 days when stored at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C$ .

On-board Stability: Test Digoxin MCMs were reconstituted, each level pooled, aliquotted into samplc cups and stored on the ADVIA Centaur system and measured at time point $\mathrm { { T } } = \mathrm { { 0 } }$ , 2, 4 and 5 hours. Acceptance criteria for the onboard stability study were met up to 5 hours, which supports the on-board stability claim for 4 hours.

# Stability Acceptance Criteria

The stability specifications acceptance criteria for the ADVIA Centaur Digoxin MCM are as follows:

Real Time/Shelf life (Unopened): The dose recovery for MCM1 must be $\leq 0 . 1 0$ dose, for MCM2 the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 82 to $1 \nmid \mathrm { \ S \% }$ and for MCM36 the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 85 to $1 1 5 \%$ calculated to Day 0 and/or no adverse trends.   
In Use (Open Vial) storage at ${ 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } }$ (reconstituted): The dose recovery for MCM1 versus $- 8 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ stored MCM1 average dose must be $\leq 0 . 1 0$ dose. for MCM2 versus $\textstyle - 8 0 ^ { \circ } C$ stored MCM2 average dose the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 82 to $1 1 8 \%$ and for MCM 36 versus $- 8 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ MCMs 3-6 average dose the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 85 to $1 1 5 \%$ .   
On-Board Stability: The dose recovery for MCM1 must be $\leq 0 . 1 0$ dose, for MCM2 the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 82 to $1 1 8 \%$ and for MCM3-6 the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 85 to $1 1 5 \%$ calculated to $\gamma { = } 0$

# 9.2.2 Value Assignument

The ADVIA Centaur Digoxin MCMs are valuie assigned using assigned reference calibrators and MCMs. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using USP (United States Pharmacopeia) Digoxin stock and are traceable to USP internal material. The MCMs are manufactured using qualificd materials and measurenent procedures.

For each new Digoxin MCM lot manufactured, MCM1 is run in 5 replicates on two separate runs using one reagent kit lot. A nested testing run protocol is used for MCM2-MCM6 value assignment. This consists of running alternating samples of the reference and new MCM level in the same run. MCM2MCM6 were tested on 20 replicates in total, comprised of one run and four sample cups run in 5 replicates on one system and one reagent kit lot. This protocol is designed to remove system and run variation. The new MCM doses must fall within the final value assignment specification for Digoxin MCMs. A performance verification run consisting of 6 replicates of each MCM levcl is run using one instrument, one reagent kit lot and Bio-Rad controls. The mcan MCM doses of the new Digoxin MCM lot manufactured must fall within thc release range specifications. The release ranges are $5 \%$ tighter than the customer range specifications.

The target for MCM1 is assigned a 0.0 dose. There is no statistical method used to assign the 0.0 dose. MCMl range is claimed as $" < "$ less than 3X the limit of sensitivity $( \leq \mathrm { ~ 0 . ~ l ~ } \ \mathfrak { n } \mathfrak { g } ^ { \prime } \mathfrak { n } \mathfrak { L } )$ of the ADVIA Centaur Digoxin assay. MCMG is targeted greater than the assay range, customers need to dilutc with MCM1 to meet the reportable range of the assay.

#

# 9.2.3 Expected Values

The expected values are the lot-specific assigned values obtained at value assignment and the lot-specific assigned ranges are the lot-specific customer ranges established per $\%$ interval as below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr></table>

Lot-specific assigned values and ranges are provided in the ADVIA Centaur Digoxin MCM lot-specific value sheet example as bclow in Table 2.

Table 2: Example Lot-specific Assigned Values and Ranges for Digoxin MCM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Values(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assigned Values(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.574</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3440.804</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8961.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.712.57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.513.77</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 4.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>0.1-5.0 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# 9.2.4 Traceability

The ADVIA Centaur Digoxin assay is slandardized to an internal standard manufactured using USP (United States Pharmacopeia) material. Assigned values for calibrators and MCMs are traceable to this standardization.

# 10. Proposed Labeling

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# 11. Conclusion

The ADVIA Centaur Digoxin Master Curve Material (MCM) is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Elecsys Digoxin CalCheck 5. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate devicc, the ADVIA Centaur Digoxin Maser Curve Material does not raise any new questions on safcty and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

# SIEMENS HEALTHCARE DIAGNOSTICS INC. FATIMA PACHECO REGULATORY CLINICAL AFFAIRS SPECIALIST 511 BENEDICT AVENUE TARRYT0WN NY 10591-5097

Re: K140267 Trade/Device Name: ADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra® Master Curve Material (MCM), ADVIA Centaur® Digoxin Master Curve Material (MCM) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material Regulatory Class: I, reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: February 04, 2014 Received: February 7, 2014

Dear Ms. Pacheco:

We have reviewed your Section $5 ! 0 ( \boldsymbol { \mathbf { k } } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to i hathave cs  ith e in  dl  D and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing o devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warrantis.We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleaing.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title , Parts 800 to 898 In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concering your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2-Ms. Pacheco

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and please contact he Division  Small Manufacturers, Inteational and Consumer An  o ur 00 63804 3017100 n res http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/defauit.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H Lias -S

Enclosure

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICESFood and Drug AdministrationIndications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120Expiration Date: January 31, 2017See PRA Statement on last pege.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>510(k) Number (if known)k140267</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Device NameADVIA Centaur® Tnl-Ultra Master Curve Material (MCM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(ndications for Use (Describe)ThVarange of the ADVIA Centaur Tn-Ultra assay.</td></tr></table>

# Ruth A. Chesler -S

# FORM FDA 3881 (1/14)

. . This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*do not send your completed form to the pra staff email address below.\*

The burden time forthis colection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, incuding the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the coilection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect oinoaton collectioninciestios  euch ur

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chlef information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES&#x27;y  -  yi. Food and Drug AdministrationIndications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120Expiration Date: January 31, 2017See PRA Statement on last page.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>510(k) Number (if known)k140267</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Device NameADVIA Centaur® Digoxin Master Curve Material (MCM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Indications for Use (Describe)range of the ADVIA Centaur Digoxin assay.</td></tr></table>

# Ruth A. Chesler -S

# FORM FDA 3881 (1/14)

This section appesony torequrements of the Paerwork Reducion Ac of 1985.

The burentmocionnfoaton statdtove7hou perreoneincui time toreviw nstructins, search exdsting dat sources, gatherand maintan he dt needeand complte and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding ths burden estimateor any other aspect oitionnistio

Department of Heath and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaft@fda.hhs.gov

"An egency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information uniess it displays a currently valid OmB number."