# 510(k) Summary - ADVIA Centaur VB12 Master Curve Material

Intrduction:According to the requirements of21 CFR 807.9, the following information provides sufint details tounderstand the bas or determination  substantial equivalece

The assigned 510(k) Number: k140505

# 1. Applicant Information Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue Tarrytown, NY 10591 USA

# Contact Person:

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

Fatima Pacheco   
Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist   
(914) 524-2450   
(914) 524-3579   
fatima.pacheco@siemens.com   
February 24, 2014

2.Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

ADVIA Centaur® Vitamin B12 (VB12) Master Curve Material Quality Control materials for ADVIA Centaur VB12 assay Master Curve Material (MCM) for ADVIA Centaur VB12 assay 21 CFR 862. 1660, Quality Control Material

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code: Panel:

Class I Reserved   
JJX - Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and   
Unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

Elecsys Vitamin B12 CalCheck K060755

Device Description:

ADVIA Centaur Vitamin B12 Master Curve Material is an in vitro diagnostic product containing various levels of vitamin $\mathsf { B } _ { 1 2 }$ in buffered human serum albumin with sodium azide $( 0 . 2 \% )$ and preservatives. Each set contains six levels (MCM16); with a fill volume of $1 . 0 m L$ per level. VB12 MCMs are ready-to-use liquid products. MCM1contains no analyte. The MCMs assigned values are lot-specific of target values: 0.00, 100,250, 500, 1000, and $2 2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ .

CAUTION! POTENTIAL BIOHAZARD: COntainS human source material. While each human serum or plasma donor unit used in the manufacture of this product was tested by FDAapproved methods and found nonreactive for hepatitis B surface antigen $\left( { \mathrm { H B s A g } } \right)$ , antibody to hepatitis C (HCV), and antibody to HIV-1/2, all products manufactured using human source material should be handled as potentially infectious. Because no test method can offer complete assurance that hepatitis B or C viruses, HIV, or other infectious agents are absent, these products should be handled according to established good laboratory practices.

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below: The ADVIA Centaur® Vitamin B12 (VB12) Master Curve Material is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur VB12 assay.

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s):

For prescription use only

Special Instrument Requirements:

ADVIA Centaur® Systems A description of the ADVIA Centaur system is documented in K971418. Subsequent modifications to the instrument have been reviewed and cleared in K032525 and K041 133.

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the ADVIA Centaur VB12 MCM is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur VB12 MCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Vitamin Bj2 CalCheck</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ADVIA Centaur Vitamin B12(VB12) Master Curve Material is for invitro diagnostic use in the verificationof calibration and reportable range ofthe ADVIA Centaur VB12 assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in the verification of thecalibration established by the ElescysVitamin B12 reagent on the indicatedElecsys and cobas e immunoassayanalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin B2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened  Stable when storedunopened at 2-8°C until the expirationdate on the vial label.Opened  Stable on-board for 4 hours.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened - Stable at 2-8°C up tothe expiration date printed on thebottle labels.Reconstituted - Stable for 4 hours at2025°C.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Standard/Guidance Document References

The following recognized standard and guidance documents were used:

• CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents Guidance for Industry  Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagostic Calibrators Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff  Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

# 8.Test Principle

The MCMs are specifically intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur assays for use on the ADVIA Centaur systes. ustmers ma se s r i-anual calibration veriatin checks the sy range and linearity in order to meet the requirements of hospital accreditation bodies.

# .Performance Characteristics

# 9.1 Analytical performance:

The following studies are not applicable for the purpose of this submission:

• Precision/Reproducibility   
• Linearity/Assay Reportable Range   
0 Detection limit Analytical Specificity Assay cut-off Method Comparison Studies Clinical Studies (Sensitivity, Specificity, and cut-off)

# 9.2 Non-Clinical Performance Testing

# 9.2.1 Stability Studies

Stability studies were conducted to support the shelf life (unopened) and on-board (opened) material for the ADVIA Centaur VB12 MCMs to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance throughout the established shelf-life. The data supports the stability claims detailed in the ADVIA Centaur VB12 MCM Instructions for Use.

The following stability studies were performed for ADVIA Centaur VB12 MCM:

• Real Time/Shelf Life (unopened) On-Board

Real time shelf-life studies (unopened): Test VB12 MCMs were stored unopened at ${ 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } }$ and tested at $\mathtt { T } { = } 0$ and at the following time points: 6 months, 12 months, and 15 months. Shelf life claims are based upon real time stability carried out one month after the duration claimed. Real time shelf-life stability studies of MCMs were determined by comparison of dose recoveries to the $\scriptstyle \mathbf { T } = 0$ dose recovery results. Acceptance criteria for the real-time stability study were met up to the 15 months' time point, which supports a shelf-life claim of 14 months. Unopened storage shelf-life is indicated by the expiration date on the vial label.

On-board Stability: Pooled aliquots of test VB12 MCMs in sample cups were stored on the ADVIA Centaur system and measured at time point $\mathbf { \partial T = 0 }$ ,2, 4 and 5 hours. On-board stability studies of MCMs were determined by comparison of dose recoveries to the $\mathrm { { T } = 0 }$ dose recovery results.Acceptance criteria for the onbar stability sudy were met up to hours, which supports the n-board stabiity claim for 4 hours.

Stability Acceptance Criteria

The stability specifications acceptance criteria for the ADVIA Centaur VB12 MCM are as follows:

Real Time/Shelf life (Unopened): The dose recovery for MCMl must be $\leq 4 5 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ dose; MCM2, the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 75 to $12 5 \%$ MCM36, the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 85 to $1 1 5 \%$ calculated back to Day 0 and/or no adverse trends.   
C On-Board: The dose recovery for MCM1 must be ≤ 45 pg/mL dose; MCM2, the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 75 to $12 5 \%$ MCM36, the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 85 to $1 1 5 \%$ calculated to $\mathtt { T } { = } 0$ .

# 9.2.2 Value Assignment

The ADVIA Centaur VB12 MCMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators and MCMs. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using USP (United States Pharmacopeia) VB12 stock and are traceable to USP internal material. The MCMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

For each new VB12 MCM lot manufactured, MCM1 is run in 5 replicates on two separate runs using one reagent kit lot. A nested testing run protocol is used for MCM2MCM6 value assignment. This consists of running alternating samples of the reference and new MCM level in the same run. MCM2MCM6 were tested on 20 replicates in total, comprised of one run and four sample cups run in 5 replicates on one system and one reagent kit lot. This protocol is designed to remove system and run variation. The new MCM doses must fall within the final value assignment specification for VB12 MCMs. The MCMs dose values are generated using the two-point calibration. The new MCM dose is calculated based on the relationship between the observed reference MCM dose and its assigned value. A performance verification run consisting of 6 replicates of each MCM level is run using one instrument, one reagent kit lot and Bio-Rad controls. The mean MCM doses of the new MCM lot manufactured must fall within the customer range specifications.

The target for MCMi is assigned a 0.0 dose. The quality control specifications and final value assignment limits for VB12 MCM ensure that MCM1 measures at or below the VB12 assay sensitivity limit. MCM6 targeted greater than the assay range is diluted with the MCM1 to meet the reportable range of the assay.

# 9.2.3 Expected Values

The expected values are the lot-specific assigned values obtained at value assignment and the lot-specific assigned ranges are the lot-specific customer ranges are determined per $\%$ interval on page 6.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr></table>

Lot-specific assigned values and ranges are provided in the ADVIA Centaur VB12 MCM lot-specific value sheet in the example provided in Table 2.

Table 2: Example Lot-specific VB12 MCM Target and Assigned Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM Level·.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Values(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assigned Values(pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>218</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>469</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1099</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2309</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>452000 pg/mL (33-1476 pmol/L)</td></tr></table>

# 9.2.4 Traceability

The ADVIA Centaur VB12 assay is traceable to an internal standard manufactured using U.S.P. (United States Pharmacopeia) material. Assigned values for calibrators and MCMs are traceable to this standardization. The VB12 MCMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 10. Proposed Labeling

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# 11. Conclusion

The ADVIA Centaur VB12 Master Curve Material (MCM) is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Elecsys Vitamin $\mathbf { B } _ { 1 2 }$ CalCheck. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the ADVIA Centaur VB12 Maser Curve Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

# 510(k) Summary - ADVIA Centaur ThCG Master Curve Material

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination ofsubstantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) Number: k140505

# 1. Applicant Information Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue Tarrytown, NY 10591 USA

# Contact Person:

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

Fatima Pacheco   
Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist   
(914) 524-2450   
(914) 524-3579   
fatima.pacheco@siemens.com   
February 24, 2014

Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

ADVIA Centaur® Total hCG Master Curve Material Quality Control materials for ADVIA Centaur Total hCG assay Master Curve Material (MCM) for ADVIA Centaur Total hCG assay

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code:

Panel:

21 CFR 862. 1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX - Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and   
Unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

Elecsys HCG CalCheck 5   
K092168

Device Description:

ADVIA Centaur® ThCG Master Curve Materials is an in viro diagnostic product containing various levels of ThCG in lyophilized equine serum with preservatives including amphotericin B. Each set contains ten lyophilized levels (MCM1-10); with a reconstituted volume of $1 . 0 \mathrm { \ m L }$ each. MCM1 contains no analyte. The ThCG MCMs assigned values are lot specific of target values: 0.0, 5.00, 10.0, 25.0, 50.0, 100, 250, 500, 750, and $1 4 0 0 \mathrm { m l U / m L }$ .

5.Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below:

The ADVIA Centaur® Total hCG (ThCG) Master Curve Material is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur ThCG assay.

# Special Conditions fo Use Statement(s):

For prescription use only

# Special Instrument Requirements:

ADVIA Centaur® Systems A description of the ADVIA Centaur system is documented in K971418. Subsequent modifications to the instrument have been reviewed and cleared in K032525 and K041 133.

# 6Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the ADVIA Centaur ThCG MCM is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur ThCG MCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys HCG CalCheck 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ADVIA Centaur Total hCG(ThCG) MCM is for in vitrodiagnostic use in the verification ofcalibration and reportable range ofthe ADVIA Centaur ThCG assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys HCG CalCheck 5 is anassayed control for use in calibrationverification and for use in the verificationof the assay range established by theElecsys HCG+β reagent and ElecsysHCG STAT reagent on the indicatedElecsys and cobas e immunoassayanalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equine Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened - Stable when storedunopened at 28°C until the expirationdate on the vial label.Opened (Reconstituted) - Stablewhen stored at 28°C for 28 days; oron-board for 4 hours.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened  Stable at 2-8°C up to theexpiration date printed on the bottlelabels.Opened (Reconstituted)  Stable for4 hours at 2025°C.</td></tr></table>

# 7.Standard/Guidance Document References

The following recognized standard and guidance documents were used:

• CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents Guidance for Industry  Abbreviaed $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff  Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

# Test Principle

The MCMs are specifically intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur assays for use on the ADVIA Centaur systems. Customers may use MCMs for bi-annual calibration verification checks of the assay range and linearity in order to meet the requirements of hospital accreditation bodies.

# 9. Performance Characteristics

# 9.1 Analytical performance:

The following studies are not applicable for the purpose of this submission:

Precision/Reproducibility   
. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range   
√ Detection limit   
• Analytical Specificity   
• Assay cut-off Method Comparison Studies Clinical Studies (Sensitivity, Specificity. and cut-off)

# 9.2 Non-Clinical Performance Testing

# 9.2.1 Stability Studies

Stability studies were conducted to support the shelf life unopened and reconstituted material for the ADVIA Centaur ThCG MCMs to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance throughout the established shelf-life. The data supports the stability claims detailed in the ADVIA Centaur ThCG MCM Instructions for Use.

The following stability studies were performed for ADVIA Centaur ThCG MCM:

Real Time/Shelf Life (unopened) − In Use Open Vial (Reconstituted) On-Board

Real time shelf-life studies (unopened): Test ThCG MCMs were stored unopened at ${ 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } }$ and tested at $\scriptstyle \mathbf { T } = \mathbf { 0 }$ and at the following time points: 6 months, 12 months, and 15 months. Shelf life claims are based upon real time stability carried out one month after the duration claimed. Real time shelf-life stability studies of MCMs were determined by comparison of dose recoveries to the $\mathtt { T } \mathtt { = } 0$ dose recovery results. Acceptance criteria for the real-time stability study were met up to the 15 months' time point, which supports a shelf-life claim of 14 months. Unopened storage shelf-life is indicated by the expiration date on the vial label.

In-Use Open Vial (Reconstituted): Test ThCG MCMs were reconstituted, each level pooled, aliquotted and stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , tested in 5 replicates per level at $\mathrm { T } { = } 0$ , 7, 14, 21 28, and 29 days. Acceptance criteria for the open vial (reconstituted) stability study were met to the 29 days' time point, which supports the open vial claim of 28 days when properly stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

On-board Stability: Pooled aliquots of test ThCG MCMs in sample cups were stored on the ADVIA Centaur system and measured at time point $\mathrm { T } { = } 0$ , 2, 4 and 5 hours. Acceptance criteria for the on-board stability study were met up to 5 hours, which supports the on-board stability claim for 4 hours.

# Stability Acceptance Criteria

The stability specifications acceptance criteria for the ADVIA Centaur ThCG MCM are as follows:

• Real Time/Shelf life (Unopened): The dose recovery for MCM1 must be $\leq 2 . 0 \mathrm { \ m I U / m L }$ dose; MCM23, the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 80 to EY $120 \%$ ; MCM410, the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 85 to $1 1 5 \%$ calculated to Day 0 and/or no adverse trends. In-Use Open Vial (Reconstituted): The dose recovery for MCM1 must be $\leq 2 . 0 \ \mathrm { m U / m L }$ dose; MCM23, versus $\mathbf { - 8 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ MCM2-3 the average dose $\%$ EY dose recovery must be within 80 to $120 \%$ ;MCM410, versus ${ \bf - 8 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ EY MCM4—10 the average dose $\%$ dose recovery must be within 85 to $1 1 5 \%$ . On-Board: The dose recovery for MCM1 must be $\leq 2 . 0 \ \mathrm { m l U / m L }$ dose; MCM23, the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 80 to $120 \%$ ; MCM410, the $\%$ EPY dose recovery must be within $8 5 \%$ to $1 1 5 \%$ calculated to Time ${ \mathfrak { = } } 0$ .

# 9.2.2 Value Assignment

The ADVIA Centaur ThCG MCMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators and MCMs. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using hCG stock and are traceable to internal material which is standardized against World Health Organization (WHO) $4 ^ { \mathfrak { n } }$ IS 75/589 reference material. The MCMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

For each new ThCG MCM lot manufactured, MCM1 is run in 5 replicates on two separate runs using one reagent kit lot. A nested testing run protocol is used for MCM2MCM10 value assignment. This consists of running alternating samples of the reference and new MCM level in the same run. MCM2MCM10 were tested on 20 replicates in total, comprised of one run and four sample cups run in 5 replicates on one system and one reagent kit lot. This protocol is designed to remove system and run variation. The new MCM doses must fall within the final value assignment specification for ThCG MCMs. The MCMs dose values are generated using the two-point calibration. The new MCM dose is calculated based on the relationship between the observed reference MCM dose and its assigned value. A performance verification run consisting of 6 replicates of each MCM level is run using one instrument, one reagent kit lot and Bio-Rad controls. The mean MCM doses of the new MCM lot manufactured must fall within the customer range specifications.

The target for MCMl is assigned a 0.0 dose. The quality control specifications and final value assignment limits for ThCG MCM ensure that MCM1 measures at or below the ThCG assay sensitivity limit. MCM10 targeted greater than the assay range is diluted with the MCM1 to meet the reportable range of the assay.

# 9.2.3 Expected Values

The expected values are the lot-specific assigned values obtained at value assignment and the lot-specific assigned ranges are the lot-specific customer ranges are determined per $\%$ interval as below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr></table>

Lot-specific assigned values and ranges are provided in the ADVIA Centaur ThCG MCM lot-specific value sheet in the example provided in Table 2.

Table 2: Example Lot-specific ThCG MCM Target and Assigned Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Values(mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assigned Values(mIU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.82</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>557</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>791</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1393</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.0-1000 mIU/mL</td></tr></table>

# 9.2.4 Traceability

The ADVIA Centaur ThCG assay is standardized against the WHO $4 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ IS 75/589 reference material. Assigned values for calibrators and MCMs are traceable to this standardization. The ThCG MCMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 10. Proposed Labeling

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 11. Conclusion

The ADVIA Centaur ThCG Master Curve Material (MCM) is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Elecsys HCG CalCheck 5. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the ADVIA Centaur ThCG Maser Curve Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

# 510(k) Summary - ADVIA Centaur TSTO Master Curve Material

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information prod ufficnt detail onderstand he bas or deteriatinustantial equivl

The assigned 510(k) Number: k140505

# 1. Applicant Information Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue Tarrytown, NY 10591 USA

# Contact Person:

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

Fatima Pacheco   
Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist   
(914) 524-2450   
(914) 524-3579   
fatima.pacheco@siemens.com   
February 24, 2014

2.Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

ADVIA Centaur® Testosterone (TSTO) Master Curve Material Quality Control materials for ADVIA Centaur TSTO assay Master Curve Material (MCM) for ADVIA Centaur TSTO assay

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code:

Panel:

21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX  Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and   
Unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

Elecsys Testosterone CalCheck K970146

4Device Description:

ADVIA Centaur® TSTO Master Curve Materials is an in vitro diagnostic product containing various levels of testosterone spiked in lyophilized human plasma with sodium azide and preservatives. Each set contains seven lyophilized levels (MCM17); with a reconstituted volume of $1 . 0 ~ \mathrm { \ m L }$ each. MCM1 contains no analyte. The TSTO MCMs assigned values are lot specific of target values 0.00, 50.0, 100, 500, 750, 1000, and $1 6 0 0 { \mathrm { n g / d L } }$ .

CAUTION! POTENTIAL BIOHAZARD: ContainS human source material. While each human serum or plasma donor unit used in the manufacture of this product was tested by FDAapproved methods and found nonreactive for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg), antibody to hepatitis C (HCV), and antibody to HIV-1/2, all products manufactured using human source material should be handled as potentially infectious. Because no test method can offer complete assurance that hepatitis B or C viruses, HIV, or other infectious agents are absent, these products should be handled according to established good laboratory practices.

5Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below: The ADVIA Centaur® Testosterone (TSTO) Master Curve Material is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVlA Centaur Testosterone assay.

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s):

For prescription use only

Special Instrument Requirements:

ADVIA Centaur® Systems A description of the ADVIA Centaur system is documented in K971418. Subsequent modifications to the instrument have been reviewed and cleared in K032525 and K041 133.

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the ADVIA Centaur TSTO MCM is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur TSTO MCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Testosterone CalCheck</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ADVIA Centaur Testosterone(TSTO) MCM is for in vitrodiagnostic use in the verification ofcalibration and reportable range ofthe ADVIA Centaur TSTO assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in the verification of thecalibration established by the ElecsysTestosterone reagent on the indicatedElecsys and cobas e immunoassayanalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened  Stable when storedunopened at 28°C until the expirationdate on the vial label.Opened (Reconstituted) - Stablewhen stored at 28°C for 14 days; oron-board for 4 hours.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened - Stable at 28°C up to theexpiration date printed on the bottlelabels.Opened (Reconstituted) - Stable for4 hours at 1525°C.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Standard/Guidance Document References

The following recognized standard and guidance documents were used:

• CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents Guidance for Industry  Abbreviated $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff  Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

# 8.Test Principle

The MCMs are specifically intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur assays for use on the ADVIA Centaur systems. Customers may use MCMs for bi-annual calibration verification checks of the assay range and linearity in order to meet the requirements of hospital accreditation bodies.

# 9. Performance Characteristics

# 9.1 Analytical performance:

The following studies are not applicable for the purpose of this submission:

o Precision/Reproducibility   
. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range Detection limit Analytical Specificity   
• Assay cut-off Method Comparison Studies Clinical Studies (Sensitivity, Specificity, and cut-off)

# 9.2 Non-Clinical Performance Testing

# 9.2.1 Stability Studies

Stability studies were conducted to support the shelf life unopened and reconstituted material for the ADVIA Centaur TSTO MCMs to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance throughout the established shelf-life. The data supports the stability claims detailed in the ADVIA Centaur TSTO MCM Instructions for Use.

The following stability studies were performed for ADVIA Centaur TSTO MCM:

Real Time/Shelf Life (unopened) In Use Open Vial (reconstituted) On-Board

Real time shelf-life studies (unopened): Test TSTO MCMs were stored unopened at ${ \bf 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } C }$ and tested at ${ \mathrm { T } } { = } 0$ and at the following time points: 12 months, 18 months, and 21 months. Shelf life claims are based upon real time stability carried out one month after the duration claimed. Real time shelf-life stability studies of MCMs were determined by comparison of dose recoveries to the $\scriptstyle \mathbf { T } = 0$ dose u  l-b to the 21 months' time point, which supports a shelf-life claim of 20 months. Unopened storage shelf-life is indicated by expiration date on the vial label.

In use open vial (reconstituted) stored at ${ 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C } .$ Test TSTO MCMs were reconstituted, each level pooled, aliquotted and stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , tested in 5 replicates per level at $\scriptstyle \mathbf { T } = 0$ , 2, 4, 7, 8, 11, 14 and 15 days. Acceptance criteria for the open vial (reconstituted) stability study were met up to the 15 day time point, which supports the open vial claim of 14 days when stored at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

On-board Stability: Pooled aliquots of test TSTO MCMs in sample cups were stored on the ADVIA Centaur system and measured at time point ${ \mathrm { T } } = 0 .$ ,2, 4 and 5 hours. Acceptance criteria or the on-bard stability study were met up to 5hours, which supports the on-board stability claim for 4 hours.

# Stability Acceptance Criteria

The stability specifications acceptance criteria for the ADVIA Centaur TSTO MCM are as follows:

Real Time/Shelf life (Unopened): The dose recovery for MCM1 must be $\leq 1 0 . 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ dose; MCM23, the average $\%$ dose recovery must be within 75 to $12 5 \%$ ; MCM47, the average $\%$ dose recovery must be within 85 to $1 1 5 \%$ calculated to Day 0 and/or no adverse trends.   
In Use Open Vial (reconstituted): The dose recovery for MCM1 versus freshly reconstituted ${ \bf - 8 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ stored MCMI average dose must be $\leq 1 0 . 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ dose; for MCM23 versus freshly reconstituted $\left. - 8 0 ^ { \circ } C\right.$ stored MCM2-3 average dose, the average $\%$ dose recovery must be within 75 to $12 5 \%$ MCM4-7 versus freshly reconstitued ${ \bf - 8 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ stored MCM47 average dose, the average $\%$ dose recovery must be within 85 to $1 1 5 \%$ .   
On-Board: The dose recovery for MCM1 must be $\leq 1 0 . 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ dose; MCM2- 3, the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 75 to $12 5 \%$ ; MCM47, the $\%$ dose recovery must be within 85 to $1 1 5 \%$ calculated to Time $\mathord { \left. \downarrow \right.} 0 $ .

# 9.2.2 Value Assignment

The ADVIA Centaur TSTO MCMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators and MCMs. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using USP (United States Pharmacopeia) testosterone stock and are traceable to analytically prepared internal material which are traceable to gas-chromatography-mass spectroscopy (GCMS). The MCMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

For each new TSTO MCM lot manufactured, MCM1 is run in 5 replicates on two separate runs using one reagent kit lot. A nested testing run protocol is used for MCM2MCM7 value assignment. This consists of running alternating samples of the reference and new MCM level in the same run. MCM2MCM7 were tested on 20 replicates in total, comprised of one run and four sample cups run in 5 replicates on one system and one reagent kit lot. This protocol is designed to remove system and run variation. The new MCM doses must fall within the final value assignment specification for TSTO MCMs. The MCMs dose values are generated using the two-point calibration. The new MCM dose is calculated based on the relationship between the observed reference MCM dose and its assigned value. A performance verification run consisting of 6 replicates of each MCM level is run using one instrument, one reagent kit lot and Bio-Rad controls. The mean MCM doses of the new MCM lot manufactured must fall within the customer range specifications.

The target for MCMl is assigned a 0.0 dose. The quality control specifications and final value assignment limits for TSTO MCM ensure that MCM1 measures at or below the TSTO assay sensitivity limit. MCM7 targeted greater than the assay rang is dilued with the MCM1 to meet the reportablerange the asy.

# 9.2.3 Expected Values

The expected values are the lot-specific assigned values obtained at value assignment and the lot-specific assigned ranges are the lot-specific customer ranges as determined per $\%$ interval as below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr></table>

Lot-specific assigned values and ranges are provided in the ADVIA Centaur TSTO MCM lot-specific value sheet in the example provided in Table 2.

Table 2: Example Lot-specific TSTO MCM Target and Assigned Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Values(ng/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assigned Values(ng/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>557</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>807</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1004</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCM7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1575</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>10-1500 ng/dL (0.3552.1 nmol/L)</td></tr></table>

# 9.2.4 Traceability

The ADVIA Centaur TSTO assay is traceable to an internal standard manufactured analytically which is traceable to gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy (GC-MS). The following equation describes the relationship between the testosterone standards and GCMS analysis throughout the assay range.

ADVIA Centaur Testosterone $\dot { \mathbf { \eta } } = 1 . 0 0 \left( { \mathrm { G C M S } } \right) + 1 . 3 5 { \mathrm { n g } } / { \mathrm { d L } } , \mathbf { r } = 1 . 0 0$

Assigned values for calibrators and MCMs are traceable to this standardization. The TSTO MCMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 10. Proposed Labeling

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# 11. Conclusion

The ADVIA Centaur TSTO Master Curve Material (MCM) is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Elecsys Testosterone CalCheck. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the ADVIA Centaur TSTO Maser Curve Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

SIEMENS HEALTHCARE DIAGNOSTICS INC. FATIMA PACHECO   
511 BENEDICT AVENUE   
TARRYTOWN NY 10591-5097

Re: K140505 Trade/Device Name: ADVIA Centaur Vitamin B12 (VB12) Master Curve Material ADVIA Centaur® Total Hcg (ThCG) Master Curve Material ADVIA Centaur® Testosterone (TSTO) Master Curve Material Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: February 24, 2014 Received: February 27, 2014

Dear Ms. Pacheco:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations afecting your device can be found in theCode of Federal Regulations, Title 1,Parts 800 to 9. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Ms. Pacheco

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assisance at its tol-frec number (800) 638 2041or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet adress http:/wwv.da.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/dcfault.htm.Also, please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Par .    n a CFR Part 803). please go to   
hup://wwv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement on last page.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) k140505</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name VV asurvatatalCGas urata nasurv</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Indications for Use (Describe) reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur VB12 assay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">TVC reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur ThCG assay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">reportable range of the ADVlA Centaur Testosterone assay.</td></tr></table>

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

The burden tmeorhis collection inomation is stmated toaverag7hours per eponse, icudi e time to review instructions, search existing dat sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect o this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."