# Applicant

BD Diagnostic Systems 7 Loveton Circle Sparks, MD 21152

# Establishment Registration No. 1119779

# Contact Person

Sherma Winston, M.S., RAC tel. 410-316-4145 fax. 410-316-4188 sherma_winston@bd.com

# Summary Date

May 15, 2014

Proprietary Name Common Name Classification Classification Name Regulation Number Product Code

BD ViperTM LT System   
BD Viper LT   
Class II   
Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems   
862.2570   
001

Predicate Devices

BD ViperTM System (K081825)

# Device Description

The BD Viper LT System is a table-top instrument that is designed to be fully contained on a standard laboratory bench-top. The system performs automated extraction of nucleic acids from multiple specimen types in addition to amplification and detection of target nucleic acid sequences when utilized with legally marketed in vitro diagnostic assays.

# Intended Use

The BD Viper LT System is intended for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use in clinical laboratories to perform automated extraction of nucleic acids from multiple specimen types, amplification of target nucleic acid sequences by Strand Displacement Amplification (SDA) and detection of amplified nucleic acid using a two color fluorescence detection system. The BD Viper LT is for use only with in vitro diagnostic tests labeled for use on the system.

A comparison of the BD Viper LT System with the predicate BD Viper System is summarized below.

# 510(k) Summary

# BD ViperTM LT System

# Table 1 Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Viper System(K081825)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>          BD Viper LT System(K140447)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD Viper System, whenused with the BD ProbeTecamplified nucleic assay(s), isintended for the in vitrodetection of targetedorganisms from specimens asidentified in the assay-specificreagent package insert(s).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD Viper LT System is intended for invitro diagnostic (IVD) use in clinicallaboratories to perform automatedextraction of nucleic acids from multiplespecimen types, amplification of targetnucleic acid sequences by StrandDisplacement Amplification (SDA), anddetection of amplified nucleic acids using atwo color fluorescence detection system.The BD Viper LT is for in vitro diagnosticuse only with tests labeled for use on thesystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strand DisplacementAmplification (SDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strand Displacement Amplification (SDA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td></tr></table>

# Instrument Specifications

Internal studies were conducted to validate the instrument specifications presented in Tables 2-3.

# 510(k) Summary

# BD Viper™M LT System

Table 2 Thermal Specifications   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pre-warm heater fluid temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100°c &gt;=9 min. not to exceed 115°c &gt; 8 min</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Priming heater fluid temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70°c ±2.0°c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification heater fluid temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5°c ± 1.0°c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temperature Accuracy: ±0.75°c; Temperature Uniformity: ±0.75°c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>niformity: t0.75c</td></tr></table>

Table 3 Optical Specifications   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WaveLength</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Set 1 (Green Channel)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Set 2 (Orange Channel)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excitation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>460-480 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>575-597 nm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emission</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>505-515 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>610-630 nm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Maximum optical crosstalk ≤ 0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Set 1: Fluorescent dyes detected in this channel include: FAMSet 2: Fluorescent dyes detected in this channel include: ROX</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance Characteristics

Clinical utility of the BD Viper LT System was assessed during clearance of the BD ProbeTec GCQ Amplified DNA Assay as presented in a separate premarket submission (K140448).

# Conclusions

The submitted information for the BD Viper LT System supports the determination of substantial equivalence in accordance with the intended use as stated in the product labeling.

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY   
SHERMA WINSTON, M.S.   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS PROJECT MANAGER 7 LOVETON CIRCLE   
SPARKS MD 21152

Re: K140447 Trade/Device Name: BD Viper LT System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.2570 Regulation Name: Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems Regulatory Class: II Product Code: 001 Dated: February 20, 2014 Received: February 21, 2014

Dear Ms. Winston:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050. :

Page 2—Ms. Winston

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intermet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K140447

Device Name BD Viper™ LT System

Indications for Use (Describe) The pT Sst  vioiaos IVDu  cnal bot  pero exn ulteecnypliatntucqun Displacement pliicatin A)and detection plid nucleicid usa to color uoescece dn system. The BD Viper Tis or use only with n vitro diagnostic tests labeled or use on the sstem.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden meorhis collection  infoation is etiated overageours per esponse, incude time to review instructions, search existing dat sources, gather and maintain he data needed and complee and review the collection  information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."