ABBOTT DIABETES CARE, INC.   
MICHELLE RICAFORT   
SENIOR REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST 1360 SOUTH LOOP ROAD   
ALAMEDA CA 94502

Re: K140371 Trade/Device Name: FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, LFR Dated: September 19, 2014 Received: September 22, 2014

Dear Ms. Michelle Ricafort:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k140371

Device Name FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe) The FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Monitoring System is for use outside the body only (in vitro diagnostic use) in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh whole blood for self-testing by lay users from the fingers. It is not intended to be used for testing neonatal blood samples or the diagnosis or screening of diabetes.

The FreeStyle Precision Neo System is indicated for home (lay user) in the management of patients with diabetes. It is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

According to the requirements per 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2 $ , the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Company:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Laboratories</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Division:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Diabetes Care, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Street Address:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1360 South Loop Road</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>City, State Zip:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alameda, CA 94502</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Telephone No:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510-749-5400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fax No:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510-864-4791</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Michelle RicafortTel No. 510-749-5250Fax No. 510-864-4791michelle.ricafort@abbott.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Dehydrogenase, Glucose, Class II (21 CFR§ 862.1345)Product codes: NBW,LFR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReliOn Ultima Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k083223)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legal Manufacturer:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment:Abbott Diabetes Care Ltd.Range RoadWitney, OxonOX29 OYL, UK</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U.S. Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment:Abbott Diabetes Care Inc.1360 South Loop RoadAlameda, CA 94502</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use:

The FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Monitoring System is for use outside the body only (in vitro diagnostic use) in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh whole blood for self-testing by lay users from the fingers. It is not intended to be used for testing neonatal blood samples or the diagnosis or screening of diabetes.

The FreeStyle Precision Neo System is indicated for home (lay user) in the management of patients with diabetes. It is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

# Description of the Device:

The FreeStyle Precision Neo Meter is for the quantitative measurement of glucose in capillary whole blood samples. The FreeStyle Precision Neo Meter, in conjunction with the FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Test Strips, works on the principal of amperometric technology, measuring glucose by its reaction with Glucose Dehydrogenase (GDH) in blood samples or control solutions through electrical mediation.

The FreeStyle Precision Neo System is compatible with the following components and accessories:

 FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Test Strips (available separately)   
 MediSense Glucose and Ketone Control Solutions (available separately)   
 USB Cable (available separately)   
 FreeStyle Lancing Device II   
 Thin Lancets

# Principles of Operation:

The FreeStyle Precision Neo Meter (in conjunction with blood glucose test strips) utilizes amperometric technology to quantitatively measure the glucose concentration in capillary whole blood samples from the fingertip and in MediSense Glucose & Ketone Control Solutions.

The FreeStyle Precision Neo Meter measures glucose electrically. The glucose biosensor is capable of recognising the glucose present in whole blood or control solutions by virtue of the glucose specificity of the enzyme GDH present on the glucose test strip. The electrons liberated by this reaction are transferred via a co-factor and mediator to the meter where they are read as a small electrical current. The size of the current is directly proportional to the level of the glucose in the applied sample.

The apply blood symbol is displayed for the user to apply blood to the test strip until the meter begins the test. The meter detects trigger current from the test strip when enough blood has covered the strip electrodes and the test countdown will start. When the countdown is complete a test result is displayed on the meter screen. The unit of measure displayed on the meter screen is fixed in $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ and cannot be modified by the user.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate, which was cleared by the Agency on April 16, 2009, to market under k083223: ReliOn Ultima Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The results obtained from performance studies and clinical studies demonstrate that the FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Monitoring System is safe and effective for its intended use and technological characteristics, and therefore, substantially equivalent to the predicate device (k083223).

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

The similarities and differences between the FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose Monitoring System and the predicate (k083223) are highlighted in the table below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PRODUCT NAME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Precision NeoBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReliOn Ultima Blood GlucoseMonitoring System (k083223)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTICS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FundamentalTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FreeStyle Precision NeoSystem, in conjunction withblood glucose test strips,utilizes amperometrictechnology to quantitativelymeasure the glucoseconcentration in whole bloodsamples.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principles of Operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose OperatingRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemistry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GDH-NAD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Sample volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6 microliters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Assay Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding (Calibration)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No coding required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50° - 122°F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Humidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% - 90%, non-condensing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CR 2032 lithium (coin cell)batteries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000 events</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450 events</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buttons</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch Press-Button</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Keypad</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FreeStyle Precision NeoBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem is for use outside thebody only (in vitrodiagnostic use) in thequantitative measurement ofglucose in fresh whole bloodfor self-testing by lay usersfrom the fingers. It is notintended to be used fortesting neonatal bloodsamples or the diagnosis orscreening of diabetes.The FreeStyle Precision NeoSystem is indicated for home(lay user) in the managementof patients with diabetes. It isintended to be used by a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ReliOn Ultima BloodGlucose Monitoring System isintended for in vitro diagnosticuse in the quantitativemeasurement of glucose infresh whole blood for self-testing by lay users (e.g., fromthe finger, forearm, upper armor base of thumb), or by healthcare professionals. It is notintended to be used for testingneonatal blood samples.The ReliOn Ultima system isindicated for home (lay user) orprofessional use in themanagement of patients withdiabetes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTICS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">canmaGllowb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">single person and should notbe shared.The FreeStyle Precision NeoBlood Glucose Test Stripsare for use with the FreeStylePrecision Neo BloodGlucose Meter toquantitatively measureglucose (sugar) in freshcapillary whole bloodsamples drawn from thefingertips.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product ClassificationCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NBW, LFR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NBW, LFR, JJX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh capillary whole bloodfrom the finger</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Finger, forearm, upper arm orbase of thumb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible Test Strips</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Precision NeoBlood Glucose Test Strips</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReliOn Ultima Blood GlucoseTest Strips</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose HematocritRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15-65%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30-60%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Altitude</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000 feet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7,200 feet</td></tr></table>