# 510(k) Summary

# Liquichek Immunology Control

# 1.0 Submitter

Bio-Rad Laboratories 9500 Jeronimo Road, Irvine, California 92618-2017 Telephone: (949) 598-1200 Fax: (949) 598-1557

# Contact Person

Suzanne Parsons RA/QA Supervisor Telephone: (949) 598-1467

# Date of Summary Preparation

March $2 5 ^ { 1 1 }$ ,2014

# 2.0 Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Common Name: Classifications: Product Code: Regulation Number:

Liquichek Immunology Control   
Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (Assayed)   
Class I, Reserved   
JJY   
21 CFR 862.1660

# 3.0 Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Liquichek Immunology Control Bio-Rad Laboratories Predicate 510(k) Number: K022991

# 4.0 Description of Device

Liquichek Immunology Control is prepared from defibrinated human plasma with added serum proteins, stabilizers and preservatives. This product is provided in liquid form for convenience.

Each human donor unit used to manufacture this control was tested by FDA accepted methods and found non-reactive for Hepatitis B Surface Antigen (HBsAg), antibody to Hepatitis C (HCV) and antibody to HIV-1/HIV-2.

# 5.0 Value Assignment

The mean values and corresponding ±3SD ranges in the Assignment of Values Data Charts (available separately) were derived from replicate analyses and are specific for this lot of product. Data from Unity™ Interlaboratory Program are included in the determination of some ranges. The tests listed were performed by the manufacturer and/or independent laboratories using manufacturer supported reagents. and a representative sampling of this lot of product. It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own acceptable ranges and use those provided only as guides. Laboratory established ranges may vary from those listed during the life of this control. Variations over time and between laboratories may be caused by differences in laboratory technique, instrumentation and reagents, or by manufacturer test method modifications.

# 6.0 Intended Use

Liquichek Immunology Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in this package insert.

# 7.0 Comparison of the new device with the Predicate Device

Liquichek Immunology Control claims substantial equivalence to Liquichek Immunology Control (K022991). Table 1 (below) contains comparison information of similarities and differences between the new and predicate device to which substantial equivalence is claimed.

Table 1. Similarities and Differences between new and predicate device.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 2: Comparison between the predicate and new Liquichek Immunology Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Immunology Control (K022991)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Immunology Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Immunology Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Immunology Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Immunology Control is intended for use as anassayed quality control serum to monitor the precisionof laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listedin this package insert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Immunology Control is intended for use as anassayed quality control serum to monitor the precision oflaboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in thispackage insert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Base Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Defibrinated Human Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Defibrinated Human Plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Thawed andOpened Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>30 days at 2 to 8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>30 days at 2 to 8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Except</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-2-Microglobulin: 21 days at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Except</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-2-Microglobulin: 21 days at 2 to 8C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor: 5 days at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor: 10 days at 2 to 8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-20 to -70°C until expiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-20 to -70°C until expiration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Thawed andUnopened Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All analytes: 90 days at 2 to 8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All analytes: 45 days at 2 to 8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Except</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor: 25 days at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Except</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-2-Microglobulin: 40 days at 2 to 8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor: 10 days at 2 to 8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ContainsADNase B               IgG Subclass 1Albumin                 IgG Subclass 2Alpha 1-Antitrypsin         IgG Subclass 3Alpha 2-Macroglobulin      IgG Subclass 4Alpha-1·Acid Glycoprotein   Immunoglobulin AAntistreptolysin-O          Immunoglobulin EAntithrombin III (AT II)      Immunoglobulin GApolipoprotein A-I         Immunoglobulin MApolipoprotein B          Kappa Light ChainBeta-2-Microglobulin       Lambda Light ChainC1 Inhibitor              Lipoprotein (a)Ceruloplasmin            PrealbuminComplement C3           Properdin Factor BComplement C4           Protein Serum (Total)C-Reactive Protein (CRP)    Retinol Binding ProteinC-Reactive Protein (hsCRP)  Rheumatoid FactorCystatin C               Soluble Transferrin ReceptorFerritin                  Total Hemolytic ComplementHaptoglobin              TransferrinHemopexin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>ContainsADNase B                 HemopexinAlbumin                    IgG Subclass 1Alpha 1-Antitrypsin           IgG Subclass 2Alpha 2-Macroglobulin        igG Subclass 3Alpha-1·Acid Glycoprotein     IgG Subdass 4Anti-CCP                   Immunoglobulin AAntistreptolysin-0            Immunoglobulin EAntithrombin III (AT II)        Immunoglobulin GApolipoprotein A-I            Immunoglobulin MApolipoprotein B             Kappa Light ChainBeta-2-Microglobulin          Lambda Light ChainC1 Inhibitor                 Lipoprotein (a)Ceruloplasmin               PrealbuminComplement C3             Properdin Factor BComplement C4             Protein Serum (Total)C-Reactive Protein (CRP)      Retinol Binding ProteinC-Reactive Protein (hsCRP)    Rheumatoid FactorCystatin C                  Soluble Transferrin ReceptorFerritin                    Total Hemolytic ComplementHaptoglobin                 Transferrin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Does not contain:Anti-CCP</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Statement of Supporting Data

Real time stability studies were performed to establish Thawed and Opened and Thawed and unopened stability claims. Accelerated stability studies were performed for establishing the shelf life stability. The stabilities for Liquichek Immunology Control are as follows

Thawed and Opened Stability Beta-2-Microglobulin: 21 days at 2 to $\mathtt { 8 } \mathtt { \circ } _ { \mathbb { C } }$ E Rheumatoid Factor: 10 days at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } C$ All other analytes: 30 days at 2 to $8 \%$   
Thawed and Unopened Stability Beta-2-Microglobulin: 40 days at 2 to $8 \%$ Rheumatoid Factor: 10 days at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } C$ All other analytes: 45 days at 2 to ${ \mathfrak { s } } ^ { \circ } { \mathfrak { C } }$   
Shelf Life stability: 24 months at -20 to $- 7 0 \circ _ { C }$ EY

# 9.0 Conclusion

Based on the performance characteristics indicated above, Liquichek Immunology Control is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (K022991).

All supporting data is retained on file at Bio-Rad Laboratories.

April 25, 2014

BIO-RAD LABORATORIES   
SUZANNE S. PARSONS   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANAGER   
9500 JERONIMO ROAD   
IRVINE CA 92618

Re: K140764 Trade/Device Name: Liquicheck Immunology Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862. 1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJY Dated: March 25, 2014 Received: March 27, 2014

Dear Ms. Parsons:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2-Ms. Parsons

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Elizabeth A. Stafford -S

for Maria M. Chan, Ph.D. Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

Device Name Liquichek Immunology Control

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

Elizabeth A. Stafford -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time orhs olectionnformation is tated toaveragehours per resons includ time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."