# 510(k) Summary Liquichek Cardiac Troponins Control

# 1.0 Submitter

Bio-Rad Laboratories 9500 Jeronimo Road, Irvine, California 92618-2017 Telephone: (949) 598-1200 Fax: (949) 598-1557

# Contact Person

Suzanne Parsons Regulatory Affairs Manager Telephone: (949) 598-1467

# Date of Summary Preparation

May 2, 2014

# 2.0 Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Common Name: Review Panel: Classifications: Product Code: Regulation Number

Liquichek Cardiac Troponins Control   
Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (Assayed)   
Clinical Chemistry and Clinical Toxicology Devices   
Class I, Reserved   
JJY   
21 CFR 862.1660

# 3.0 Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control   
Bio-Rad Laboratories   
Irvine, California

510 (k) Number: K050537

# 4.0 Description of Device

Liquichek Cardiac Troponins Control is a trilevel liquid control prepared from human protein with added constituents of human and animal origin, stabilizers and preservatives. Liquichek Cardiac Tropnis Control s ntended for se as n assayed qualiy conol monitor the precision of Troponin I and Troponin T in laboratory testing procedures.

The human source material used to manufacture this control was tested by FDA accepted methods and found non-reactive for Hepatitis B Surface Antigen (HBsAg). antibody to Hepatitis C (HCV) and antibody to HIV-1/HIV-2.

# 5.0 Value Assignment

The mean values and the corresponding $\pm 3 5 0$ ranges printed in this insert were derived from multiple replicate analyses that meet acceptance criteria and are specific for the lot of product. The tests listed were performed by the manufacturer and/or independent laboratories using manufacturer supported reagents and a representative sampling of the lot of product. It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own acceptable ranges and use those provided only as guides. Laboratory established ranges may vary from those listed during the life of this control. Variations over time and between laboratories may be caused by differences in laboratory technique, instrumentation and reagents, or by manufacturer test method modifications.

# 6.0 Intended use

Liquichek Cardiac Troponins Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in this package insert.

# 7.0 Comparison of the new device with the Predicate Device

The new Liquichek Cardiac Troponins Control claims substantial equivalence to the Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control currently in commercial distribution (K050537). Table 1 (below) contains comparison information of similarities and differences between the new and predicate device to which substantial equivalence is claimed.

Table 1: Similarities and Differences between new and predicate device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad Liquichek Cardiac Troponins Control(New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT(Predicate Device, K050537)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This product is intended for use as an assayed qualitycontrol serum to monitor the precision of laboratorytesting procedures for the analytes listed in thepackage insert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This product is intended for use as a quality control serumto monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedureslisted in the package insert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aliquot Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days at -20 to -70 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days at -20 to -70 °C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 days at 2 - 8 °</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.20 days at 2 - 8 °C with the following exceptions:NT-proBNP: 15 daysTroponin 1: 10 daysBNP: 8 daysTroponin T: 4 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At -20 to -70 °C until the expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At -20 to -70 °C until the expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contains:Troponin ITroponin T</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Contains:Troponin ITroponin TCK TotalCK-MB IsoenzymeDigitoxinHomocysteineCRPMyoglobinNT-proBNPBNP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Does not contain:CK TotalCK-MB IsoenzymeDigitoxinHomocysteineCRPMyoglobinNT-proBNPBNP</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Statement of Supporting Data

Real-time stability studies were conducted to establish the thawed, opened and frozen Aliquot stability claims. Accelerated stability studies were conducted to establish the sabily aAcctari wt  r  poc cais follows:

Thawed and Opened Stability: Frozen Aliquot Stability Studies: Shelf Life Stability:

25 days at 2 to $8 \%$ EMP   
30 days at $\angle 0 ^ { \circ } \mathbb { C }$ to $. 7 0 \bullet \mathbb { C }$   
18 months at $\ - 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ to $\boldsymbol { \mathbf { \ell } } _ { \boldsymbol { \mathbf { \ell } } } \boldsymbol { \mathbf { \ell } } _ { \boldsymbol { \mathbf { \ell } } } \boldsymbol { \mathbf { \ell } } _ { \boldsymbol { \mathbf { \ell } } } \boldsymbol { \mathbf { \ell } } _ { \boldsymbol { \mathbf { \ell } } } $

# 9.0 Conclusion

Based on the performance characteristics indicated above, the Bio-Rad Liquichek Cardiac Troponins Control is substantially equivalent to the predicate device K050537.

All supporting data is retained on file at Bio-Rad Laboratories.

May 6, 2014

# BIO-RAD LABORATORIES MS SUZANNE PARSONS 9500 JERONIMO RD. IRVINE CA 92618-2017

Re: K140916 Trade/Device Name: Liquichek Cardiac Troponins Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862. 1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJY Dated: April 08, 2014 Received: April 10, 2014

Dear Ms. Suzanne Parsons:

We have reviewed your Section $\pmb { \mathsf { S } } \pmb { \mathsf { I } } \pmb { \mathsf { O } } ( \pmb { \mathsf { k } } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for thc indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the cnactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassificd in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH docs not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your c'cvice can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requiremcnts of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 80i and 809). please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Lducation at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internel address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, plcase-note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go 10   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.hum for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Survcillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education al its toll-frce number (800) 638-204 1 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internel address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Officc of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
C'enter for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k140916

Device Name Liquichek Cardiac Troponins Control

Lqr   u laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in this package insert.

- Troponin I - Troponin T

# Concuroncs of Conter for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) (Signature)

# Ruth A. Chesler -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# 'DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

The burden tmeor hiscollection nomationis tmated toverage7hours per esponse, icludi time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complet and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other asped of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAS!aff@lda.hhs.gov

'An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a cciicction of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."