# 510(k) Summary

# ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set

Date: Submitter:

March 11, 2014 Tosoh Bioscience, Inc 3600 Gantz Road Grove City, OH 43123

Contact Person:

Robert L. Wick   
Regulatory Specialist   
6000 Shoreline Ct., Ste. 101   
South San Francisco, CA 94080   
Phone: 650-636-8117   
Fax: 650-636-8121   
Email: Robert.Wick@Tosoh.com

Device Name: Classification:

ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set   
Class II   
JIT   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 862.1150

# Predicate Device:

K951848   
Tosoh Bioscience, Inc. (previously known as   
Tosoh Medics, Inc.)   
ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide (Calibrator Set)

# 510(k) Summary

# ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficn detail tonderstand the bass or a determination  ubstantial equivalence.

# Device Description:

2 x 1 mL   
ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator (1) 0 ng/mL   
Protein matrix containing no detectable concentration of C-peptide with sodium azide as a preservative (Liquid). 2 x 1 mL   
ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator (2) 0.5 ng/mL (approx.) ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator (3) 2 ng/mL (approx.) ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator (4) 6 ng/mL (approx.) ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator (5) 15 ng/mL (approx.) ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator (6) 33 ng/mL (approx.) Protein matrix containing the assigned concentration of C-peptide (described on each vial) (Lyophilized).

ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set

P/N # 025383

The ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set is designed specifically for use on the Tosoh AlA System Analyzers which have been previously cleared as a family of instruments under K971103. Only materials obtained from Tosoh should be used. Materials obtained elsewhere should not be substituted since assay performance is characterized based strictly on Tosoh materials.

The ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set is designed for use with ST AIA-PACK CPeptide II, ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide Sample Diluting Solution, AIA-PACK C-Peptide Controi Set.

# Device Intended Use:

The ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set is intended for In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only for the calibration of the ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II assay.

# Substantial Equivalence:

# Comparison between the Tosoh ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set and the Tosoh ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide Calibrator Set

# Similarities

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tosoh AIA-PACK C-Peptide IICalibrator Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateTosoh AIA-PACK C-PeptideCalibrator Set (K951848)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide IICalibrator Set is intended for In VitroDiagnostic Use Only for thecalibration of the ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The AIA-PACK C-Peptide CalibratorSet is intended for In VitroDiagnostic Use Only for thecalibration of the ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide Assays.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-Peptide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-Peptide</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tosoh AIA Systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tosoh AIA Systems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Six(0, 0.5, 2, 6, 15, 33ng/mL approximately)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Six(0, 0.5, 2.0, 6.0, 15.0, 30ng/mL approximately)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LyophilizedSix bottles, one foreach of the six calibratorlevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LyophilizedSix bottles, one foreach of the six calibratorlevels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store upright and refrigerate at2 to 8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store upright and refrigerate at2 to 8C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability(unopened vial)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable until the expiration datestated on the label when stored at2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable until the expiration datestated on the label when stored at2 -8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 months when stored unopenedand refrigerated at 2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 months when stored unopenedand refrigerated at 2-8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable up to 90 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable up to 90 days</td></tr></table>

# Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tosoh AIA-PACK C-Peptide IICalibrator Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateTosoh AIA-PACK C-PeptideCalibrator Set (K951848)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Base</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contains sucrose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Does not contain sucrose</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability(opened vial)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vial is stable at 2 - 8°C for1 day after initial use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vial is stable at 2 - 8°C for7 days after initial use</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Traceability

The ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set contains assigned concentrations of Cpeptide. The assigned value is determined on a lot-by-lot basis and is designed to provide an assay calibration range of 0.02 to 30 ng/mL of C-peptide. The calibrators in this set have been standardized against WHO $1 ^ { \mathfrak { s t } }$ IRP 84/510.

# Summary of Stability Studies

Three different lots of ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set were used as samples for the shelf life stability study. Each specimen was assayed in 5 replicates and the mean and $0 V \%$ were calculated. The study was initiated within one month from manufacture the evaluated reagents, then assayed at 3, 6, 9, 12 and 13 months after the day of the first assay. The criterion for recovery was within $1 0 0 + 1 - 1 0 \%$ .The criterion for reproducibility $( C V \% )$ was $< / = ~ 1 0 \%$ . The recovery was within $1 0 0 + / - 1 0 \%$ and the reproducibility $( C V \% )$ was $< 1 = 1 0 \%$ at 13 months, the shelf life of the ST AIA-PACK CPeptide II Calibrator Set was set at 12 months at $2 . 8 ^ { \circ } \complement$ from the date of manufacturing.

The in use stability study for the ST AlA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set was conducted at one site using one AlA-2000 analyzer and a single lot of calibrator. Three sets of calibrator material were opened and reconstituted at day 0, day 1 and day 2 before the measurement. The reconstituted calibrator vials were sealed and refrigerated for 1 day and 2 days. Urine, serum and EDTA plasma specimens were chosen for this study. Specimen aliquots were stored at less than - $70 ^ { \circ } \subset$ Each specimen was assayed in 5 replicates. The criterion for recovery was 100 $+ 1 .$ b $10 \%$ . The criterion for reproducibility $( \% 0 M )$ was $< / = 1 0 \%$ . Since the recovery and the reproducibility meet the acceptance criteria for 2 days at refrigerator temperature, the in use stability of the ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set after reconstitution, was set as 1 day (24 hours).

When stored unopened and refrigerated at $2 . 8 \textdegree$ , the Calibrator Set is stable until the expiration date on the label. The calibrators should be used within 1 day of opening or reconstituting, provided the vials are kept tightly sealed and refrigerated at $2 . 8 \textdegree$ .

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

# Summary of Value Assignment

The primary reference material was prepared by diluting the C-peptide with calibrator base and its value of C-peptide as reference material was assigned based on CPeptide of Human Insulin, International Reference Reagent using ST AIA-PACK CPeptide II. The value of the secondary reference material was assigned using the AlA instruments with the primary reference material as calibrator. The value was verified by comparing measured results with those obtained with the previous lot for patient samples. The values of the product calibrator were assigned using the Tosoh AlA instruments with the secondary reference material as calibrator. The values were verified by comparing measured results with those obtained with the previous lot for control materials.

# Conclusion:

The Tosoh Bioscience, Inc. ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set is substantially equivalent to the Tosoh Bioscience, Inc. ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide Calibrator Set k951848 for In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only for the calibration of the ST AIA-PACK CPeptide II assay.

TOSOH BIOSCIENCE, INC.   
C/O ROBERT L. WICK   
6000 SHORELINE COURT   
SUITE 101   
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO CA 94080

Re: k140648 Trade/Device Name: ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II Calibrator Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1 150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIT Dated: March 11, 2014 Received: March 13, 2014

Dear Mr. Wick:

We have reviewed your Section $\$ 10(1$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 1, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internct address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also. please note the regulation entiled, "Misbranding by referencc to premarket notification" (21CFR Par .9For questins reardig the eorting  ve events under the DR eulatin 21 CFR Part 803). plcase go to   
htp://wwwv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internct address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourccsforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td colspan="2">DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement on last page.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Indications for Use 510(k) Number (if known) k140648</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Device Name ST AIA-PACK C-Peptide II CALIBRATOR SET</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Indications forI</td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

# C C-Peptide II assay.

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time forhiscollection  information isestimated oaveragehours per eponse, include time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."