September 16, 2014

BECKMAN COULTER, INC.   
NANETTE CANEPA   
STAFF REGULATORY AFFAIRS   
250 S. KRAEMER BLVD., MAIL CODE E1.SE.01 BREA CA 92821

Re: K140496 Trade/Device Name: Access Vitamin B12 Assay Access Ferritin Assay Access Folate Assay Access HYPERsensitive hTSH Assay Power Express Sample Processing System Generic Connection Module Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1810 Regulation Name: Vitamin B12 test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CDD, DBF, CGN, JLW, JJE Dated: August 14, 2014 Received: August 18, 2014

Dear Ms. Canepa:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k140496

Device Name Power Express Sample Processing System with Generic Connection Module and Access Immunoassay System Reagents

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The basic Power Express is an automated sample handling system which processes sample tubes from the precentrifugation, pre-sorting step to presentation of centrifuged and decapped samples into Generic or Personality Racks for specific instruments. The Power Express can be configured with optional software and hardware to allow processing of sample tubes on Generic Connection Instruments. The Power Express performs all pre-analytical sample tube preparation, and then sorts the sample tubes directly to Generic Connection Modules where the samples are pipetted by the Generic Connection instrument for testing. After the samples are pipetted, the tubes can route to other instruments for additional testing or to Outlet Racks.

The UniCel DxI 800 Access Immunoassay System with laboratory automation connection is a microcomputer-controlled, random and continuous access analyzer that includes an external computer. This computer stores the system user interface (UI) software and allows the operator to interface with and direct the instrument software. The UniCel DxI 800 System uses enzyme immunoassays (utilizing paramagnetic particle solid phase and chemiluminescent detection) for determination of various analytes, such as Vitamin B12, Ferritin, Folate and hTSH along with other various enzyme immunoassays assays that may be adaptable to the analyzer depending on the reagent used to induce the enzyme immunoassay reaction. The UniCel DxI 800 System is an in vitro diagnostic device for use in the clinical laboratory.

The Access Ferritin assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent assay for the quantitative determination of ferritin levels in human serum and plasma (heparin) using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Measurements of ferritin aid in the diagnosis of diseases affecting iron metabolism.

The Access Folate assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of folic acid levels in human serum, plasma (heparin) and red blood cells using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Folic acid measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of megaloblastic anemia.

The Access HYPER sensitive hTSH assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent assay for the quantitative determination of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (thyrotropin, hTSH) levels in human serum using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Measurements of thyroid stimulating hormone produced by the anterior pituitary are used in the diagnosis of thyroid or pituitary disorders.

The Access Vitamin B12 assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent assay for the quantitative determination of vitamin B12 in human serum and plasma (heparin) using Access Immunoassay Systems. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of anemias of gastrointestinal malabsorption.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary Power Express

# 1.0 Submitted By:

Nanette Canepa   
Staff Regulatory Affairs   
Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
250 S. Kraemer Blvd., Mail Code E1.SE.01 Brea, California 92821   
Telephone: (714) 961-3136   
FAX: (714) 961-4234

# 2.0 Date Submitted:

September 12, 2014

# 3.0 Device Name(s):

# 3.1 Proprietary Name

Access Vitamin B12 Assay   
Access Ferritin Assay   
Access Folate Assay   
Access HYPERsensitive hTSH Assay   
Power Express Sample Processing System Generic Connection Module   
and Access Immunoassay System Reagents

# 3.2 Common Name

Access Vitamin B12 Assay   
Access Ferritin Assay   
Access Folate Assay   
Access HYPERsensitive hTSH Assay   
Laboratory Automation System

# 3.3 Classification Name

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceClass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReviewPanel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin B12 test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1810</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin immunological testsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.5340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DBF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Folic acid test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ⅱ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thyroid stimulating hormonetest system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1690</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JLW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrete photometric chemistryanalyzer for clinical use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.2160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr></table>

# 4.0 Predicate Device:

The Power Express claims substantial equivalence to the Power Processor Sample Processing System with Generic Connection Module V5.0 currently in commercial distribution, FDA 510(k) Number K110413.

<table><tr><td>Candidate(s)</td><td>Predicate</td><td>Manufacturer</td><td>Docket Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Power Express</td><td>Power Processor Sample Processing System with Generic Connection Module V5.0</td><td>Beckman Coulter, Inc.</td><td rowspan="2">K110413</td></tr><tr><td>Access Ferritin Assay Access Folate Assay</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Access HYPERsensitive hTSH Assay</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Access Vitamin B12 Assay</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# 5.0 Description:

The Power Express is Beckman Coulter’s Power Processor Sample Processing System with the modifications noted in this premarket submission. The Power Express and the Power Processor Sample Processing System are scalable laboratory automation systems (LAS) designed to streamline peri-analytical processes in the clinical laboratory.

The Power Express is an automated sample handling system which processes sample tubes from the pre-centrifugation, pre-sorting steps to presentation of centrifuged and decapped samples into racks for chemistry, immunoassay, hematology, and coagulation systems. The Power Express is designed to free laboratory personnel from biohazard exposure and routine sample preparation.

The Power Express software can be configured with optional hardware to allow processing of sample tubes on physically connected analyzers using common communication protocols (Generic Connection Instruments). The Power Express performs pre-analytical sample tube preparation then sorts the sample tubes directly to the optional hardware interface between the LAS and analyzer (Generic Connection Module) where the samples are pipetted by the analyzer for testing. After the samples are pipetted, the tubes can be routed to other instruments for additional testing or to Outlet Racks.

A basic Power Express System is comprised of a Line Control Computer, a system console with Cennexus software, Inlet Module, Centrifugation Module, Decapper Module, track transport system and Outlet Module. Additional modules may be added for aliquot capability, sample capping, and ambient or refrigerated storage.

# 6.0 Indications for Use:

The basic Power Express is an automated sample handling system which processes sample tubes from the pre-centrifugation, pre-sorting step to presentation of centrifuged and decapped samples into Generic or Personality Racks for specific instruments. The Power Express can be configured with optional hardware to allow processing of sample tubes on Generic Connection Instruments. The Power Express performs all pre-analytical sample tube preparation, and then sorts the sample tubes directly to Generic Connection Modules where the samples are pipetted by the Generic Connection instrument for testing. After the samples are pipetted, the tubes can route to other instruments for additional testing or to Outlet Racks.

The UniCel DxI 800 Access Immunoassay System with laboratory automation connection is a microcomputer-controlled, random and continuous access analyzer that includes an external computer. This computer stores the system user interface (UI) software and allows the operator to interface with and direct the instrument software. The UniCel DxI 800 System uses enzyme immunoassays (utilizing paramagnetic particle solid phase and chemiluminescent detection) for determination of various analytes, such as Vitamin B12, Ferritin, Folate and hTSH along with other various enzyme immunoassays assays that may be adaptable to the analyzer depending on the reagent used to induce the enzyme immunoassay reaction. The UniCel DxI 800 System is an in vitro diagnostic device for use in the clinical laboratory.

The Access Ferritin assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent assay for the quantitative determination of ferritin levels in human serum and plasma (heparin) using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Measurements of ferritin aid in the diagnosis of diseases affecting iron metabolism.

The Access Folate assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of folic acid levels in human serum, plasma (heparin) and red blood cells using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Folic acid measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of megaloblastic anemia.

The Access HYPER sensitive hTSH assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent assay for the quantitative determination of human thyroidstimulating hormone (thyrotropin, hTSH) levels in human serum using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Measurements of thyroid stimulating hormone produced by the anterior pituitary are used in the diagnosis of thyroid or pituitary disorders.

The Access Vitamin B12 assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent assay for the quantitative determination of vitamin B12 in human serum and plasma (heparin) using Access Immunoassay Systems. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of anemias of gastrointestinal malabsorption.

# 7.0 Comparison to the Predicate: (Description of the Modification to the Legally Marketed Device)

The modifications to the Power Processor include an upgrade to the process control software and upgrades to the hardware which were implemented using Beckman Coulter design controls. The list of similarities and differences between the Power Processor and the Power Express are listed in the table below.

The following table provides a summary of the similarities between the Power Express and the Power Processor.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspect /Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Processor Sample Processing System withGeneric Connection ModuleSoftware Version 5.0 (K110413)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PowerExpress</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The basic Power Processor is an automated samplehandling system which processes sample tubes fromthe pre-centrifugation, pre-sorting step to presentationof centrifuged and decapped samples into Generic orPersonality Racks for specific instruments.The Power Processor can be configured with optionalsoftware and hardware to allow processing of sampletubes on Generic Connection Instruments. The PowerProcessor performs all pre-analytical sample tubepreparation then sorts the sample tubes directly toGeneric Connection Modules where the samples arepipetted by the Generic Connection Instrument fortesting. After the samples are pipetted, the tubes canroute to other instruments for additional testing or toOutlet Racks.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same(replacing thename withPowerExpress)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Design</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open LAS architecture enables multiple analyzerconnections, including 3rd party systems. Scalable,modular configuration.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleTransferMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Onboard sampling is the physical transfer of thesample tube/rack from the automation track to theanalyzer&#x27;s sample load and identification area.Outboard sampling capability using the analyzer&#x27;sexisting LAS communications interface and GenericConnection Module.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FundamentalTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Centralized operation and monitoring of decentralizedequipment.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ChemistryAnalyzerConnection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unicel DxI 800 Access Immunoassay System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayPerformance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Ferritin AssayAccess Folate AssayAccess HYPERsensitive hTSH AssayAccess Vitamin B12 Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

The following table provides a summary of the differences between the Power Express and the Power Processor.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspect/Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Processor Sample ProcessingSystem with Generic Connection Module -Software Version 5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Express</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SystemModules</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The basic Power Processor System iscomprised of a line controller computer, asystem console with PrepLinkTM software, inletmodule, hematology module, centrifugationmodule, decapper module, track transportsystem, and output module. The GenericConnection module is an optional module toenable analyzer connectivity.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same, except forreplacement ofPrepLink softwarewith Cennexus.No hematologymodule.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleIdentification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identification of patient tubes and sampleprogramming using bar codes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same, except fortube tracking usingshort range RFIDreaders detectingembedded chips inthe sample carrier.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleHandling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Processes multiple tube sizes/typessimultaneously; sorts and maps samples forrouting, storage, and retrieval; performsintelligent sample routing based on systemstatus for LX/DxC/IDC (DxI), connections.Generic connection modules process only asingle tube size.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same, exceptBeckman Coulter LXand DxC instrumentsare connected usingthe Genericconnection interface</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingEnvironment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Software Microsoft Windows XP,Computer Console with Single User Interface.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating SoftwareMicrosoft Windows7 Computer Consolewith Single UserInterface</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HostCommunications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ability to interface with a LIS device toreceive patient identification and test requestsvia a communications protocol to providesample tracking via bar code labeling.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ASTM protocol withLIS Defined aliquotsand Host Query.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throughput</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450 tubes per hour (with 2 centrifuges).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1200 tubes per hour(with 4 centrifuges),and addition of 2lanes/ track tomanage morecarriers at sametrack velocity.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buttons and 2 character display.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Touch screen basedcontrol on eachmodule GUI withLCD.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyber security</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Field Service Engineers login with password.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Field ServiceEngineers, Users,Supervisors loginwith password.</td></tr></table>

510k Summary for Power Express Beckman Coulter, Inc.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspect/Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Processor Sample ProcessingSystem with Generic Connection Module -Software Version 5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Express</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microsoft Defenderfor anti-spyware.Fault tolerantcapability with dualmodules for thecritical hardwarefunctions.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Racks per Inlet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 racks that hold 50 tubes each.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 8 racks thathold up to 50 tubeseach.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 storage units of the same type.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 4 ambient orrefrigerated storageunits.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Centrifuge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tube sizes must be all the same.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Supports mixed tubesizes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inlet/Outlets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 tubesNo drawer  open platform.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 tubesAccess throughdrawers (2 drawers ineach of theinlet/outlets).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Track lanes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 lanes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 lanes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aliquotter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual tray fillingSingleSystem defined secondary tube labeling.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bulk feederDual units Systemand LIS definedsecondary tubelabeling.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Centrifuges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 centrifuges.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 centrifuges.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrimaryDecapper</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single unit (Rocker).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dual unit (Rotary).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SecondaryDecapper</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single unit (Rocker).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single unit (Rotary).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recapper</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single unit.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dual unit.</td></tr></table>

Based on the risk analysis, the modifications to the Power Processor did not introduce any new risks to the performance of the assays through the chemistry analyzer connections; therefore there was no requirement for Verification and Validation Testing.

To address the modifications to the Power Processor, performance data from verification and validation testing demonstrated that all software design, development and verification activities have been completed and passed to supports equivalency of Power Express to the Power Processor V5.0 Sample Processing System. Evidence is demonstrated through

Software design testing of:

Sample Management   
• Data Management   
• Set-up   
• Analyzer Connections   
• Host Interface Communications   
• Communication with Line Control Software   
• Sample Routing Logic   
• Sample Storage Error Recovery

System verification and validation testing of:

System Functions System operations Maintenance Error conditions • Error codes Problem description and solution in the system instructions for use

# 9.0 Conclusion:

As summarized, the Power Express is substantially equivalent to the originally cleared Power Processor Sample Processing System. Performance testing of the device demonstrates that the device functions as intended, meeting the requirements of the design specifications. The changes to the device do not constitute a new intended use and any differences in technological characteristics have been tested to demonstrate that the device is as safe and effective as the predicate and do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

The 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.