# 510(k) Summary

# ENVOY®500 CK REAGENT KIT

2. Submitter:

ELITech Clinical Systems SAS   
Zone Industrielle   
61500 SEES   
FRANCE

3. Contact Person:

Debra K. Hutson   
Manager, RAVQA, ELITechGroup, Inc. 21720 $2 3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Dr SE, Suite 150   
Bothell, WA 98021   
Phone: 425-482-5174   
Fax: 425-482-5550   
Email: d.hutson@elitechgroup.com

4. Device Description: Classification

ENVOY®500 CK REAGENT KIT   
Class II   
JHW   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 862.1215

5. Predicate Device:

K122083 ELITech Clinical Systems SAS ELITech Clinical Systems CK NAC SL

Reagents:

Envoy 500 CK Reagent is for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of creatine kinase (CK) in human serum and plasma using the Envoy 500 Chemistry System. It is not intended for use in Point of Care settings.

Measurements of creatine phosphokinase and its isoenzymes are used in the diagnosis and treatment of myocardial infarction and muscle diseases such as progressive, Duchenne-type muscular dystrophy.

Special conditions for use statement(s): Prescription Use Only. It is not intended for use in Point of Care settings.

Special instrument requirements: r  V® 0 Analy.

7.

Device Descriptions   
ENVOY CK REAGENT KIT is available as kit only. It consists of a bi-reagent R1   
and R2 whose composition,

for R1: 125 mmol/L Imidazole buffer, pH 6.10; 25 mmol/L D-Glucose; 25 mmol/L N-Acetyl-L-Cysteine; 12.5 mmol/L Magnesium acetate; 2.4 mmol/L NADP; 2.0 mmol/L EDTA; $\geq$ 6800 U/L Hexokinase (microorganism); $< 0 . 1 \%$ Sodium azide

for R2: 250 mmol/L Creatine phosphate; 15.2 mmol/L ADP; 25 mmol/L AMP;   
103 μmol/L Diadenosine pentaphosphate; ≥ 8800 U/L G-6-PDH (microorganism);   
$< 0 . 1 \%$ Sodium azide.

8.

Substantial Equivalence Information - Assay (reagent)

Predicate Device Name ELITech Clinical Systems CK NAC SL 2. K122083 Comparison with predicate

# Similarities

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELITech Clinical Systems DeviceENVOY® 500 CK REAGENT KIT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceELITech Clinical Systems CK NAC SLK122083</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/ Indication forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended for the quantitative in vitrodiagnostic determination of creatinekinase (CK) in human serum andplasma using the Envoy 500 ChemistrySystem.It is not intended for use in Point ofCare settings.Measurements of creatine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended for the quantitative in vitrodiagnostic determination of creatinekinase (CK) in human serum andplasma on ELITech Clinical SystemsSelectra analyzers.It is not intended for use in Point of Caresettings.Measurements of creatine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELITech Clinical Systems DeviceENVOY 500 CK REAGENT KIT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceELITech Clinical Systems CK NAC SLK122083</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">phosphokinase and its isoenzymes areused in the diagnosis and treatment ofmyocardial infarction and musclediseases such as progressive,Duchenne-type muscular dystrophy.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">phosphokinase and its isoenzymes areused in the diagnosis and treatment ofmyocardial infarction and musclediseases such as progressive,Duchenne-type muscular dystrophy.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent R1:125 mmol/L Imidazole buffer, pH 6.10;25 mmol/L D-Glucose;25 mmol/L N-Acetyl-L-Cysteine;12.5 mmol/L Magnesium acetate;2.4 mmol/L NADP:2.0 mmol/L EDTA;≥ 6800 U/L Hexokinase(microorganism);&lt; 0.1% Sodium azideReagent R2:250 mmol/L Creatine phosphate;15.2 mmol/L ADP;25 mmol/L AMP;103 μmol/L Diadenosinepentaphosphate;≥ 8800 U/L G-6-PDH (microorganism);&lt; 0.1% Sodium azide.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appearanceof reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid form, ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagentstorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 2-8 C and protect from light.The reagent is stable until the expirydate stated on the label.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expectedvalues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/plasma:Men: &lt; 171 U/LWomen: &lt; 145 U/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UV Method Kinetic based on IFCCrecommendations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 to 1714 U/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglycerides: No significantinterference up to 3000 mg/dL.Unconjugated bilirubin: Nosignificant interference up to 30.0mg/dL (513 µmol/L).Conjugated bilirubin: No significantinterference up to 29.5 mg/dL (504μmol/L).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELITech Clinical Systems DeviceENVOY® 500 CK REAGENT KIT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceELITech Clinical Systems CK NAC SLK122083</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid: No significantinterference up to 20.0 mg/dL.Acetaminophen: No significantinterference up to 30.0 mg/dL.Acetylsalicylic acid: No significantinterference up to 200.0 mg/dL.Hemolysis: No significant interferenceup to 100 mg/dL of hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Boardstability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit ofquantification(LoQ)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 U/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 U/L</td></tr></table>

# Differences

Page 4 of 10   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELITech Clinical Systems DeviceENVOY® 500 CK REAGENT KIT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceELITech Clinical Systems CK NAC SL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ENVOY®500 Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Selectra ProM Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None. The Envoy 500 uses acalibration factor for this assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recommended calibration material(not included):ELITech Clinical Systems ELICAL 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of detection(LOD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 U/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within runLevel138 U/L    CV= 1.5%Level375 U/L    CV= 1.0%Level1135 U/L  CV= 1.4%TotalLevel138 U/L    CV= 3.6%Level375 U/L    CV= 3.5%Level1135 U/L  CV= 3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within runLevel147 U/L         CV= 0.7%Level406 U/L         CV= 1.1%Level 1154 U/L         CV= 1.1%TotalLevel147 U/L         CV= 1.7%Level406 U/L         CV= 2.4%Level 1154 U/L         CV= 3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodcomparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y= 1.050 x + 0 U/Lr= 0.998range: 14 to 1650 U/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y= 1,012 x + 2 U/Lr= 0.998range: 11 to 1712 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recommended: Envoy SerumControl kit (k111063)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recommended:  ELITROL  (normalcontrol)andELITROL II (abnormalcontrol</td></tr></table>

9. Standard/Guidance Document Reference

Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline—Second Edition. CLSI (NCCLS) document EP05-A2, Vol 24, No. 25, August 2004.

Use of Symbols on Labels and in Labeling of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices Intended for Professional Use: Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, November 2004.

Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline—Second Edition.   
CLSI (NCCLS) document EP07-A2, Vol 25, No. 27, November 2005.

Evaluation of the Linearity of the Measurement of Quantitative Procedures: a Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline. CLSI (NCCLS) document EPO6-A, Vol , No. 16, April 2003.

NF EN 13640:2002 Stability Testing of in vitro Diagnostic Reagents

# 1 Test Principle:

Kinetic determination of creatine Kinase (CK) activity: (Kinetic_UV method, based on IFCC recommendations).

Creatine Phosphate $^ +$ ADP Creatine kinase Creatine $^ { + }$ ATP ATP $^ +$ D-Glucose Hexokinase D-Glucose-6-Phosphate $^ +$ ADP G-6-P $^ { + }$ NADP\* G-6.PDH D-Gluconate-6-Phosphate $+ N A D P H + H ^ { + }$

G-6-P: D-Glucose-6-Phosphate G-6-PDH: Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase.

The rate of increase in absorbance of NADPH is measured at 340 nm and is directly proportional to the activity of CK in the sample.

# 11 Performance Characteristics - Analytical Performance

# a.Precision/Reproducibility

The precision of the device was determined in accordance with Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline—Second Edition. CLSI (NCCLS) document EP05-A2, Vol 24, No. 25, August 2004.

Within-run and total precision results were obtained by performing two runs per day, two measures per run, for 3 levels of samples on 2 instruments during twenty operating days according to CLSI EP05-A2 protocol. The results are presented in the table below:

# Precision

# Serum

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean (U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Precision %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range

The linearity study of ENVOY®500 CK Reagent Kit Reagent was performed according to CLSI protocol EP06-A.

#

Eleven ) levels f patient pools were prepared from a high activity sample obtained by spiking a serum pool and a low activity sample obtained by dilution to obtain 11 levels with equidistant activities. The samples were measured and experimental values are compared to expected values.

This study demonstrates acceptable linearity from 10-1714 (with an acceptable deviation from linearity of $\pm 1 0 \%$

Automatic dilution $\uparrow$ to 10 allows an upper linearity of ENvOY500 CK reagent to 17140 U/L.

# c. Traceability

ENV®500 CK Reagent Kit is calibrated utomatically by the Envy 500 through the ue o  caliation acto heinstment parameters.The caliration factor has taceablity o the IFCC method.Results are automatically calculated by the factor.The original reagent cleared for use on Envoy 500 also makes use of a calibration factor (k112416).

Envoy Serum Control kit was cleared under k111063 (which included creatine kinase as an analyte).

# d. Stability

# Real-time stability:

The shelf-life of ENVOY®500 CK Reagent Kit has been followed real time for 14 months on 3 different lots.

On board stability: This evaluates the period of time during which correct measurements are obtained after installation of a new vial on board.

At least 3 levels of sample (high/medium/low) are tested in duplicate at Day 0.

Four (4) activities levels are analyzed in duplicate, until the deviations from the results at D0 are higher than acceptance criteria or for at least 30 days. During this period, the reagents are stored on the analyzer (vial open).

This study was performed on one (1) lot on ENvOY500 analyzer. The results indicate that the reagent is stable 28 days on board.

# e.Detection limit

Determined according to CLSI protocol EP17-A (Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantification; Approved Guideline).

# Limit of Detection:

The limit of Detection was obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples prepared from 4 patient samples measured using ENVOY®500 CK reagent and diluted with Albumin 6 g/dL / NaCl $0 . 9 \%$ to obtain an activity of approximately $3 . 5 \dot { \cup } \dot { \Lambda }$ .

The data are not Gaussian, so $\angle O D = \angle O B + D S , B$ (where $\tt D S , \tt B$ is determined by calculating the median minus the 5th percentile of the low activity sample distribution).

# Limits of Quantification:

The limit of Quantification was obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples prepared from 4 patient samples measured using ENVOY®500 CK reagent and diluted with Albumin 6 g/dL / NaCl $0 . 9 \%$ to obtain an activity of $5 0 / l$ .

Acceptance criteria: The acceptable performance'goal is defined as the lowest measured value with a precision coefficient of variation of $s 1 5 \%$ .

# Serum

Limit of Detection (LoD) of ENVOY®500 CK Reagent Kit obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples with a low activity of analyte (approximately $4 \times \mathsf { L o B } \approx 3 . 5 \mathsf { U } _ { i }$ L) is 2 U/L.

Limit of Quantification _(LoQ) of ENVOY®500 CK Reagent Kit obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples at nominal activity is 5 U/L.

# Interference/analytical specificity

Innceolysjgatlcatbilnglyc, ascorbic acid, acetylsalicylic acid, acetaminophen were investigated following the recommended sample levels in CLSI EP07-A2 protocol (Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline - Second Edition).

For each potential interferent tested, 2 serum sample pools at two creatine kinase levels close to those specified in Appendix B of EP7-A2 were prepared:

$\cdot 1 ^ { \mathfrak { s t } }$ pool: low activity at nominal 150 U/L   
$- 2 ^ { n d }$ pool: high activity at nominal 1200 U/L   
Aliquots of each of the serum sample pools were spiked with increasing interferent concentration. Test ranges covered at least the interferent level specified in Appendix D of EP7-A2. Thus, there were two series of interferent spike for each potential interferent tested. A control sample was prepared from the sample pool diluted in the appropriate diluent.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of differentconcentrations tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to3000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to30.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to 29.5mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to 20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to 200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to 30 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 556 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr></table>

Two (2) levels of control (Serum control Level 1 and Serum control Level 2) were tested to check the reagents.

For both sample pools for each interferent, each point was measured in triplicate per run. Acceptance criteria: an accepted bias of $\pm 1 0 \%$ in sample pools with low (150U/L) or high (1200U/L) nominal activity.

The results of testing interferences are the followng:

Concentration up to 100 mg/dL of hemoglobin, $3 0 . 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ unconjugated bilirubin, 3000 mg/dL triglycerides, $2 0 m g / d L$ ascorbic acid, $2 9 . 5 \ : \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d L }$ conjugated bilirubin, 200 mg/dL acetylsalicylic acid 30 and mg/dL acetaminophen do not show any significant interference for each substance.

In very rare cases, monoclonal gammopathies (multiple myeloma), in particular IgM type (Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia) can cause unreliable results.

The following statement will also be included in the labeling:

Other compounds may interfere. Users should refer to the two following literature references:   
Yo E  pealytical vrbles ncical boatory t $2 ^ { n d }$ Ed., AACC Press, (1997).   
Youg D. Efcts s  cil ao sts, $4 ^ { \mathfrak { n } }$ Ed., AACC Press, (1995). . chemistry analysis of blood samples containing monoclonal immunoglobulins: 2 case reports and a review of literature, Acta Clin Belg., (2004), 59, 263.

# 12. Performance Characteristics - Comparison Studies

# a. Method comparison

A correlation study was performed between ENVOY $\textcircled { 8 } 5 0 0$ CK Reagent kit on ENVOY®500 analyzer and ELITech Clinical Systems CK NAC SL on Selectra ProM analyzer according to CLSI EP09-A2 protocol (Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline - Second edition).

This study was performed using 100 serum patient samples from 14 to 1650 U/L over a span of 5 days.

Regression analysis of the results yielded the following:

$y = 1 . 0 5 0 x + 0 \mathsf { U } L$ EPY   
${ \sf r } = 0 . 9 9 8$   
$\mathsf { r } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 6$   
Standard error of the estimate $\mathsf { S y } . \mathsf { x } = 2 8 \mathsf { L }$ /L

# b. Comparison study

To support the use of lithium heparin plasma samples, a second correlation study was performed between ENVOY $\textcircled { 1 9 } _ { 5 0 0 }$ CK Reagent kit on ENVOY®500 analyzer and ELITech Clinical Systems CK NAC SL on Selectra ProM analyzer according to CLSI EP09-A2 protocol (Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline - Second edition).

This study was performed using 40 plasma specimens (in lithium heparin), ranging from 10 to 1660 U/L over a span of 2 days.

Regression analysis of the results yielded the following:

$\ y = 1 . 0 2 0 \times + 3 \cup \prime |$ L   
$\Gamma = 0 . 9 9 9$ EY   
$\Gamma ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 9$   
Standard error of the estimate $\mathsf { S y } . \mathsf { x } = 2 1$ U/L

# C. Expected values/Reference Range

As indicated in the instructions for use for ENVOY®500 CK Reagent Kit, each laboratory should establish and maintain its own reference values. The values given are used as guidelines only.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Men</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Women</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum/ Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;171</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U/L</td></tr></table>

These reference values are from: Schumann, G., et al., Clin. Chem. Lab. Med., (2002), 40, 635-42

d. Clinical Studies: Not applicable e. Clinical Cut-off: Not applicable

# 3. Conclusion

The information on the principle and performance of the device that is contained in this premarket notification is complete and supports a decision that our device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# July 18,2014

ELITECHGROUP   
DEBRA HUTSON   
MANAGER, RA/QA   
21720 23RD DR SE, SUITE 150   
BOTHELL WA 98021

Re: K141265 Trade/Device Name: ENVOY 500 CK Reagent Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1215 Regulation Name: Creatine phosphokinase/creatine kinase orisoenzymes test ystem Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JHW Dated: May 14, 2014 Received: May 15, 2014

Dear Ms. Debra Hutson:

We have reviewed your Section $\mathfrak { s l o } ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class1l (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-rec number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also. please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 87.9.For questions regarding the reporing o adverse events under the MDR regulation 21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
hutp:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general inforimation on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/RcsourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Katherine Serrano -S

For : Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

ENVY500 CKREAGENTKIT nteor he antiaiveteatat ina CK)i buman serum and plasma using the ENVOY 500 Chemistry System.

It is not intended for se in Point of Care settings.

Creatine phosphokinase and its isenzymes measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of myocardial infarction and muscle diseases such as progressive, Duchenne-type muscular dystrophy.

# Ruth A. Chesler -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# 'DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

The burdenmeor his collection  information is estmated toaverage7hours per esponse,incudi e time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."