# 510(k) SUMMARY

# JUL. 2 8 2014

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: k141728.

# 510(k) holder/Submitter:

Sentinel CH. SpA

Submitter's Address:

Via Robert Koch, 2 20152 Milano - ITALY

Submitter's Telephone: Submitter's Fax:

+39 023455141   
+39 0234551464

Contact Name Contact Email: Contact Title: Contact Telephone:

Patricia Dupé   
patriciadupe@sentinel.it   
Regulatory Affairs Manager $+ 3 9$ 0234551496

510(k) Summary Preparation Date:

$1 7 ^ { 1 1 }$ July 2014

# Proprietary Name:

# ACE Calibrator

Common or Usual Name:

Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Calibrator

Classification:

Calibrator, Secondary (21 CFR 862.1150)   
Class II   
Clinical Chemistry   
JIT

# Predicate Device:

Analytical Control Systems ACE Calibrator Product Code, SC-131 Cleared under 510(k) - k930477

# Description of the Device:

The ACE Calibrator is a single level,single analyte serum based calibrator. It consists o a lyophilized preparation of human serum containing angiotensin converting enzyme (porcine source), in a buffered human serum base with added preservatives and stabilizers.

The kit consists of six vials, containing 1 mL per vial. Once reconstituted, the calibrator is stable for 7 days when stored capped at $2 - 8 \%$ .

# Statement of the Intended Use:

ACE Calibrator is intended to be used with the Sentinel ACE Liquid Reagent for the preparation of the calibration curve for the kinetic determination of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) assay in human serum or plasma.   
T  .

# Summary of the technological characteristics of the device compared to the predicate device:

The Sentinel ACE Calibrator is substantially equivalent to Analytical Control Systems (ACS) ACE Calibrator.

Table 1 summarizes the technological characteristics of the ACE Calibrator, illustrating the similarities and differences between the Sentinel ACE Calibrator and Analytical Control Systems ACE Calibrator (Predicate Device).

Table 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Characteristic        Sentinel ACE Calibrator               ACS ACE Calibrator(Predicate)Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended to be used withthe Sentinel ACE LiquidReagent for the preparation ofthe calibration curve for thekinetic determination ofangiotensin converting enzyme(ACE) assay in human serum orplasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended to be used to prepare areference curve for the kineticdetermination   of   angiotensinconverting enzyme (ACE)  inhuman serum or plasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format/Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized preparation of humanserum containing ACE (porcine),preservatives and stabilisers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized preparation of humanserum containing ACE (porcine),preservatives and stabilisers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carefully peel the metal flip sealfrom the vial using tweezers or aspatula to assist.Gently remove the stopper toavoid loss of the lyophilized pelletand add exactly 1.0mL ofdeionized water. Replace stopperand gently swirl.Leave to stand for 5 minutes.Swirleach vial just prior to use. Avoidfoaming.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Add 1.OmL water to vial of ACECalibrator. Swirl gently, allowing tostand for 5 minutes. Invert gentlyand mix well until dissolution iscomplete. Swirl gently to mixbefore each use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized:Stable at 2-8°C up to expiry dateindicatedon   the   packagelabelling.Reconstituted material:Stable 7 days when stored at2-8C, if contamination is avoidedand    vials   are   recappedimmediately after use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized:Stable at 2-8°C until expirationdate displayed on label.Reconstituted material:Stable for at least 7 days whenstoppered and stored at 2-8°C.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConstituentAnalyte(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Angiotensin Converting Enzyme(ACE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Angiotensin Converting Enzyme(ACE)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>:             Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>No significant differences identified</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Testing:

# ()Traceability

The Sentinel ACE Calibrator was value assigned using an in-house protocol whereby proficiency survey material from the College of American Pathologists (CAP) ACE program, which has assigned values for the Trinity ACE reagent system, was used to assign a value to the Sentinel master calibrator. The value assignment involved running at least two runs per day over two days on two Abbott Architect analyzers using Sentinel ACE Liquid assay. Five replicates of pooled ACE calibrator were analyzed on each run to give a total of 20 replicates. The assigned value was the mean of the 20 replicates.

The assigned value was then verified by running commercially available control sera for ACE as well as available ACE proficiency survey material from CAP and WEQAS (Wales External Quality Assurance Scheme).

Defined acceptance criteria was met for the value assignment and verification process.

No internationally recognised certified reference material or method is available for the measurement of ACE. As such the Sentinel ACE Calibrator targeted traceability to the Trinity Biotech ACE reagent system, which is considered to be a market leader in the determination of Angiotensin Converting Enzyme activity.

) Stability

# Shelf-life Stability

Real time stability data was presented on 2 different batches of ACE Calibrator. Accelerated heat stress testing was not performed on the calibrator as the angiotensin converting enzyme in the calibrator is heat labile and therefore not stable at elevated temperatures.

At time of manufacture, calibrator was reconstituted with 1 mL of deionised water and tested on a Cobas Mira, using Trinity Biotech ACE reagent. The calibrator recovery value represented the initial time result.

After 46 months (batch # 1) and 38 months (batch # 2) storage at $2 . 8 \textdegree$ as a lyophilized and capped fill, the Calibrator was re-tested after being reconstituted with deionised water and stored for 7 days at $2 . 8 \textdegree$ The calibrator mean recovery result after 46 and 38 months respectively was compared against the initial time result (at time of manufacture) and $\%$ bias versus initial time result calculated.

The data demonstrates that the un-reconstituted calibrator when stored sealed at 2-8°C is stable for at least 38 months. Based on the shelf life data presented, the claimed shelf will be 36 months (3 years) from date of manufacture, which is the same shelf life as claimed by the predicate device.

# (ii) Reconstituted Stability (Open vial)

3 vials of ACE Calibrator were reconstituted with 1 mL of deionised water as instructed on the package insert and pooled into a single vial. The pooled calibrator was then stored at $2 . 8 \%$ for at least 7 days.

ACE Calibrator reconstituted for 7 days at $2 . 8 \%$ was tested against freshly reconstituted ACE calibrator. Sentinel ACE Liquid assay was used for testing together with approved instrument application on the Abbott Architect analyzer. Freshly reconstituted calibrator was used to calibrate the ACE assay. ACS ACE Controls were run as Quality Control material. The calibrator and controls were run in triplicate.

In addition to 7 days, calibrator was also tested at day 2 and day 8 (stored at $2 . 8 ^ { \circ } C ^ { \prime }$

The recovery of the freshly reconstituted calibrator was compared to the recovery of calibrator stored for 7 days refrigerated at $2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

The results demonstrated that the ACE Calibrator met the acceptance criteria of within $\pm 5 . 0 \%$ difference in ACE recoveries between fresh calibrator and calibrator reconstituted and stored for 7 days at $\mathsf { \pmb { 2 } } \mathsf { \cdot } \mathsf { \pmb {8 } } ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

The reconstituted ACE Calibrator is stable and can be used for up to 7 days when stored capped and refrigerated at $\ 2 . 8 ^ { \circ } \complement$ .

# Conclusion:

The Sentinel ACE Calibrator and the Analytical Control Systems ACE Calibrator (predicate device) are substantially equivalent .

# Food and Drug Administration 10903 New Hampshire Avenue Document Control Center - WO66-G609 Silver Spring. MD 20993-0002

July 28, 2014

SENTINEL CH. SPA  
PATRICIA DUPE  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANAGER  
VIA ROBERT KOCH, 2  
MILANO 20152 ITALY

Re: k141728 Trade/Device Name: ACE Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIT Dated: June 19, 2014 Received: June 26, 2014

Dear Ms. Patricia Dupé:

We have reviewed your Section ${ \mathfrak { s l } } 0 ( { \mathfrak { k } } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, a Cosme ct (Act) that o ot requieaproval  a premarket approval appliatin (MA). Y  heark  u e o povis hT devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warrantis.We remind you, however, that device labelig must be truthful and not misleading.

yr devi is class eboveinto either class  pecal ontrol)orclass I A), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be in e Code  Federal Regulatios, T ar 0   diion, y publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (2 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Ms. Dupé

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
hup:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/RcsourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also. please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Officc of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address htp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Enclosure

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Concurrence of Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) (Signature)

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Theburden tmeor his collection  inormation is estmated to average7hours per esponse, includi te time to reviw instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."