May 1, 2015

APEX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP.   
HSUE-MEI LEE, MANAGER OF QUALITY ASSURANCE DEPT. NO. 7, LI-HSIN ROAD V,   
HSINCHU SCIENCE PARK   
HSINCHU 30078, TAIWAN

Re: K141036 Trade/Device Name: BGM009 Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: April 22, 2015 Received: April 23, 2015

Dear Hsue-mei Lee:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k141036

Device Name BGM009 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apex Biotechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact Person:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hsue-mei LeeManager of Quality Assurance DepartmentApex Biotechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)email: hsue-mei@apexbio.comPhone: 011-886-3-5641952FAX: 011-886-3-5678302</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Prepared:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Septebmer 10, 2014</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BGM009 Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose test system, 21 CFR 862.1345, Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Codes:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CGA, NBW</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutoSure Voice II Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k113208)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Description:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BGM009 blood glucose meter and BGM009 test strips are used fortesting of blood glucose.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">510(k) Summary (Continued)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BGM009 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for thequantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samplesdrawn from the fingertips, forearm, or palm. Alternative site testing should beperformed only during steady-state (when glucose is not changing rapidly).The device includes speaking functions but is not intended for use in visuallyimpaired users. It is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitrodiagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid in monitoring theeffectiveness of diabetes control and should only be used by a single patientand it should not be shared. It is not indicated for the diagnosis or screeningof diabetes or for neonatal use.The BGM009 Blood Glucose Test Strips are to be used with the BGM009Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in capillary wholeblood taken from fingertips, palm, or forearm.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison ofTechnologicalCharacteristics:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BGM009 meter has been modified relative to the predicate by minorchanges in external design and modifications of the test strip holder tosupport the hematocrit compensation feature. Meter software has beenaugmented to support the hematocrit compensation feature. The BGM009test strip has been modified relative to the predicate by minor changes inchemistry, alteration of electrode tracks to support 6 calibration codes, andaddition of electrode tracks to support the hematocrit compensation feature.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-ClinicalTesting:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing was conducted as follows: EMC and Electrical Safety, test stripholder reliability testing, battery life verification, drop testing, disinfectionperformance (robustness of meter to multiple cleanings and disinfections),software verification and validation, and linearity testing with validation ofLo/Hi detection, temperature and humidity testing, sample volumeverification, precision testing, interferences testing, altitude testing,qualification of control solutions, hematocrit performance testing,disinfection testing with recommended disinfectant wipes was done using ananimal virus test model. Results demonstrate substantial equivalence to thepredicate system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">An accuracy study was conducted with home users, including evaluation ofease of use and ease of understanding of the user manual. Resultsdemonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conclusion:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical and non-clinical testing demonstrated that the BGM009 systemperforms in a substantially equivalent manner to that of the predicate. We</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>conclude that the BGM009 system is substantially equivalent to the predicate system.</td></tr></table>