# 510(k) Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System, Calibrator and Control Set

# Date prepared:

July 14th, 2014

# Purpose of submission

Roche Diagnostics hereby submits this $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ to provide FDA with notification of intent to market a new device named Tina-quant Cystatin C Gen. 2 reagent.

This candidate device is a new reagent that was developed by Roche Diagnostics. The Diazyme Cystatin C Assay was cleared in 510(k) k093680 and serves as the predicate device. The candidate reagent uses the same calibrator that was cleared in $\mathbf { k 0 8 0 8 } | \mathbf { \Omega } |$ and the new Cystatin C Control Set. The new Control Set Gen.2 has three levels compared to the two levels control set which previous cleared in k08081 1. The Mid level is the only difference between this control set and the one that was cleared in $\mathbf { k 0 8 0 8 1 1 }$ . This submission presents data to support clearance of this new reagent and control.

All data in this submission was generated on the cobas c 501 analyzer.

# Measurand

# Cystatin C

# Type of test

Quantitative turbidimetric method

# Applicant

Mr. Khoa Tran   
Roche Diagnostics   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250   
Telephone: (317) 521-3409   
Fax: (317) 521-2324   
Email: khoa.tran@roche.com

# Candidate device names

# 510(k) Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System, Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

Regulatory information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1225(Cystatin Ctest system)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1150,(Calibrator, secondary)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1660, (Single(specified) analyte controls(assayed and unassayed))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System, Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

# Intended use

In vitro test for the quantitative determination of cystatin C in human serum and plasma on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems.

# Indications for use

# Tina-quant Cystatin C Gen. 2 assay:

The Tina-quant Cystatin C Gen. 2 is an in vitro test for the quantitative determination of cystatin C in human serum and plasma on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems. Cystatin C measurements are used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases.

# C.f.a.s. Cystatin C:

The C.f.a.s. Cystatin C is for use in the calibration of quantitative Roche methods on Roche clinical chemistry analyzers as specified in the value sheets.

# Cystatin C Control Set Gen.2:

The Cystatin C Control Set is for use in quality control by monitoring accuracy and precision for the quantitative methods as specified in the value sheets.

Special   
conditions for   
use

For prescription use only

Special instrument requirements

For use on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems

Candidate device description

Roche Tina-quant Cystatin C Gen. 2 reagent provides quantitative measurement of the cystatin C that is present in human serum and plasma

# Assay:

Reagents are packaged in a cassette with two bottles labeled with their instrument positioning, R1 (Reagent I) and R2 (Reagent 2).

Rcontaissolutionpoymers  MOPS-buffere saline; preevative stabilizers.

R2 is latex partices in glycine bufer coated with anti-Cystati Cntidies (rabbit); preservative, stabilizers.

# Calibrator:

C.f.a.s. Cystatin C is a liquid, ready-to-use calibrator based on pooled delipidated human serum enriched with recombinant human Cystatin C produced in E. Coli. Single level calibrators with lot specific values are diluted on board the analyzer to create a 6-point calibration curve.

# Control:

Cystatin C Control Set contains 3 controls based on pooled delipidated human serum enriched with human recombinant Cystatin C produced in E. Coli.

# Predicate device

# 510(k) Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System, Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

The following table compares the identical features of the candidate device to the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k093680 and k080811.

Substantial equivalence - similarities   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Diazyme Cystatin C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:Tina-Quant Cystatin C Gen.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Diazyme Cystatin C Assay is anin-vitro diagnostic test for thequantitative determination ofCystatin C in serum or plasma bylatex enhanced immunoturbidimetricmethod. The measurement ofCystatin C is used as an aid in thediagnosis and treatment of renaldisease.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Tina-Quant Cystatin CGen.2 is an in vitro test for thequantitative determination ofCystatin C in human serumand lithium-heparin plasmaon Roche automated clinicalchemistry analyzers. CystatinC measurements are used asan aid in the diagnosis andtreatment of renal diseases.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PermissibleAnticoagulants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Li-heparin plasmaK2-EDTA plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Li-heparin plasmaK2-EDTA, K3-EDTA plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">colorimetric method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 Levels Cystatin C Calibrators andsaline as the zero calibrator.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C.f.a.s. (Calibrator forautomated systems), singlelevel and use water as the zerocalibrator.(C.f.a.s. cleared for use withCystatin C assay in 510(k)k080811)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Any calibration frequency isdependent on instrument used.Additionally, that assay should berecalibrated and controls run witheach new lot of reagent.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After reagent lot change andas required following qualitycontrol procedures.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Shelf LifeStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unopened: 2-8 °C until expirationdateOn-board in use:4 weeks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unopened: 2-8 °C untilexpiration dateOn-board in use:8 weeks</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-point; Spine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Standardized against the Doumas</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Traceability</td><td>manual reference method assignment was carried out by</td><td>Assay: This method has been standardized against ERM- DA471/IFCC reference material. Calibrator: The Cystatin C calibrator is traceable to ERM-DA471/IFCC reference material. The value assignment was carried out by turbidimetry on Hitachi 917 analyzer. Control: The Cystatin C control is traceable to ERM- DA471/IFCC reference material. The value</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument Platform</td><td>Hitachi 917 analyzer</td><td>turbidimetry on Hitachi 917 analyzer. cobas c 501 analyzer</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System, Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

Substantial equivalencedifferences

The following table compares the different features of the candidate device to the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k093680 and k08081 1.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Diazyme Cystatin C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Tina-Quant Cystatin C Gen. 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1:100 mM Tris-buffer SolutionR2:Suspension of anti-humanCystatin C chicken polyclonalantibody coated latex particles (&lt;0.5%).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1:Solution of polymers in MOPS-buffered saline; preservative,stabilizersR2:Latex particles in glycine buffercoated with anti-Cystatin Cantibodies (rabbit); preservative,stabilizers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent On-BoardStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>on-board in use and refrigeratedon the analyzers: 4 weeks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>on-board in use and refrigeratedon the analyzers: 8 weeks</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cystatin C Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cystatin C Control Set (3 levels)These two level control set wascleared for use with Cystatin C ink080811.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System, Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

# Substantial equivalence - differences continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Diazyme Cystatin C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Tina-Quant Cystatin C Gen. 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 - 8.0 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40 - 6.80 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age 18-55  0.62-1.16 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age 21-77  0.61-0.95 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hook Effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No hook effect up to 20 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower Limits ofMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB: 0.04 mg/LLoD: 0.07 mg/LLoQ: 0.19 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB: 0.30 mg/LLoD: 0.40 mg/LLoQ: 0.40 mg/L</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System, Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

# Test principle

Tina-quant Cystatin C Gen.2 measures cystatin C in human serum and plasma on Roche automated clinical analyzer by turbidimetric method. The human cystatin C agglutinates with latex particles coated with anti-cystatin C antibodies. The aggregate is determined turbidimetrically at $5 4 6 ~ \mathrm { n m }$ .

# Precision/ reproducibility

Precision was determined according to CLSI EP5-A2. The study included three human serum samples (0.56, 2.80, and $6 . 3 9 \mathrm { m g / L } )$ and three control samples in two aliquots per run and two runs per day for 21 days.

Here are summaries of the repeatability and intermediate precision data.

Repeatability Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>SpecimenTotal Mean (mg/L)Within Run ImprecisionSD (mg/L)Within Run ImprecisionCV%Min (mg/L)Max (mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanSerum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanSerum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanSerum 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.530</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.590</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.55</td></tr></table>

Intermediate Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanSerum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanSerum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanSerum 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.530</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.590</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.55</td></tr></table>

Values that appear in bold type also appear in the labeling.

# 510(k) Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System, Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

Linearity was assessed according to CLSI EP6-A with one batch of reagent, in one run, and with samples measured in triplicate. Two separate dilution series differing by sample type (serum and plasma) were prepared with thirteen levels for the plasma series and twenty one levels for the serum series. Lithium-heparin was used to prepare the plasma sample series. The highest concentration samples exceed the desired measuring range. Human Serum sample pool with high concentration of Cystatin C, spiked with recombinant Cystatin C. Human Plasma sample pool with high concentration of Cystatin C, spiked with recombinant Cystatin C

Linearity/ assay reportable range   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2">Range tested Range found</td><td>0.046 - 8.893</td><td>0.0 - 7.578</td></tr><tr><td>0.0 - 8.893</td><td>0.00 - 7.578</td></tr><tr><td>Recommended measuring range</td><td></td><td>0.40 - 6.80</td><td>0.40 - 6.80</td></tr></table>

Measuring Ranges that are Supported by the Linearity Data $( \mathrm { m g / L } )$

The first order (linear) regression is significant or both sample types.

Linear Regression Equation for Serum $\mathbf { Y } = 1 . 0 0 1 \mathbf { \bar { x } } - 0 . 0 0 5 7 \mathbf { \bar { \tau } } \mathbf { R } ^ { 2 } { = } 0 . 9 9 9$ Linear Regression Equation for Plasma $\mathbf { Y } = 1 . 0 0 0 \mathbf { \bar { x } } + 0 . 0 0 0 0 \mathbf { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 9$

# Traceability and stability

This method has been standardized against the ERM-DA471/IFCC reference material.

The reagent has been evaluated fortransport, shelf-life, and open on-board stability.

# Page 10 of 16

# 510(k) Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System, Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

# Detection Limit

LoB, LoD, and LoQ studies were performed based upon CLSI EP17-A2.

LoB Protocol: One blank sample was tested in $\mathsf { n } { = } 5$ with two analyzers with three reagent batches for six runs per day across three days.

LoD Protocol: Five low-analyte samples were measured in singlicate on two analyzers with three reagent batches for six runs per day across three days.

LoQ Protocol: A low Level Sample Set was prepared by diluting 5 human serum samples with an analyte free diluent $( 0 . 9 \% \mathsf { N a C l } )$ The Low level Sample Set was tested in 2 replicates per sample on 5 days, one runs per day on one cobas c 501 analyzers. The mean concentration is plotted versus the $\%$ CV. The concentration at $\%$ CV of 13.3 is the LoQ.

The LoB, LoD, and LoQ claims represent the specifications for each.

LoB claim $= 0 . 3 0 \mathrm { m g / L }$   
LoD claim $= 0 . 4 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / L }$   
LoQ claim $= 0 . 4 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / L }$ at $\%$ CV of 13.3

# 510(k) Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System, Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

Analytical specificity - interference from endogenous substances

The reagent was evaluated with four endogenous substances, Hemoglobin, Lipemia, Bilirubin and Rheumatoid factor for potential interference with the measurement of Cystatin C.

One pool of human serum was spiked with the interferent. A second pool of human serum contained none. The two pools were mixed in different ratios to yield a dilution series with varying concentrations of the interferent.

The endogenous interference data are summarized in the table. Interference was tested at two levels of Cystatin C.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>no interference upto</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claim as it appears in thelabeling.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=5>Lipemia Level 1Lipemia Level 2Hemolysis Level 1Hemolysis Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia Level 1Lipemia Level 2Hemolysis Level 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2364 L index</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>l 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1313 H index</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No significant interference upto an H index of 1000.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1461 H index</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=5>Unconjugated BilirubinLevel 1Unconjugated BilirubinLevel 2Rheumatoid factor Level 1Rheumatoid factor Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77 H index</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No significant interference upto an I index of 60.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73 H index</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1301 mg/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Rheumatoid factor &lt; 12001U/mL do not interfere</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1216 mg/L</td></tr></table>

All data passed the following acceptance criteria:

Recovery within $\pm 0 . 1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / L }$ of initial values for samples $\leq 1 . 0 0 \ \mathrm { m g / L }$ and within $\pm \nobreakspace 1 0 \%$ for sample $> 1 . 0 0 \mathrm { m g / L }$ .

# ${ \bar { \bf s } } 1 0 ( { \bf k } )$ Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System, Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

# Analytical specificity - interference from common drugs

Seventeen commonly used drugs were examined for potential interference on measurement with cobas c Tina-Quant Cystatin C Gen. 2 reagent.

Two sample pools, containing a low and high concentration of Cystatin C are used. These sample pools are divided into an appropriate number of aliquots. One aliquot is not spiked with the drugs and it is used as the reference sample for Cystatin C concentration. The Cystatin C concentration in the sample is determined with ${ \mathfrak { n } } = 3$ measurements on a cobas c 501 analyzer.

The other sample aliquots, with either the high or low Cystatin C concentrations, are spiked with the respective amount of drug. The Cystatin C concentration of the spiked aliquots are determined in triplicate and the mean of the triplicate determinations is compared to the Cystatin C concentration determined for the reference aliquot (mean of $\mathfrak { n } { = } 3$

The table below summarizes the common drug interferences data:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Concentration ShownNot to Interfere with Cystatin C(drug concentrations in mg/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcystein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin - Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000U</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa + 1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycyclin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalycilic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibubrofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

All data passed the following acceptance criteria:

Difference in recovery to the reference sample: $\leq \pm 1 0 \%$ E

# 510(k) Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System, Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

Method   
comparison   
with predicate   
device

A total of 103 human serum samples were tested in singlicate with the Cystatin C reagent from Diazyme on one Modular P and the CYSC2 reagent on one cobas c 501 analyzer.

Cystatin C values for n=103 human sera adult samples were obtained using the candidate reagent (y-axis) to the predicate reagent (x-axis) on the Roche/Hitachi cobas c 501 analyzer. Candidate sample concentrations ranged from 0.500 to $6 . 6 7 \mathrm { m g / L } ,$ and they were tested in singlicate. The values were regressed using the Passing/Bablok model to produce the following equation.

Passing/Bablok   
$\mathrm { Y } = 0 . 9 9 7 \mathrm { x } - 0 . 0 6 4 \mathrm { m g / L }$   
$\mathrm { T } = 0 . 9 3 7$

Linear regression $\begin{array} { l } { \mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 3 1 \mathbf { x } - 0 . 1 5 3 ~ \mathrm { m g / L } } \\ { \mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 8 8 } \end{array}$

# Page 14 of 16

# 510(k) Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System, Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

Matrix comparison

Lithium-heparin, $\mathsf { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA and $\mathsf { K } _ { 3 }$ -EDTA are permissible anticoagulants for use with this reagent because they do not interfere with recovery of Cystatin C. In an internal study, a total of 57 tubes were collected per anticoagulant. Plasma results were compared to serum results and percent recovery was determined. In terms of $\%$ recovery. All data passed the following criteria: For sample concentrations $\leq 0 . 1 \ \mathrm { m g / L }$ , the deviation must be $\leq \pm \ 1 0 \ \mathrm { m g / L }$ . For sample concentrations $> 0 . 1 ~ \mathrm { m g / L }$ , the deviation must be $\leq \pm 1 0 \%$ .

t   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>anticoagulants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample concentrationrange tested (mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claimed MeasuringRange (mg/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li-Heparin (full)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.560 - 6.63</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>0.40 - 6.80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li-Heparin (half)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.650 - 5.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K2-EDTA(full)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.550 - 6.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K2-EDTA(half)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.630 - 5.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K3-EDTA(full)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.580 - 6.72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K3-EDTA(half)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.620 - 4.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gel Separation Tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.510 - 6.55</td></tr></table>

In addition, method comparisons with plasma vs. serum were calculated with the following results:

Serum vs. Li-heparin P/B: $\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 1 0 \mathbf { x } + 0 . 0 2 0$ b $\mathbf { r } = 1 . 0 0 0$ Serum vs. ${ \sf K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA P/B: $\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 2 0 \mathbf { x } - 0 . 0 1 0 .$ b $\mathbf { r } = 1 . 0 0 0$ E Serum vs. $\mathbf { K } _ { 3 }$ -EDTA P/B: $\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 3 0 \mathbf { x } + 0 . 0 0 0$ b $\mathbf { r } = 1 . 0 0 0$ E Serum vs. Gel Separation P/B: $\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 0 0 \mathbf { x } - 0 . 0 1 0$ =1.000

# Page 15 of 16

# 510(k) Summary for Tina-quant Cystatin C Test System! Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

Expected   
values/   
reference range

Age 21-77 0.61 - 0.95 mg/L

Samples of subjects from US panel of healthy subjects were used as a reference population $( n = 2 7 3 )$ measured with Roche Tina-quant Cystatin C Gen.2. They were evenly distributed across gender and age between 21 and 77 years.

The analysis of the data with the $2 . 5 \%$ and the $9 7 . 5 ~ \%$ percentile gave a Cystatin C range for from $0 . 6 1 ~ \mathrm { m g / L }$ to $0 . 9 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / L }$ .

# Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision.

ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS   
KHOA TRAN   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS CONSULTANT   
9115 HaGUE ROAD   
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250-0416

Re: K141143 TradeDevice Name: Tina-quant Cystatin C Gen.2 Assay, C.f.a.s (Calibrator for automated systems) Cystatin C, Cystatin C Control Set Gen. 2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1225 Regulation Name: Creatinine test system Regulatory Class: I1 Product Code: NDY, JIT, JJX Dated: May 1, 2014 Received: May 2, 2014

Dear Mr. Khoa Tran:

We have reviewed your Section $\mathfrak { s l o } ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II1 (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2-Mr. Tran

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 89 please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its tol-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
htp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.Also. please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part .F  rh n CFR Part 803). please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarkel Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address htp:/www.fda.gov/McdicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htum.

# Sincerely yours, Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias. Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Hlealth Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# T

Indications for Use (Describe)

i RH   .

# Calibrator:

clinical chemistry analyzers as specified in the value sheets.

# Control:

specified in the value sheets.

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

)O NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOV

The burden tmeor thiscollection  infomation is estimated toaverage7hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and malntain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect oinoration colectincludi sggestins orreducngh urd

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."