NOVA BIOMEDICAL CORPORATION   
PAUL MACDONALD   
CHIEF QUALITY AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS OFFICER   
200 PROSPECT ST   
WALTHAM MA 02454

Re: K141907 Trade/Device Name: Stat Profile $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Prime CCS Analyzer System, Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge CCS, Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS, Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCS/CCS Comp and Nova Linearity Standard Set A Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1120 Regulation Name: Blood gases (PCO2, PO2) and blood pH test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CHL, JGS, CEM, JFP, CGZ, CGA, GKF, KHP, JIX, JJS Dated: April 24, 2015 Received: April 27, 2015

Dear Mr. Paul Macdonald:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements

Page 2—Mr. Paul Macdonald

as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For:

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health   
Device Name   
Stat Profile $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Prime CCS Analyzer System, Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge CCS, Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/   
CCS,Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCS/CCS Comp, Nova Linearity Standard Set A Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use by health care professionals in clinical laboratory settings and for point-of-care usage for quantitative determination of pH, PCO2, PO2, Hct, $\mathrm { N a + }$ . $\mathrm { K } +$ , Cl-, iCa, Glu (Glucose), and Lac (Lactate) in heparinized whole blood.

PC02,P02,pH: Whole blood measurement of certain gases in whole blood,or $\mathrm { p H }$ of whole blood,is used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.

ct: Whole blood measurements of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample are used to distinguish normal from bnormal states,such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells).

$\mathrm { N a + }$ : Sodium measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism,diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease,dehydration,or diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

$\mathrm { K } +$ : Potassium Measurement is used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high potassium levels.

Cl-: Chloride measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic ibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

iCa: Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease,a variety of bone diseases,chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).

Glu: Glucose measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbances including diabetes mellitus,neonatal hypoglycemia,and idiopathic hypoglycemia,and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

Lac: Lactate (lactic acid) measurement is used to evaluate the acid-base status of patients suspected of having lactic acidosis.

The Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge CCS is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.

The Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.

The Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCS is intended for the calibration of pH, PCO2, PO2, Hct, Na+, $\mathrm { K } +$ , Cl‐, iCa, Glucose and Lactate using the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.

Linearity Standard Set A is intended for in vitro diagnostic use with Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzers to verify calibration, analytical linearity, estimate test imprecision, and detect systematic analytical deviations that may arise from calibrator cartridge or analytical instrument variation.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

510(k) Number: K141907   
510(k) Owner: Nova Biomedical Corporation Registration Number: 1219029   
Address: 200 Prospect St.   
Waltham, MA 02454   
Phone: 781-894-0800   
Fax Number: 784-891-4806   
Contact Person: Paul W. MacDonald   
Date Prepared: 22 May, 2015

Proprietary Name: Stat Profile® Prime CCS Analyzer System, Stat Profile Prime Auto QC cartridges CCS, Ampuled Control ABG/CCS, Calibrator Cartridge CCS/CCS Comp, and the Nova Linearity Standard Set A

Common or Usual Name: Blood Gas/Electrolyte/Metabolite/CO-Oximetry Analyzer

Classification Name: Multiple

Classification Names:   
Blood Gases and Blood pH system   
Sodium Test System   
Potassium Test System   
Calcium Test System   
Chloride Test System   
Glucose Test System   
Instrument, Hematocrit, Automated   
Lactic Acid Test System   
Calibrators   
Quality Control Materials

Class No. Reg. No. Class   
75CHL 862.1120 II   
75JGS 862.1665 II   
75CEM 862.1600 II   
75JFP 862.1145 II   
75CGZ 862.1170 II   
75CGA 862.1345 II   
81GKF 864.5600 II   
75KHP 862.1450 I   
75JIX 862.1150 II   
75JJS 862.1660 I

Product Codes: CHL, JGS, CEM, JFP, CGZ, CGA, GKF, JIX, JJS, KHP

Predicate Device: K131703 - Nova Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System (including controls, calibrators and linearity standards)

# Device Description:

The Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer is a small, low cost blood gas, metabolite and electrolyte analyzer for laboratory use. The sensors and flow path have been integrated into one replaceable microsensor card, which is replaced periodically according to usage. The product, consumables, installation instructions and packaging are designed for easy customer installation.

Whole blood specimens are aspirated into the analyzer’s microsensor card from syringes, tubes, or capillary blood collection devices using a peristaltic pump and a sampling probe. The disposable microsensor card contains the analytical flow path and all of the measurement sensors (pH, PCO2, PO2, Hct, $\Nu a +$ , $\mathsf { K } +$ , Cl-, iCa, Glu (Glucose) and Lac (Lactate). Once the analysis measurement is complete, the whole blood specimen is automatically flushed out of the microsensor card flow path and into a self-contained waste collection bag contained within the disposable calibrator cartridge.

The Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer will have an enhanced test menu and multiple quality control options. Both traditional Internal and External liquid QC shall be offered, as well as an onboard Quality Management System (QMS), an electronic monitoring approach that insures the analyzer is working properly.

As with the predicate, the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer is microprocessor-based and incorporates:

traditional sensor technology to measure blood ${ \mathsf { p O } } _ { 2 }$   
ion selective electrode technology to measure pH, ${ \mathsf { p C O } } _ { 2 }$ , blood sodium, potassium,   
chloride, and ionized calcium   
enzyme/Amperometric technology for glucose measurements

Liquid quality control materials are available as internal auto-cartridge quality control packs and as external ampules. The sampling, calibration and quality control functions are fully automated.

Internal Calibration standards with dissolved gases are provided in sealed pouches eliminating the need for users to calibrate the blood gas electrodes using external compressed gas cylinders. The Calibration Cartridges contain aqueous solutions within individual flexible bags housed in a cardboard box and a flexible waste bag. Each bag includes a fitment with septa that is pierced during the insertion of the cartridge into the analyzer. The Calibration Cartridge aqueous solutions allow for 2 point calibration of each parameter as follows:

• Calibrator A - pH, $\mathsf { P C O } _ { 2 }$ , Na, K, Cl, iCa, Glu and Lactate $( \mathsf { V o l u m e } > 5 0 0 \mathsf { m L } )$ Calibrator B - pH, $\mathsf { P O } _ { 2 }$ , Na, K, Cl, iCa, Glu and Lactate (Volume $>$ 250 mL) Calibrator $\mathsf { F } - \mathsf { P C O } _ { 2 }$ , $\mathsf { P O } _ { 2 }$ (Volume $>$ 720 mL)   
• Reference Solution - KCI (Volume $> 3 0 0 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ )

The external glass ampule controls contain a buffered bicarbonate solution with a known pH and known levels of Na, K, Cl, iCa, Glucose (Glu) and Lactate. The solutions are equilibrated with known levels of O2, CO2, and N2. Each ampule contains $1 . 7 \ : \mathsf { m l }$ volume.

The internal auto QC cartridge consists of 3 flexible bags within a cardboard carton. Each bag contains an aqueous quality control material for monitoring the measurement of pH, PCO2, PO2, hematocrit (Hct) Na, K, Cl, iCa, Glucose (Glu) and Lactate. The aqueous quality control materials are composed of a buffered bicarbonate solution, each with a known pH and known level of Na, K, Cl, iCa, Glucose (Glu) and Lactate. Solutions are equilibrated with known levels of O2, CO2, and N2. Each bag contains a minimum volume of $1 0 0 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ . The aqueous quality control materials are formulated at three levels:

Control 1: Acidosis, with High Electrolyte, Low Normal Glu, and Lactate Control 2: Normal pH, Low-Normal Hct, Normal Electrolyte, High Glu, and Lactate Control 3: Alkalosis, High Hct, Low Electrolyte, High Abnormal Glu, and Lactate

Linearity Standard Set A consists of ampuled buffered solutions containing $\mathtt { C a + + }$ , Glu, Lactate, $\mathsf { K } +$ , and Cl-. Each ampule contains $1 . 8 \mathsf { m }$ volume.

The Stat Profile Analyzer accepts Lithium heparin whole blood sample from syringes, open tubes, small cups, and capillary tubes. The minimum sample size for both syringe and capillary samples analysis is 100 μL.

# Measured Parameters:

The Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer measures pH, PCO2, PO2, Hct, $\Nu \sf { a } +$ , $\mathsf { K } +$ , Cl-, iCa, Glu and Lactate (Note: Glucose and Lactate are optional).

# Calculated Parameters:

pH, $P C O _ { 2 }$ , $P O _ { 2 }$ (corrected to patient temperature)   
• Bicarbonate level $( \mathsf { H C O } _ { 3 ^ { - } } )$ Total Carbon Dioxide $( \mathsf { T C O } _ { 2 } )$   
• Base Excess of the blood (BE-b) Base Excess of extracellular fluid (BE-ecf) Standard Bicarbonate Concentration (SBC)   
• Oxygen Content $( \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } \mathsf { C } \mathtt { t } )$   
• Oxygen Capacity $( \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } \mathsf { C a p } )$   
• Alveolar Oxygen (A)   
• Arterial Alveolar Oxygen Tension Gradient $( \mathsf { A a D O } _ { 2 } )$ )   
• Arterial Alveolar Oxygen Tension Ratio (a/A) Respiratory Index (RI) P50 $P 0 _ { 2 } / \mathsf { F } | \mathsf { O } _ { 2 }$ ratio Oxygen Saturation $( \mathsf { S O } _ { 2 } \% )$ ) Hemoglobin Anion Gap Normalized Calcium, nCa

# Intended Use:

The Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use by health care professionals in clinical laboratory settings and for point-of-care usage for the quantitative determination of pH, $P C O _ { 2 }$ , $P O _ { 2 }$ , Hct, ${ \mathsf { N a } } ^ { - }$ , $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ , Cl- , iCa, Glu (Glucose), and Lac (Lactate) in heparinized whole blood.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2,PO2,pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood measurement of certain gases in whole blood, or pH of whole blood, isused in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood measurements of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample are usedto distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (anincrease in the number of red cells).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetesinsipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison&#x27;s disease, dehydration, or diseases involvingelectrolyte imbalance.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Measurement is used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis andtreatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high potassium levels.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte andmetabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>liCa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease,a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscularcontractions or spasms).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydratemetabolism disturbances including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, andidiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate (lactic acid) measurement is used to evaluate the acid-base status of patientssuspected of having lactic acidosis.</td></tr></table>

Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge CCS is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.

Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.

Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCS is intended for the calibration of pH, $P C O _ { 2 }$ , $P O _ { 2 }$ , Hct, ${ \mathsf { N } } { \mathsf { a } } ^ { + }$ , $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ , Cl- , iCa, Glucose, and Lactate, using the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.

Linearity Standard Set A is intended for in vitro diagnostic use with Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzers to verify calibration, analytical linearity, estimate test imprecision, and detect systematic analytical deviations that may arise from calibrator cartridge or analytical instrument variation.

# Summary of the Technological Characteristics:

The Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared for market Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System in intended use. It uses the same sensor technology and measurement algorithms, and the formulations of the internal and external controls and the calibration cartridge are the same for the tested parameters. The linearity standards for use with the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer are identical to those cleared for use with the predicate Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System.

# Summary of Performance Testing:

Testing was completed to demonstrate that the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer is substantially equivalent in performance, safety and efficacy to the Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Analyzer System.

In this submission, only Lactate data for detection limit, linearity, and interference/specificity was reviewed and cleared. Performance data for all other analytes was presented and reviewed in the predicate device submission (K131703 - Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer).

# Method Comparison

Method comparison studies were performed. A minimum of 150 whole blood specimens were analyzed for each parameter in syringe collection devices. Some samples were altered in order to achieve the hard-to-find sample range. The samples were analyzed on each of the Stat Profile Prime CCS analyzers and on each of the pHOx Ultra analyzers. The Stat Profile Prime CCS results for each analyzer were compared to the average of the 2 results from the pHOx Ultra comparative method.

Table 1: Syringe method comparison study results vs. the predicate device (Stat Profile pHOx Ultra)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestParameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample range tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.523 - 7.862 pH units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0099</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9985</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4 - 200.0 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9854</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9344</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9977</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.5 - 593.2 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9897</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4508</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9988</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12-70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0445</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.9271</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9889</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.5 - 195.7 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.2841</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9955</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11 - 19.75 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0371</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - 2.48 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9880</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0457</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9974</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.8 - 189.3 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9955</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 - 474 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.6844</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9892</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4-17.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9841</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0937</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9974</td></tr></table>

Whole blood patient samples were evaluated to demonstrate that syringe sample mode and capillary sample mode are equivalent. The syringe sample was analyzed directly using the syringe mode. After the measurement, samples were transferred from the syringe into the capillary tube and then analyzed using the capillary mode. Approximately 100 whole blood samples were analyzed for each parameter. The capillary test result was compared to the syringe test result and linear regression analysis was performed. Results are summarized in the table below.

Table 2: Method Comparison Results – Capillary vs. Syringe   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>total #samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sample rangetested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pHpH units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.787 - 7.683</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0721</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9988</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7 - 111.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4347</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9989</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.5 - 435.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9942</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1791</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 - 69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0485</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9963</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nammol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.0 - 198.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1711</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9978</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kmmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70 - 19.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9966</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0934</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCammol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33 - 2.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0603</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9855</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CImmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.8 - 197.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9897</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1776</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glumg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 - 488</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9855</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4734</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lacmmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1 - 18.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9994</td></tr></table>

# Specificity / Interference Testing Protocol:

Li-heparin whole blood samples were used in the interference study. For the initial testing, each interferent was spiked at 20 times the recommended concentration by CLSI EP-7 A2. Each sample containing interferent was evaluated against the same whole blood sample without the interferent. If interference was observed, a dose response study was performed at two analytes concentrations (low and high) to determine the highest substance concentration where no interference was observed. The sponsor’s definition of significant interference is $\pm 1 0 \%$ bias for Lactate. The following table represents substances that were tested without demonstrating a significant interference on test results:

Table 3: Substances Tested for Lactate Interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Concentration Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetoacetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.62 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ammonium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.0 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzylkonium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BetaHydroxybutyrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dobutamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine Hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.87 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucosamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.0 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maltose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mannose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Thiocyanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,064 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pyruvate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>309 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.34 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Bromide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Citrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Oxalate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiocyanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xylose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

The following table represents substances that were tested that demonstrated a significant interference on test results:

Table 4: Lactate Interfering Substances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofinterferingsubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Glycolic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias of 11.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hydroxyurea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias of 20.1%</td></tr></table>

Determination of Limit of Detection: Limit of Detection was determined by obtaining the standard deviation of sample measurements from repeated measurements of samples with a relevant low concentration. Three blood samples with low level lactate concentration were used to estimate the limit of detection.

Table 5: Lactate Limit of Detection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Limit of Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageTotal Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcceptanceCriteria forTotal Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClaimedMeasurementRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70 mg/dL0.30 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.60 mg/dL0.40 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.60 mg/dL0.40 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 - 178.6 mg/dL0.4 - 20.0 mmol/L</td></tr></table>

Lactate Linearity: Samples were prepared by tonometering, spiking or diluting whole blood to span the analytical measurement range for lactate. Each blood level sample was analyzed in triplicate on each of the three (3) test analyzers and on the pHOx Ultra analyzers. The pHOx Ultra analyzers were used to establish the target value of each blood level for lactate.

Table 6: Lactate Linearity Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="7">Individual Analyzer Performance Data</td></tr><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>total # levels</td><td>Specimen</td><td>Analyze</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Lac</td><td rowspan="3">11</td><td>range</td><td>r</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>0.2 - 24.9</td><td>#1</td><td>0.9946</td><td>0.1178</td><td>0.9992</td></tr><tr><td>0.2 - 24.7 0.2 - 24.8</td><td>#2 #3</td><td>0.9920 0.9911</td><td>0.1431 0.2117</td><td>0.9994 0.9993</td></tr></table>

# Point-of-Care

A Point-of-Care study was conducted to demonstrate that the system was safe and effective for use in the POC setting. The testing compared results obtained by trained Healthcare Professionals to results obtained by POC personnel on the same specimens using the same analyzer. The Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer was evaluated by point-of-care (POC) personnel in 3 POC sites including a cardiovascular intensive care unit (CVICU), a medical intensive care unit (MICU) and a trauma/neuro intensive care unit. A total of 43 respiratory therapy and 10 Nursing POC personnel participated from the 3 POC settings over the course of the study. The personnel represent trained, qualified staff found in typical POC sites where blood gas analyzers are utilized. All testing was performed using discarded blood gas specimens.

Combined data from all 3 POC settings is summarized in Tables 7 and 8.

Table 7: Prime CCS: POC v Trained Healthcare Professional (THP) - Syringe Mode   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole BloodRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.874 - 7.665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.983</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1 - 195.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2 -714.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12-70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.395</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.985</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>229</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.2 - 192.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10 - 18.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.974</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26 - 2.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.0 - 188.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17-478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.517</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 - 19.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.093</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr></table>

Table 8: Prime CCS: POC v Trained Healthcare Professional (THP) - Capillary Mode   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole BloodRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.881 - 7.780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.962</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 - 181.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.899</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.8 - 597.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 -68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.978</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.984</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.2 - 197.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15 - 19.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32 -2.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.9 - 188.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.710</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15- 484</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 - 18.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr></table>

# Total Imprecision Performance

The total imprecision data included in the following table was obtained from different POC site personnel running 3 levels of Stat Profile Prime External Quality Control material (Levels 1-3) in duplicate each day for a total of 20 runs on 3 Stat Profile Prime CCS analyzers. The protocol was based upon methods described in CLSI "Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline-Second edition," CLSI EP5-A2. The test data is representative of the expected total imprecision between analyzer performance obtainable by POC personnel using the Stat Profile Prime CCS analyzer using external quality control materials.

Table 9: Prime CCS: Total Imprecision Results – Combined – External Controls   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Combined Total Imprecision Data - Level 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PooledMean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within RunSD (Sr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalImprecisionS)(st)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalImprecision%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Combined Total Imprecision Data - Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.368</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Combined Total Imprecision Data - Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>318.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Combined Total Imprecision Data - Low Hematocrit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr></table>

Table 10: Comparison of Predicate and Proposed devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=2>CharacteristicIndication For Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed: Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use by health care professionals in clinical laboratorysettings for the quantitative determination of pH, PCO2, PO2, Hct,Na+, K+, Cl-, iCa, and Glu (Glucose), in heparinized whole blood.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System isintended for in vitro diagnostic use by health careprofessionals in clinical laboratory settings and forpoint-of-care usage for the quantitative determination ofpH, PCO2, PO2, Hct, Na*, K†, Cl, iCa, Glu (Glucose),and Lac (Lactate) in heparinized whole blood.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2,PO2,pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood measurement of blood gases is used in thediagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-basedisturbances in critically ill patients with numerous metabolicand pulmonary diseases.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood measurements of hematocrit are used toestimate that red blood cells are present in sufficientquantity to carry oxygen and carbon dioxide.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium measurement is used in the diagnosis andtreatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenalhypertension, Addison&#x27;s disease, dehydration, or diseasesinvolving electrolyte imbalance.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Measurement is used to monitor electrolytebalance in the diagnosis and treatment of diseaseconditions characterized by low or high potassium levels.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride measurement is used in the diagnosis andtreatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such ascystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lonized Calcium measurement is used in the diagnosis andtreatment of hypertension, renal disease, and vitamin Drelated disorders. Also useful in the diagnosis and treatmentof patients with increased total protein and/or albuminlevels, as in dehydration.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Page 11 of 14   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed: Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose measurement is used in the diagnosis andtreatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbancesincluding diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, andidiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cellcarcinoma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate (lactic acid) measurement is used to evaluate theacid-base status of patients suspected of having lacticaacidosis.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcceptableSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lithium heparinized whole blood from syringes, open tubes, smallcups, and capillary tubes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volumes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100μL (syringe and capillary)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6.500-8.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.0 -200 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5-765 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>12%-70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80-200 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0-20.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>50-200 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa (Ca**)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.20-2.70 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>15-500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.3-20.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principles ofMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Hydrogen ion-selective sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed: Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Severinghaus-type sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polarographic Clark-type sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Impedance sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium ion-selective sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium ion-selective sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloride ion-selective sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa (Ca**)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium ion-selective sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase Enzymatic sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactate Oxidase Enzymatic sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch Screen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7" VGA full color display with LED backlight and integrated touchpanel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Menu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fully configurable test menu based on above sensors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bar Code Scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Integrated 1D/2D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Printer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2" Roll, Thermal Transfer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pump</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peristaltic Pump w/ Pressure Plate, TPE Tubing (Pharmed BPT)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analog Board</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision low level analog front end w/ amperometric andpotentiometric amplifiers, air detector circuitry and temperaturecontrol circuitry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed: Stat Profile Prime CalibratorCartridge CCS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication For Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCS is intended for thecalibration of pH, PCO2, PO2, Hct, Na*, K+, Cl, iCa, and Glucose using theStat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCSis intended for the calibration of pH, PCO2, PO2,Hct, Na*, K*, Cl, iCa, Glucose (Glu), and Lactate(Lac) using the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Settings</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Laboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Laboratories and/or Point Of Care</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 level calibration standards per analyte, and reference solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Packaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid in Mylar bags inside cardboard container. Includes a wastecollection bag. Self-contained, disposable packaging.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge CCS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed: Stat Profile Prime Auto QCCartridge CCS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication For Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge CCS is a quality control materialintended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals formonitoring the performance of the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Settings</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Laboratories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Laboratories and/or Point Of Care</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 level aqueous electrolyte, metabolite and gas solutions.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cartridge: Solution in Mylar bags inside cardboard container. Includes awaste collection bag. Self-contained, disposable packaging.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed: Stat Profile Prime AmpuledControl ABG/CCS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication For Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS is a quality controlmaterial intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals formonitoring the performance of Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Settings</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Laboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Laboratories and/or Point Of Care</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 level aqueous electrolyte, metabolite and gas solutions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Packaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampules: Each glass ampule contains 1.7 ml volume.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate: K131703 Linearity Standard Set A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed: Linearity Standard Set A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication For Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Linearity Standard Set A is intended for in vitro diagnostic use withStat Profile Prime CCS Analyzers to verify calibration, analytical linearity,estimate test imprecision, and detect systematic analytical deviations thatmay arise from calibrator cartridge or analytical instrument variation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Settings</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Laboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Laboratories and/or Point Of Care</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 level aqueous solutions in glass ampules. Contain electrolyte, metaboliteand gas solutions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Packaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampules: Each glass ampule contains 1.8 ml volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The results of software validation and performance verification testing confirmed that the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer is safe and effective for its intended purpose and that the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System (K131703).