Re: K141463 Trade/Device Name: LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D; LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Control Set; LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibration Verifiers Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1825 Regulation Name: Vitamin D test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: MRG, JJX Dated: November 12, 2014 Received: November 13, 2014

Dear Ms. Carol Depouw:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K141463

Device Name LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Control Set LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibration Verifiers

Indications for Use (Describe) The LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D is an in vitro chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) intended for the quantitative determination of 1,25 dihydroxyvitamin (1,25(OH)2D) in serum, EDTA and Lithium Heparin plasma. Results of the 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D are used in the assessment of vitamin D sufficiency. Assay results should be used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory data to assist the clinician in making individual patient managemen decisions in adult populations. The test is to be performed on the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL Analyzer.

The LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Control Set is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay.

The LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibration Verifiers are assayed quality control materials intended for the quantitative verification of calibration and reportable range of the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Control Set LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibration Verifiers

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

1. 510(k) Number: K141463

2. Applicant: Carol A. DePouw DiaSorin Inc. 1951 Northwestern Avenue, Stillwater, MN 55082-0285 Office Number: 651-351-5850; Fax Number: 651-351-5669 Email: carol.depouw@diasorin.com

3. Date: May 30, 2014

# 4. Proprietary and Established Names:

LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Control Set LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibration Verifiers

# 5. Regulatory Information:

LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D

Regulation Section: 21 CFR 862.1825   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: MRG   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75)

LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Control Set LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibration Verifiers

Regulation Section: 21 CFR 862.1660 Classification: Class I, reserved Product Code: JJX Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75)

# 6. Predicate Devices:

The predicate device used to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D is the DiaSorin 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D 125I RIA previously cleared under k014030.

The predicate device used to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D is the LIAISON® N-TACT® PTH Gen II Control Set previously cleared under k132515.

The predicate device used to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibration Verifiers is the LIAISON® N-TACT® PTH Gen II Calibration Verifiers previously cleared under k132515.

# 7. Device Description:

The LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay is a modified three-step sandwich assay that uses a recombinant fusion protein for capture of the 1,25 $( \mathsf { O H } ) _ { 2 }$ D molecule and a murine monoclonal antibody which specifically recognizes the complex formed by the recombinant fusion protein with the $1 , 2 5 ( \mathsf { O H } ) _ { 2 }$ D molecule. Results are determined by a 2 point calibration conversion of the master curve to a working curve. The light signal is measured by a photomultiplier as relative light units (RLU) and is proportional to the concentration of $1 , 2 5 ( \mathrm { O H } ) _ { 2 }$ D present in the calibrators, controls or patient samples.

LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Control set contains;

2 levels controls containing human serum spiked with $1 , 2 5 ( \mathsf { O H } ) _ { 2 } \mathsf { D } _ { \mathrm { i } }$ , and preservatives; 2 vials each level; lyophilized

The target concentration for control level 1 is $3 5 ~ { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { g } } / { \mathsf { m L } }$ . The target concentration for control Level 2 is $1 2 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m L }$

The range of concentrations of each control is reported on the certificate of analysis provided with each LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Control set.

LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibration Verifier set contains:

 4 levels containing human serum spiked with 1,25 $( \mathsf { O H } ) _ { 2 } \mathsf { D }$ , and preservatives, 1 vial each level, lyophilized

The target concentration for cal verifier A is $1 5 \ : \mathsf { p g } / \mathsf { m L }$ .   
The target concentration for cal verifier B is $4 0 \ p \mathsf { g / m L }$ .   
The target concentration for cal verifier C is $8 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m L }$ .   
The target concentration for cal verifier D is $1 5 0 p { \mathsf { g } } / { \mathsf { m L } }$ .

The range of concentrations of each calibration verifier is reported on the certificate of analysis provided with each LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibration Verifier set.

# 8. Intended Use:

The LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D is an in vitro chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) intended for the quantitative determination of 1,25 dihydroxyvitamin $( 1 , 2 5 ( \mathsf { O H } ) _ { 2 } \mathsf { D } )$ in serum, EDTA and Lithium Heparin plasma. Results of the 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D are used in the assessment of vitamin D sufficiency. Assay results should be used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory data to assist the clinician in making individual patient management decisions in adult populations. The test is to be performed on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer.

The LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Control Set is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay.

The LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibration Verifiers are assayed quality control materials intended for the quantitative verification of calibration and reportable range of the LIAISON® XL1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay.

# 9. Indication(s) for Use:

Same as Intended Use

# 10.Substantial Equivalence Information:

The LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D, LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D controls and LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibration Verifiers are prepackaged reagents for use on an automated clinical chemistry analyzer. The DiaSorin 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D $^ { 1 2 5 } |$ RIA consists of prepackaged reagents for nonautomated manual use. A comparison of the similarities and differences between the devices are provided in the following table:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Assay Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceLIAISON® XL 1,25Dihydroxyvitamin D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device1,25-Dihydroxyvitamin D151 RIA(K014030)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro quantitative determinationof 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro quantitative determinationof 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,25(OH) D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,25(OH) D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary extraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-point calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Five-point calibration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration interval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">every run</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 levels</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rabbit polyclonal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">in refrigerator @ 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 - 200 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 - 200 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, SST serum, EDTA Plasma,and Lithium Heparin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and EDTA Plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ManufacturersControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.9 - 79.3 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.1 - 66.1 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Control Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceLIAISON® XL 1,25 DihydroxyvitaminD Control Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceLIAISON® N-TACT® PTH Gen IIControl Set (K132515)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>intended for use as assayed qualitycontrol samples to monitor theperformance of the LIAISON® XL1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>intended for use as assayed qualitycontrol samples to monitor theaccuracy and precision of theLIAISON® N-TACT® PTH Gen II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2-8°C until ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels: lyophilizedLevel 1 (approx 35 pg/mL)Level 2 (approx 120 pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels: lyophilizedLevel 1 (approx 20 pg/mL)Level 2 (approx 30 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Calibration Verifiers Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceLIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin DCalibration Verifiers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceLIAISON® N-TACT® PTH Gen IICalibration Verifiers (k132515)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>assayed quality control materialsintended for the quantitativeverification of calibration andreportable range of the LIAISON®XL1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>assayed quality control materialsintended for the quantitativeverification of calibration andreportable range of the LIAISON®N-TACT® PTH Gen II assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 levels; lyophilizedCal Ver A (approx 15 pg/mL)Cal Ver B (approx 40 pg/mL)Cal Ver C (approx 80 pg/mL)Cal Ver D ((approx 150 pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 levels; lyophilizedCal Ver A (approx 10 pg/mL)Cal Ver B (approx 150 pg/mL)Cal Ver C (approx 650 pg/mL)Cal Ver D (approx 1600 pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mLs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 11.Standard/guidance Document Reference:

CLSI Guideline EP5-A2, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods;  CLSI Guideline EP6-A, Evaluation of Linearity of Quantitative Analytical Methods; CLSI Guideline EP7-A2, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; CLSI Guideline EP09-A3 Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline CLSI Guideline EP17-A2 Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures;

CLSI Guideline EP28-A3, Defining, Establishing and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory.

# 12.Performance Characters:

# Method Comparison

A method comparison study comparing the LIAISON XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay to the DiaSorin 1,25-Dihydroxyvitamin D 125I RIAassay was performed on 141 samples following CLSI EP9-A3.

Mean results for the 1,25-Dihydroxyvitamin $\textsf { D } ^ { 1 2 5 } |$ RIA assay and the singlicate results for LIAISON XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D were plotted. Deming regression analyses were performed on the results across the range of the LIAISON XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Deming Regression</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.973</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.855 to 1.092</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.614</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7.475 to 4.248</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.918</td></tr></table>

# Sample Matrix Comparison

Fifty-two (52) matched patient sets of serum, SST serum, EDTA plasma, and Lithium Heparin plasma samples were tested to determine if these sample types provide equivalent results on the $\mathsf { L } | \mathsf { A } | \mathsf { S } \mathsf { O N } ^ { \circledast }$ XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay. The following results were obtained:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum vs.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interceptpg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SST Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 to 1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.285</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.08 to 0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9908</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 to 1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.321</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.15 to 1.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9975</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 to 1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.24 to 1.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9957</td></tr></table>

Reference Range It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own range of expected values.

To assess the expected reference range for the $\mathsf { L } | \mathsf { A } | \mathsf { S } \mathsf { O N } ^ { \circledast }$ XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D a study was performed with serum samples from 123 apparently healthy adults aged 21 -75 years of age from mixed ethnic backgrounds ( $4 8 \%$ dark skinned and $52 \%$ light skinned). Samples were collected in the winter $( 4 8 . 8 \% )$ and summer $( 5 1 . 2 \% )$ from subjects with normal Total Calcium, TSH, and PTH values from the northern, central and southern regions of the U.S. Based on the $9 5 \%$ Reference Interval, the following values were established following CLSI guideline C28-A3.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U.S. Subjects</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median1,25 (OH)2 D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observedd Range2.5th to 97.5thPercentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N=123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.8 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.9 - 79.3 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Precision

Precision testing was performed following CLSI Guideline EP5-A2, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline – Second Edition.

A coded panel comprised of 6 frozen serum samples (2 spiked, 4 native samples) 2 lots of LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D controls (2 levels) and 2 lots of LIAISON® XL

1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibration Verifiers were tested in the study. The precision panel samples and kit controls were tested on two lots of LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D in two replicates per run, 2 runs per day for 20 operating days for a total of 160 replicate results per sample. The 20 day results are summarized for the combined reagent lot numbers as sample mean 1,25 $( \mathsf { O H } ) _ { 2 }$ D concentration in $\mathsf { p } \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { m } \mathsf { L }$ , standard deviations and coefficient of variation $( \% C \backslash I )$ for Between lot and Total across lots.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>mean(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total(Across Lots)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrecSerum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrecSerum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrecSerum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrecSerum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrecSerum 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prec Serum 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal Ver A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal Ver B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal Ver C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal Ver D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr></table>

The following results were obtained from 1 lot of kit controls and the same 6 serum samples with one kit lot assayed in duplicate in two assays per day over 20 operating days.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intra-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL (Within-lot)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KC-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREC-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREC-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREC-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREC-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREC-6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td></tr></table>

Linearity Dilution Linearity:

One serum sample pool was diluted and analyzed by the LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay following CLSI EP6-A. The results were analyzed by regression of Observed 1,25 (OH)2 D Concentration versus Expected 1,25 (OH)2 D Concentration.

The resulting equation is: Observed 1,25 (OH)2 D = 0.981(Expected) $^ +$ 0.005;R=0.9994

# High Dose Hook Effect

Testing was conducted to determine if the LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay is susceptible to artificially low results in the presence of very high levels of $1 , 2 5 ( \mathsf { O H } ) _ { 2 } \mathsf { D }$ (Hook Effect). A zero sample was spiked with enough 1,25 (OH)2 D to equal concentrations above the assay measuring range of 200 pg/mL.

No hook effect was observed up to $5 0 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m L } }$ of 1,25 (OH)2 D .

# Recovery Study

Five (5) high concentration serum samples and 5 low concentration serum samples were analyzed neat on the LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay. Recovery samples were then prepared by mixing defined ratios of the high and low samples and tested in replicates of 5. The observed values were compared to the expected values to determine the $\%$ recovery.

<table><tr><td>Samples</td><td>Defined Concentration</td><td>Expected pg/mL</td><td>Observed pg/mL</td><td>% Recovery</td></tr><tr><td>High Sample 1 (HS1) 2 HS1 : 1 LS1</td><td>177.4</td><td rowspan="3">128.0</td><td>121.0</td><td>95%</td></tr><tr><td>1 HS1 : 1 LS1 1 HS1 : 2 LS1</td><td>102.6 77.2</td><td>97.3 73.0</td><td>95% 95%</td></tr><tr><td>Low Sample 1 (LS1)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>High Sample 2 (HS2)</td><td rowspan="3">203.6</td><td rowspan="3">151.7 125.0</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2 HS2 : 1 LS2 1 HS2 : 1 LS2</td><td>141.6 115.4</td><td>93%</td></tr><tr><td>1 HS2 : 2 LS2</td><td>89.8</td><td>92% 91%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan="3">46.3 181.6</td><td rowspan="3">98.2</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Low Sample 2 (LS2)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>High Sample 3 (HS3) 2 HS3 : 1 LS3</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>1 HS3 : 1 LS3</td><td>38.0</td><td rowspan="3">134.2 109.8</td><td>127.0 101.8</td><td>95% 93%</td></tr><tr><td>1 HS3 : 2 LS3</td><td>85.4</td><td>81.7</td><td>96%</td></tr><tr><td>Low Sample 3 (LS3)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>High Sample 4 (HS4)</td><td>201.6</td><td rowspan="3">143.0</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2 HS4 : 1 LS4</td><td></td><td>137.6</td><td>96%</td></tr><tr><td>1 HS4 : 1 LS4</td><td>112.9 82.7</td><td>105.4</td><td>93%</td></tr><tr><td>1 HS4 : 2 LS4</td><td>24.2</td><td rowspan="3"></td><td>77.4</td><td>94%</td></tr><tr><td>Low Sample 4 (LS4)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>High Sample 5 (HS5)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2 HS5 : 1 LS5</td><td>223.8</td><td rowspan="3">158.3</td><td>148.4</td><td>94%</td></tr><tr><td>1 HS5 : 1 LS5</td><td>124.6</td><td>111.8</td><td>90%</td></tr><tr><td>1 HS5 : 2 LS5</td><td>90.8</td><td>85.1</td><td>94%</td></tr></table>

Analytical Specificity Cross-Reactivity Studies CLSI Guideline EP7-A2, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline; Second Edition.

Controlled studies of potentially cross reacting substances were performed on the LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay at the concentrations listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpikedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CrossReactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,25 (OH)2 D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,25 (OH)2 D2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zemplar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25(OH)D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25(OH)D2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24,25$(OH)2 D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,26 (OH)D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-epi 25S (OH)D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin D2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensipar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr></table>

# Interference Studies

Controlled studies of potentially interfering endogenous substances performed in serum with 1,25 (OH)2 D levels up to 60 pg/mL showed no interference in the $\mathsf { L } | \mathsf { A } | \mathsf { S } \mathsf { O N } ^ { \circledast }$ XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D at the highest concentration for each substance listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug/Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Concentration atwhich no significantinterference( ≤ ±10%) was observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,0000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3774 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7310 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

Controlled studies of potentially interfering exogenous substances performed in serum with 1,25 (OH)2 D levels up to $6 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m L }$ showed no interference in the LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D at the highest concentration for each substance listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug/Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Concentration atwhich no significantinterference (≤ ±10%) wasobserved.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metaprolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propanolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valproic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spironolactone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nifedipine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verapamil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Losartan Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25sμg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valsartan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enalapril</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.4 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lisinopril</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7 µg/dL</td></tr></table>

Limit of Blank, Limit of Detection and Limit of Quantitation

The Limit of Blank, Limit of Detection and Limit of Quantitation were determined according to CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline June 2012 - Second Edition.

The following limits were determined with the LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Assay:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.35 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

Stability   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Storage Conditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claimed stability</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Integral</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>at 2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Binding Agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>at 2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial -Reconstituted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On system/Room temp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial -Reconstituted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration curve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial -Reconstituted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On system/Room temp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial -Reconstituted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Calibration Verifiers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial -Reconstituted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On system/Room temp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial -Reconstituted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days</td></tr></table>

# Traceability

The LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibrators, Controls and Calibration Verifiers are traceable to in-house standards prepared from certified reference material 1α, 25 dihydroxyvitamin D.

# Value Assignment

# Calibrators

A minimum of 5 vials of each level of calibrator are tested on a minimum of 3 LIAISON® XL Analyzers, in a minimum of 5 assay runs with six replicates per vial resulting in a minimum of 30 individual replicate results per calibrator level for final value assignment.

# Controls

A minimum of 10 vials of each level of control are tested on 2 different LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay kit lots on a minimum of 3 LIAISON® XL Analyzers, in a minimum of 5 assay runs with 4 replicates per vial resulting in a minimum of 40 individual replicate results per control level for final value assignment. Final control ranges are established based on $\pm 2$ Standard Deviations.

# Calibration Verifiers

A minimum of 10 vials of each level of calibration verifier are tested on 2 different LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D assay kit lots on a minimum of 3 LIAISON® XL Analyzers, in a minimum of 5 assay runs with 4 replicates per vial resulting in a minimum of 40 individual replicate results per level for final value assignment. Final calibration verifier ranges are established based on $\pm 2$ Standard Deviations.

# 13. Conclusion:

The LIAISON®XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D is substantially equivalent in principle and performance to the DiaSorin 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D $^ { 1 2 5 } \mathrm { \check { I } }$ RIA. Accuracy was demonstrated by a Method Comparison.

The LIAISON ® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Control Set and the LIAISON® XL 1,25 Dihydroxyvitamin D Calibration Verifiers are substantially equivalent in principle and performance to the LIAISON® N-TACT® PTH Gen II Control Set and LIAISON® N-TACT® PTH Gen II Calibration Verifiers, respectively.