ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS OPERATIONS (RDO)  
PATRICK STIMART  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS CONSULTANT  
9115 HAGUE ROAD  
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250

Re: K141925 Trade/Device Name: TPUC3 Total Protein Urine/CSF Gen.3 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1645 Regulation Name: Urinary protein or albumin (nonquantitative) test system Regulatory Class: I exempt, meets limitations of exemptions per 862.9 (c)(1)(4) Product Code: JIQ Dated: November 7, 2014 Received: November 10, 2014

Dear Mr. Patrick Stimart:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k141925

In vitro test for the quantitative determination of the total protein concentration in urine and cerebral spinal fluid.

Protein measurements in urine are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions such as renal or heart diseases, or thyroid disorders.

CSF protein measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of conditions such as meningitis, brain tumors, and infections of the central nervous systems.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Introduction

The following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence according to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

Note: There were no prior submissions for this device for which FDA provided feedback related to the data or information needed to support substantial equivalence.

# Applicant

This Special 510(k) premarket notification was prepared by Patrick Stimart from Roche Professional Diagnostics Regulatory Affairs and submitted on July 15, 2014.

Roche Diagnostics Operations c/o Patrick Stimart, Regulatory Affairs PO Box 50416 Indianapolis IN 46250-0416

Phone: 317-521-3954   
Fax: 317-521-2324   
e-mail: patrick.stimart@roche.com

# Candidate device

Proprietary name: TPUC3 Total Protein Urine/CSF Gen.3 Common name: Total Protein Urine/CSF

# Measurand

Total Protein

# Predicate device

The candidate device is a modification of the predicate device. The device name, TPUC3 Total Protein Urine/CSF Gen.3, is unchanged from how it was cleared in 510(k) K071239.

# Regulatory classification of device

Table 1: Regulatory Classification of Candidate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urinary protein or albumin test system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Produce Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1645</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Total Protein Urine/CSF Gen.3, Continued

Regulatory classification of device (Continued)

\*Although the regulation for this assay lists it as Class I, exempt from 510(k) requirements, a $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ submission is required because the Total Protein Urine/CSF Gen.3 assay meets the limitations for exemption found in 21 CFR 862.9 (c) 1 and 4.

Device description

The Total Protein Urine/CSF assay provides quantitative measurement of total protein that is present in human urine and cerebral spinal fluid (CSF). Measurement is accomplished using a turbidimetric method.

Reagents for the COBAS Integra 400 plus analyzer are packaged in a cobas c pack with two bottles labeled with their instrument positioning, Reagent R1 in position B and Reagent SR in position C.

R1 contains Sodium Hydroxide: 677 mmol/L; EDTA-Na: 74 mmol/L SR contains Benzethonium chloride: 32 mmol/L

# Intended use/indications for use

In vitro test for the quantitative determination of the total protein concentration in urine and cerebral spinal fluid.

Protein measurements in urine are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions such as renal or heart diseases, or thyroid disorders. CSF protein measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of conditions such as meningitis, brain tumors and infections of the central nervous systems.

Note: The intended use of the modified device, as described in its labeling, has not changed as a result of the modification.

Special   
conditions for   
use

For prescription use only

Special instruments required

# 510(k) Summary for Total Protein Urine/CSF Gen.3, Continued

# Device modification

The candidate device, Total Protein Urine/CSF Gen.3, has been modified from the predicate device with the addition of the following information to the Limitationsinterferences section of the labeling:

Patient samples containing greater than $6 . 4 \mathrm { g / L }$ of organically bound iodine from Radiopaque media (e.g. Hexabrix) may have falsely elevated results. High levels of homogentisic acid can be found in the urine of patients with the rare genetic disorder Alkaptonuria10. Homogentisic acid in urine samples at concentration greater than $1 . 2 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ can cause falsely elevated results. • There is no high dose hook effect at protein concentrations up to $1 0 0 \mathrm { g / L }$ .

# 510(k) Summary for Total Protein Urine/CSF Gen.3, Continued

# Similarities

The table compares features of the candidate device to the predicate device that was cleared in K071239.

Table 2: Similarities between Predicate and Candidate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceTotal Protein Urine/CSFGen.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceTotal Protein Urine/CSFGen.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intendeduse/indications foruse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In vitro test for thequantitative determination ofthe total protein concentrationin urine and cerebrospinalfluid on COBAS INTEGRAsystems.Protein measurements inurine are used in thediagnosis and treatment ofdisease conditions such asrenal or heart diseases, orthyroid disorders, which arecharacterized by proteinuriaor albuminuria.CSF protein measurementsare used in the diagnosis andtreatment of conditions suchas meningitis, brain tumorsand infections of the centralnervous systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turbidimetric method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine and cerebral spinalfluid (CSF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1: Sodium hydroxide 677mmol/L; EDTA-Na 74mmol/LSR: Benzethonium chloride32 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Total Protein Urine/CSF Gen.3, Continued

Similarities, continued   
Table 4: Similarities between Predicate and Candidate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 able 4. Slmarle</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceTotal Protein Urine/CSFGen.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceTotal Protein Urine/CSFGen.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrationinterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COBAS INTEGRA 400 plussystem:each cobas c packevery 43 daysas required followingquality controlprocedures</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability: This method hasbeen standardized against theNational Bureau of StandardsReference Material SRM-927using the biuret method forthe quantitation of protein.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf life at 15-25 °CSee expiration date on cobasc pack labelCOBAS INTEGRA 400 plussystemOn-board in use at 10- 15 °C12 weeks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 -2000 mg/L (4-200mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower detectionlimit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/L (4 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine: 24h: &lt; 150 mg/24 hCSF: 150-450 mg/L(15-45 mg/dL)Each laboratory shouldinvestigate the transferabilityof the expected values to itsown patient population and ifnecessary determine its ownreference ranges.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Total Protein Urine/CSF Gen.3, Continued

Differences   
Table 5: Differences between Predicate and Candidate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceTotal Protein Urine/CSFGen.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceTotal Protein Urine/CSFGen.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentplatform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COBAS Integra400/400+/700/800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COBAS Integra 400+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.f.a.s. TPUC 200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.f.a.s. PUC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use commercially availableurine and CSF proteincontrols or other suitablecontrol material.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precinorm PUC, PrecipathPUCIn addition, other suitablecontrol material can be used.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See predicate method sheet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate except forthe following additions:Patient samples containinggreater than 6.4 g/L oforganically bound iodinefrom Radiopaque media (e.g.Hexabrix) may have falselyelevated results.High levels of homogentisicacid can be found in the urineof patients with the raregenetic disorderAlkaptonuria 0.Homogentisic acid in urinesamples at concentrationgreater than 1.2 mmol/L cancause falsely elevated results.There is no high dose hookeffect at proteinconcentrations up to 100 g/L.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Total Protein Urine/CSF Gen.3, Continued

# Summary of performance data

Based on the risk analysis, the modifications to the Total Protein Urine/CSF Gen.3 did not introduce any new risks to the performance of the assay. To address the modifications, performance data from verification and validation testing demonstrated that all of the acceptance criteria were met.

# Testing of interference by radiopaque media

Testing is performed in pooled human urine samples at two different total protein levels on the Integra 400 plus analyzer. Each level is spiked with varying levels of the radiopaque media Hexabrix containing organically bound iodine (10 dilution steps per level) which were tested in triplicate and the median value was used to calculate $\%$ deviation from expected concentration.

Acceptance criterion: Deviation $\leq \pm 1 0 \%$

Results: At an organically bound Iodine concentration of $6 . 4 \ : \mathrm { g / L }$ ; Deviation $= 5 . 6 \%$ at level 1 $( 9 2 . 5 \mathrm { m g / L }$ total protein) Deviation $= 9 . 7 \%$ at level 2 $\mathbf { 9 6 1 \ m g / L }$ total protein)

The results meet the criterion of $\leq \pm 1 0 \%$ deviation at all concentrations tested up to and including $6 . 4 \ : \mathrm { g / L }$ of organically bound iodine, and thus support the claim of no interference up to $6 . 4 \ : \mathrm { g / L }$ of organically bound iodine from Radiopaque media.

# Testing of interference by Homogentisic acid

The same protocol as described for radiopaque media above except that human urine samples were spiked with homogentisic acid instead of Hexabrix.

Acceptance criterion: Deviation $\leq \pm 1 0 \%$

Results: At a homogentisic acid concentration of $1 . 2 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ Deviation $= 6 . 8 \%$ at level 1 $\mathrm { 1 0 7 { \ m g / L } }$ total protein) Deviation $= 6 . 9 \%$ at level 2 ( $1 1 8 0 \mathrm { m g / L }$ total protein)

The results meet the criterion of $\leq \pm 1 0 \%$ deviation at all concentrations tested up to and including $1 . 2 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ of homogentisic acid, and thus support the claim of no interference up to $1 . 2 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ of homogentisic acid.

# 510(k) Summary for Total Protein Urine/CSF Gen.3, Continued

# Testing for high dose hook effect

A pooled human urine sample was spiked with human Albumin up to a total protein concentration of $1 0 0 \mathrm { g / L }$ . A dilution series was prepared by diluting the sample with un-spiked pooled human urine sample. The samples were tested in triplicate. The median was calculated.

Acceptance criterion: No false result reported up to a protein concentration $1 0 0 \mathrm { g / L }$ All samples above the measuring range are flagged.

Results: No false result reported up to a protein concentration up to $1 0 0 \mathrm { g / L }$ . All samples above the measuring range are flagged as either being above the measuring range or above the absorbance limit.

The results meet the criterion of no false result reported up to a protein concentration $1 0 0 \mathrm { g / L }$ , and thus support the claim that there is no high dose hook effect at protein concentrations up to $1 0 0 \mathrm { g / L }$ .

# Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision. The differences between predicate and candidate do not impact the indications for use or technological characteristics.