# 510k Summary System Calibrator

1.0

# Submitted By:

Marguerita Sweeney   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Beckman Coulter Ireland, Inc.   
Lismeehan, O'Callaghan's Mills Co. Clare, Ireland   
Telephone: +353-65-683-1495   
Fax: +353-65-683-1122   
Email: msweeney@beckman.com   
Submitter Contact:   
David Davis   
250 S. Kraemer Blvd. E1. SE. 01   
Brea   
California   
92821, USA   
Telephone: (469) 236-8180   
Fax: (714) 961-4234   
Email:dgdavis@beckman.com

2.0 Date of preparation: May $2 3 ^ { n }$ ,2014

3.0 Device Name(s):

Proprietary Names: System Calibrator Common Name: System Calibrator Classification: 862.1150 Product Code: JIX

3.2 Classification Name Calibrator (21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1150)

4.0 Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Docket Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Calibrator 66300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SYNCHRON®Enzyme Validator441350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K951964</td></tr></table>

The System calibrator is substantially equivalent to the Beckman Coulter product listed above currently in commercial distribution.

# 5.0 Description:

The System calibrator kit is a lyophilized human serum based product intended to provide calibration for AU Enzyme reagents (ALP, ALT, AST, Amylase, CK-NAC, GGT and LDH) for the quantitative determination of the relevant analyte on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers.

The following is the kit configuration for the system calibrator: 66300 kit has 20 vials with 5 ml contents for Level 1.

The System calibrator is designed for optimal performance on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers.

The System calibrator contains lyophilized human serum with chemical additives, preservatives, and enzymes of human, animal and plant origin.

Biological materials of human origin contained in this product were tested for AntiHCV, HbsAg and Anti-HIV 1/2 on a single donor basis using FDA approved methods and was found to be non-reactive. As there is no known test method that can offer complete assurance that products derived from human blood will not transmit infectious agents, this product should be handled as a potentially infectious material.

# 6.0 Intended Use:

The System Calibrator is a calibration serum intended to be used for the calibration of ALP, ALT, AST, Amylase, CK-NAC, GGT and LDH enzymes on Beckman Coulter AU480, AU680 and AU5800 analysers.

.For In Vitro Diagnostic use only.

# 7.0 Comparison to Predicate(s):

The following tables shows similarities and differences between the predicate identified in Section 4.0 of this summary.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SYNCHRON® Enzyme Validator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The System Calibrator is acalibration serum intended to beused for the calibration of ALP,ALT, AST, Amylase, CK-NAC,GGT and LDH enzymes onBeckman Coulter AU480, AU680and AU5800 analysers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The SYNCHRON Enzyme ValidatorSet, in conjunction with specifiedenzyme assays on SYNCHRON®Systems, is intendedto provide points of reference in themeasurement of selected humanenzymes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyteConstituents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline PhosphataseAlanine AminotransferaseAmylaseAspartate AminotransferaseCreatinine KinaseGamma glutamyl transferaseLactate Dehydrogenase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline PhosphataseAlanine AminotransferaseAmylaseAspartate AminotransferaseCreatinine KinaseCholinesteraseGamma glutamyl transferaseLipaseLactate Dehydrogenase</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix Base</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SYNCHRON® Enzyme Validator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized human serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 Levels</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 x 5 ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 5ml of each level/kit.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage(Closed/Shelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Vial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 hours @ 2-8"C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 days @ -15C - -20°C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theoretical Extinction Co-efficient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IFCC method, DGKCh method andManufacturers working calibrator</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Performance Characteristics summary report as per FDA guidanc Abbreviate 510 (k) submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators"

8.1 Stability testing summary   
Stability studies have been performed to determine the open vial stability and shelf life for this calibrator. For Open Vial and Shelf Life Stability studies, Beckman Coulter utilized internal test procedures from CLSI EP25A entitled "Evaluation of stability of In Vitro diagnostic reagents".

Open vial Testing was performed using 3 individual calibrator lots and multiple time points throughout the open vial stability claim period on a representative AU Clinical Chemistry analyzer platform.

At each time point the test vial was run with freshly opened calibrator vial. 2 Levels of an appropriate control material were used to control the runs. All were tested in replicated of 5 at each time point. A maximum allowable drift of $\pm 5 \%$ was applied

Open Vial stability:

8 hours $\textcircled { \times } 2 - 8 ^ { 0 } C$

Shelf Life stability testing was carried out utilizing EP25A in order to support shelf life storage claim of 36 months when stored at $2 - 8 ^ { 0 } C$ Shelf Life stability testing was performed on 3 individual lots of calibrator at multiple time points. All testing was conducted on a representative AU Clinical Chemistry analyzer platform with the associated reagent test system. A maximum allowable drift of $\pm5 \%$ was applied. To ensure robustness of the shelf life claim the shelf life period was tested for 36 months plus at least one month after expire date claim.

Shelf Life stability: 36 months $\textcircled { \alpha } 2 . 8 ^ { 0 } C$

# 7.1 Value Assignment Summary

Value assignment testing was performed utilizing internal procedures and protocols to determine values that will be used to calibrate AU enzyme reagents as per IFU on Beckman Coulter AU480/680/5800 Clinical chemistry analyzer platforms. Multiple reagent lots and calibrator vials were used to incorporate reagent and calibrator variation. 10 replicates from 8 runs were performed to give a total of 80 data points per each individual reagent. Distinct runs with minimum gaps of 2 hours were performed and 8 calibration events were used to incorporate variation from calibration and environmental sources. The overall mean was calculated for each individual enzyme and assigned as the calibrator set point.

# 7.2 Traceability Summary

The System calibrator (66300) values were assigned using theoretical MB Factors. The calibration of each reagent is therefore traceable to the theoretical extinction coefficient as detailed on the individual reagent IFU's and in Table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theoretical Extinction Co-efficient</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amylase OSR6x06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11320</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALP OSR6x04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17900</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALT OSR6x07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4960</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AST OSR6x09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4960</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GGT OSR6x19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7453</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDH OSR6x27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4960</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-NAC OSR6x79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6300</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Conclusion:

The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical tests (discussed above) demonstrate that the System calibrator 66300 is as safe, as effective and performs as well as the predicate device. The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.

BECKMAN COULTER IRELAND INC DAVID DAVIS   
250 S. KRAEMER BLVD. E1.SE.01 BREA CA 92821

Re: K141388 Trade/Device Name: System Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1 150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIX Dated: May 23, 2014 Received: May 27, 2014

Dear Mr. David Davis:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( { \bf k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class IIl (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

I yu des peciic vic r ur devic on rabelg regulatins (21 FR Parts 801an ncei (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
hup:/ww.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.Also. pleasenote the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Par 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
hutp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internel address hup:/wwv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industrv/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias. Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

For In Vitro Diagnostic use only.

# Concurrnce of Canter fr Devioes and Radiological Heath (CDRH) (Signature)

Yung W. Chan -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1985.

\*Do not send your completed form to the pra staff email address beloy

The burden tm forhis collection of Information s estimated to average 79 hours per response, incuding the tme to review instructons, search exlsting data sources, gether and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of infomaton. Send comments regarding thls burden estimete or any other aspedt of this Information collection, induding suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chlei Information Officer Paperwork Reductlon Act (PRA) Steff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays e currenty valid OMB number."