SIEMENS HEALTHCARE DIAGNOSTICS INC. ASHA GARTLAND   
511 BENEDICT AVE.   
TARRYTOWN NY 10591

Re: K141772 Trade/Device Name: IMMULITE® 2000 Rubella Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material IMMULITE R ® 2000 H. pylori IgG Calibration Verification Material IMMULITE® 2000 Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: June 30, 2014 Received: July 1, 2014

Dear Ms. Gartland:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Sally A. Hojvat -S

Sally A. Hojvat, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K141772

# Device Name:

IMMULITE® 2000 Rubella Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material IMMULITE® 2000 H. pylori IgG Calibration Verification Material IMMULITE® 2000 Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material

# Indications for Use:

The IMMULITE® Rubella Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Rubella Quantitative IgG assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

The IMMULITE ${ \mathfrak { P } } _ { H }$ pylori IgG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE H. pylori IgG assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

The IMMULITE® Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

Prescription Use X And/Or Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

# Section 006: 510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence.

# The assigned 510(k) Number:

# k141772

1. Submitter Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

# Contact Person:

Asha Gartland   
Technical Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
(914)-524-3257   
(914)-524-2101   
asha.gartland@siemens.com   
June 30, 2014

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

2. Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand:

# IMMULITE® 2000 Rubella Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material

Type of Test:

Quality Control materials for IMMULITE® 2000 Rubella Quantitative   
IgG assay   
Calibration Verification Material (CVM) for IMMULITE® 2000   
Rubella Quantitative IgG assay   
21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX – Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)   
Microbiology (83)

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code: Panel:

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) K133128

4. Device Description:

The Calibration Verification Material (CVM) contains one set of four vials each $1 . 0 \mathrm { m L }$ . CVM1 contains negative Rubella IgG in human serum and a buffered bovine protein matrix with preservatives. CVM2, CVM 3 and CVM4 contain various levels of Rubella IgG in human serum and buffered bovine protein matrix with preservatives.

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below:   
The IMMULITE® Rubella Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Rubella Quantitative IgG assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s): Special Instrument Requirements:

For prescription use only

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 Rubella Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 RubellaQuantitative IgG CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 HCG CVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® RubellaQuantitative IgG CalibrationVerification Material (CVM) is for invitro diagnostic use in the verificationof calibration of the IMMULITERubella Quantitative IgG assay on theIMMULITE 2000 systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® HCG CalibrationVerification Material (CVM) is for invitro diagnostic use in the verificationof calibration of the IMMULITEHCG assay on the IMMULITE 2000systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤20°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until the expirationdate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 RubellaQuantitative IgG CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE 2000HCG CVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubella IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with Bovine protein andpreservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with preservatives</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Performance testing has been carried out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance specifications for its intended use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

# 7.1 Stability Summary:

The stability study was conducted to validate the real-time shelf life and In-Use (Open Component or open vial) claim for the IMMULITE 2000 Rubella Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the CVM before and after opening. The IMMULITE® 2000 Rubella Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Materials are stable up to up to 30 months (2.5 years) when stored at ${ } _ { - 2 0 } \mathrm { { \circ C } }$ prior to opening and for 8 hours at ambient or room temperature $( 1 5 . 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ after opening.

# 7.1.1 Stability Protocol Summary:

The CVM study protocols are run as part of the calibrator stability testing. The stability CVMs and reference CVMs are run in duplicate (as a minimum) at the time points shown in Table 2 and the dose value determined from the reference calibrator curve.

Table 2: Stability Time Points   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Time-Points (months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LRUBCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LRUBCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LRUBCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LRUBCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr></table>

For Open Component testing, the results are determined from 2-point adjustment. Using IMMULITE 2000 Rubella Quantitative IgG kit (L2KRUB) lot 432, CVM lot 090 were tested at 2- hourly intervals for up to 9 hours at ambient or room temperature $( 1 5 . 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ conditions.

# 7.1.2 Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:

The Acceptance Criteria for the IMMULITE Rubella IgG CVM are in 2 parts. Part 1 consists of guideline acceptance criteria which require dose value of stability calibrator/CVM levels 2 and 3 to fall between $\pm 1 5 \%$ of assigned dose and $\pm 2 0 \%$ of assigned dose for level 4. Part 2 review limits criteria require dose value of the controls to be within 2 Standard Deviation (SD) of the control target value when generated from the stability calibrator curve. If the result is not within acceptable dose range of $\pm 1 5 \%$ for levels 2 and 3 and $\pm 2 0 \%$ for level 4 then additional data review is conducted using part 2 criteria.The acceptance criterion is summarized in Table 3.

Table 3 Acceptance criteria for stability of IMMULITE 2000 Rubella Quantitative IgG CVM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssignedDose(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*Guideline Criteria% difference toassigned dose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable doserange(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>**ReviewLimits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LRUBCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5.00</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Controls arewithin 2SDof target oneach curve</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LRUBCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.65  10.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LRUBCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>245</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208  282</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LRUBCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>404 - 606</td></tr></table>

7.2 Traceability: The IMMULITE Rubella Quantitative IgG CVMs are traceable to WHO 1st IS RUBI-1-94. The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 7.3 Value Assignment:

IMMULITE Rubella Quantitative IgG CVMs are 4 level materials which are a subset of 7 level Rubella Quantitative IgG calibrators. Calibrators are not commercialized but are used internally during manufacture and release testing of Rubella Quantitative IgG reagents and two point adjustors.

The IMMULITE calibrators and therefore CVMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using Rubella Quantitative IgG antigen stock and are traceable to WHO 1st IS RUBI-1-94. Three levels of commercially available controls and 42 patient serum samples were used to validate calibrator/CVM value assignments.

The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures. The IMMULITE Rubella Quantitative IgG calibrators/CVMs were tested on 15 replicates in total, comprised of 5 runs, 3 replicates per run, 4 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The CVMs dose values are generated using curve generated by assigned reference calibrators. The CVM values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. CVM values are then averaged across all systems. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples and controls using the assigned CVM values. The controls must fall within their target ranges.

# 7.4 Expected Values/Reference Range:

Each CVM level was tested on 15 replicates in total comprised of 5 runs, 3 replicates per run, 4 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The Guideline Range $9 5 \%$ confidence interval) for each CVM level was established based on the Target Mean and $\pm \nobreakspace 2 \nobreakspace$ Standard Deviation (SD). The expected values are provided in the IMMULITE® 2000 CVM Calibration Verification Material lot-specific package insert.

The expected assay range is 5 to $4 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { I U / m L } }$ . The target values in Table 4 can be considered as guidelines.

Table 4: Target Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Analytetarget levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Mean(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviation(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline ±2SD Range(IU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LRUBCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LRUBCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LRUBCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LRUBCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>5 to 400 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot specific.

# Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents   
x Guidance for Industry – Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators   
x Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8. Conclusion:

The IMMULITE® 2000 Rubella Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the FDA cleared IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 Rubella Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

# 510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) Number: k141772

# 1. Submitter Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

# Contact Person:

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

Asha Gartland   
Technical Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
(914)-524-3257   
(914)-524-2101   
asha.gartland@siemens.com   
June 30th, 2014

2. Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

# IMMULITE® 2000 H. pylori IgG Calibration Verification Material

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code:

Quality Control material for IMMULITE® $2 0 0 0 \mathrm { H }$ . pylori IgG assay   
Calibration Verification Material (CVM) for IMMULITE® 2000   
H. pylori IgG assay   
21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX – Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)

# Panel:

Microbiology (83)

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) K133128

4. Device Description:

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ $2 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { H }$ . pylori IgG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) contains one $1 \ \mathrm { m L }$ vial. CVM 1 contains H. pylori IgG in human serum and a buffered bovine protein matrix with preservatives.

See Indications for Use Statement below   
The IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ H. pylori IgG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE H. pylori IgG assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s): Special Instrument Requirements:

For prescription use only

IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 H. pylori IgG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 H. pylori IgG CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 HCG CVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® H. pylori IgGCalibration Verification Material (CVM)is for in vitro diagnostic use in theverification of calibration of theIMMULITE H. pylori IgG assay on theIMMULITE 2000 systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® HCG CalibrationVerification Material (CVM) is for invitro diagnostic use in the verificationof calibration of the IMMULITEHCG assay on the IMMULITE 2000systems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤20°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until the expirationdate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 H. pylori IgG CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 HCG CVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H. pylori IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with Bovine protein andpreservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with preservatives</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Performance testing has been carried out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance specifications for its intended use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

# 7.1 Stability Summary:

The stability study was conducted to validate real-time shelf life and open component (in-use or open vial) for the IMMULITE $2 0 0 0 H .$ pylori IgG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the CVM, before and after opening.

The $H .$ pylori IgG Calibration Verification Material is stable up to 24 months (2 years) when stored at ${ } _ { - 2 0 } { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ prior to opening, and stable for 8 hours at ambient or room temperature (15- $2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ) after opening.

# 7.1.1 Stability Protocol Summary:

The CVM study protocols are run as part of the calibrator stability testing. The stability CVMs and reference CVMs are run in duplicate (as a minimum) at the time points shown in Table 2 and the dose value determined from the reference calibrator curve.

Table 2: Stability Time Points   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Time-Points (months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LHPGCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LHPGCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LHPGCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LHPGCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr></table>

For Open Component testing, the results are determined from 2-point adjustment. Using IMMULITE $2 0 0 0 \ H .$ pylori IgG (L2KHPG) kit Lot 341, the Lot 090 CVM was tested at 2- hourly intervals for up to 9 hours at ambient or room temperature $( 1 5 . 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ conditions.

7.1.2 Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:   
The Acceptance Criteria for the IMMULITE $H .$ . pylori IgG CVM criteria require the dose value of stability calibrator/CVM to fall within $\pm 1 0 \%$ of the assigned dose.

The acceptance criterion is summarized in Table 3.

Table 3 Acceptance criteria for stability of the IMMULITE 2000 H. pylori IgG CVM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssignedDose(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GuidelineCriteria% difference toassigned dose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptabledose range(U/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LHPGCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96 - 1.18</td></tr></table>

# 7.2 Traceability:

The IMMULITE H. pylori IgG CVM is traceable to an internal standard which has been gravimetrically prepared. The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 7.3 Value Assignment:

H. pylori IgG CVM is a single level material; one level of 7 level H. pylori IgG calibrators. Calibrators are not commercialized but are used internally during manufacture and release testing of H. pylori IgG reagents and two point adjustors.

The IMMULITE calibrators and therefore CVMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using H. pylori IgG antigen stock and are traceable to an internal material which has been gravimetrically prepared. Three levels of commercially available controls and 24 patient serum samples were used to validate calibrator/CVM value assignments.

The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures. The calibrators/CVMs were tested on 15 replicates in total, comprised of 5 runs, 3 replicates per run, 4 IMMULITE 2000 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The CVMs dose values are generated using curve generated by assigned reference calibrators. The CVM values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. CVM values are then averaged across all systems. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples, spiked patient samples and controls using the assigned CVM values. The controls must fall within their target ranges.

# 7.4 Expected Values/Reference Range:

Each CVM level was tested 15 replicates in total, comprised of 5 runs, 3 replicates per run, 4 IMMULITE 2000 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The Guideline Range $( 9 5 \%$ confidence interval) for each CVM level was established based on the Target Mean and $\pm \nobreakspace 2 \nobreakspace$

Standard Deviation (SD). The expected values are provided in the IMMULITE® 2000 CVM Calibration Verification Material lot-specific package insert. The expected assay range is 0.4 to $8 . 0 \mathrm { U / m L }$ . The target values in Table 4 can be considered as guidelines.

Table 4: Target Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte targetlevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target (U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviation(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline ±2SDRange(U/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LHPGCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>0.4 to 8.0 U/mL</td></tr></table>

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot specific.

# Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents   
Guidance for Industry – Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic   
Calibrators   
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control   
Material

# Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8. Conclusion:

The IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 H. pylori IgG Calibration Verification Material is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the FDA cleared IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 H. pylori IgG Calibration Verification Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

# 510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) Number:

k141772

1. Submitter Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

# Contact Person:

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

Asha Gartland   
Technical Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
(914)-524-3257   
(914)-524-2101   
asha.gartland@siemens.com   
June 30th, 2014

2. Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

IMMULITE® 2000 Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG Calibration   
Verification Material   
Quality Control materials for IMMULITE® 2000 Toxoplasma   
Quantitative IgG assay   
Calibration Verification Material (CVM) for IMMULITE® 2000   
Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG assay   
21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX – Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and   
Unassayed)   
Microbiology (83)

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code:

Panel:

3. Predicate Device Name

IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) K133128

Predicate 510(k) No:

4. Device Description:

The Calibration Verification Material (CVM) contains one set of four vials, $1 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ each. CVM1 contains negative Toxoplasma IgG in human serum in a bovine protein/buffer matrix with preservatives. CVM2, CVM3 and CVM4 contain various levels of Toxoplasma IgG in human serum in a bovine protein/buffer matrix with preservatives.

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below The IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s): Special Instrument Requirements:

For prescription use only

IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 ToxoplasmaQuantitative IgG CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE HCG CVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® ToxoplasmaQuantitative IgG CVM CalibrationVerification Material (CVM) is for invitro diagnostic use in the verification ofcalibration of the IMMULITEToxoplasma Quantitative IgG assay on theIMMULITE 2000 systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>. The IMMULITE® HCGCalibration Verification Material(CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic usein the verification of calibration ofthe IMMULITE HCG assay on theIMMULITE 2000 systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until the expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤20°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 ToxoplasmaQuantitative IgG CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE HCG CVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with Bovine proteinand preservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with preservatives</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Performance testing has been carried out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance specifications for its intended use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

# 7.1 Stability Summary:

The real time stability study was conducted to validate shelf life claim and In-Use (Open Component or open vial) claim for the IMMULITE 2000 Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the CVM before and after opening.The IMMULITE® 2000 Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG Calibration

Verification Materials (CVMs) are up 3 years when stored at ${ } _ { - 2 0 } { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ prior to opening and stable for 8 hours at ambient or room temperature $( 1 5 . 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ after opening.

# 7.1.1 Stability Protocol Summary:

The CVM study protocols are run as part of the calibrator stability testing. The stability CVMs and reference CVMs are run in duplicate (as a minimum) at the time points shown in Table 2 and the dose value determined from the reference calibrator curve.

Table 2: Stability Time Points   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Time-Points (Months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LTXPCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LTXPCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LTXPCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LTXPCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td></tr></table>

For Open Component testing, the results are determined from 2-point adjustment. Using L2KTXP Kit Lot 394, Lot 090 CVMs were tested at 2-hourly intervals for up to 9 hours at ambient or room temperature $1 5 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ) conditions.

# 7.1.2 Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:

The Acceptance Criteria for the IMMULITE 2000 Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG CVM are in 2 parts. Part 1 consists of guideline acceptance criteria which require dose value of stability calibrator/CVM levels 2 and 3 to fall between $\pm 1 0 \%$ of assigned dose and $\pm 2 4 \%$ for level 4. Part 2 review limits criteria require dose value of the controls to be within 2 Standard Deviations (SD) of the control target value when generated from the stability calibrator curve. If the result is not within acceptable dose range of $\pm 1 0 \%$ for levels 2 and 3 and $\pm 2 4 \%$ for level 4 then additional data review is conducted using part 2 criteria.

The acceptance criterion is summarized in Table 3.

Table 3: Acceptance criteria for stability of IMMULITE 2000 Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG CVM   

<table><tr><td>CVM level</td><td>Assigned Dose (IU/mL)</td><td>*Guideline Criteria % difference to assigned dose</td><td>Acceptable dose range (pg/mL) (IU/mL)</td><td>Review Limits</td></tr><tr><td>LTXPCVM1</td><td>0.00</td><td>Not Applicable</td><td>≤5.00</td><td rowspan="3">Controls are within 2SD of target on</td></tr><tr><td>LTXPCVM2</td><td>10.6</td><td>±10%</td><td>9.5- 11.7</td></tr><tr><td>LTXPCVM3</td><td>73.5</td><td>±10%</td><td>66.2 - 80.9</td></tr><tr><td>LTXPCVM4</td><td>370</td><td>±24%</td><td>281 -459</td><td>each curve</td></tr></table>

# 7.2 Traceability:

The IMMULITE Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG calibrators and therefore CVMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators and are traceable to WHO 3rd IS for AntiToxoplasma Serum, Human. The calibrators/CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 7.3 Value Assignment:

IMMULITE Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG CVMs are 4 level materials which are a subset of 6 level Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG calibrators. Calibrators are not commercialized but are used internally during manufacture and release testing of Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG reagents and two point adjustors. The IMMULITE calibrators and therefore CVMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using human serum with IgG positive to Toxoplasma and human serum with IgG negative to Toxoplasma which are combined and spiked in the buffered bovine protein matrix. Three levels of commercially available controls and 63 serum samples (40 patient samples and 23 normal samples) were used to validate calibrator/CVM value assignments.

The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures. The CVMs were tested on 15 replicates in total, comprised of 5 runs, 3 replicates per run, 5 IMMULITE 2000 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The CVMs dose values are generated using curve generated by assigned reference calibrators. The CVM values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. CVM values are then averaged across all systems. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples, spiked patient samples and controls using the assigned CVM values. The controls must fall within their target ranges.

# 7.4 Expected Values/Reference Range:

Each CVM level was tested on 15 replicates in total comprised of 5 runs, 3 replicates per run, 5 IMMULITE 2000 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The Guideline Range $9 5 \%$ confidence interval) for each CVM level was established based on the Target Mean and $\pm 2$ Standard Deviation (SD). The expected values are provided in the IMMULITE® 2000 Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG CVM Calibration Verification Material lot-specific package insert. The expected assay range is 5 to $2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { I U / m L }$ . The target values in Table 4 can be considered as guidelines.

Table 4: Target Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Analyte targetlevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Mean(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviation(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline ±2SD Range(IU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LTXPCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LTXPCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LTXPCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LTXPCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>337</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>5 to 250 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot specific.

# Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents   
Guidance for Industry – Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic   
Calibrators   
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control   
Material

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8. Conclusion:

The IMMULITE® 2000 Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the FDA cleared IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 Toxoplasma Quantitative IgG Calibration Verification Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.