BIOTEST MEDICAL CORP.   
YUHUA CHEN   
NO.3-2, CHIEN-KUO ROAD, TEPZ, TANTZU, 427 TAICHUNG, TAIWAN

Re: K141351 Trade/Device Name: SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-S), SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-M) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, LFR, JJX Dated: May 20, 2014 Received: May 22, 2014

Dear Yuhua Chen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-M)

Indications for Use (Describe) The SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-M) is composed of the SuperCheck Plus Multi Test Strips and SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Meter and is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from fingertips or forearm, or in venous whole blood. The SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System(Model 5228-M) is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in a professional healthcare setting as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. This system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancets.

The SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-M) should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The SuperCheck Plus Multi Test Strips are for use with the SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from fingertips or forearm, or in venous whole blood.

The SuperCheck Plus Multi Control Solutions are for use with the SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-M) as a quality control check to verify that the meter and test strips are working together properly.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Number (if known) K141351

Device Name SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-S)

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-S) is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the fingertips or forearm. The SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-S) is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. The SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System(Model 5228-S) is intended for self-testing outside the body(in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. The SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-S) should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady state times (when glucose in not changing rapidly).

The SuperCheck Plus Test Strips are for use with the SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the fingertips or forearm.

The SuperCheck Plus Control Solutions are for use with the SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-S) as a quality control check to verify that the meter and test strips are working together properly.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary (Per 21 CFR 807.92)

1. Submitter Information Company Name Address

Biotest Medical Corporation   
No. 3-2 , Chien-kuo road, TEPZ Tantzu, 427,   
Taichung, Taiwan   
Yuhua Chen   
886-4-2532-6668   
886-4-2532-6593   
yuhuachen@mail.biotestsystems.com   
May 14, 2015   
Contact Person   
Phone   
Fax   
Email   
Date Prepared

2. Device Name Proprietary Name

Common Name Classification Number

SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring   
System (Model 5228-S)   
SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose   
Monitoring System (Model 5228-M)   
Blood Glucose Test System   
System, Test, Blood Glucose, Over the   
Counter   
Chemistry   
NBW, LFR, JJX   
862.1345

Classification Panel Product Code Regulation Number

3. Predicate Device   
Proprietary Name   
Common Name   
Manufacturer   
510(k) Number

ACCU-CHEK Performa System Blood Glucose Test System Roche Diagnostics Corporation K070585

4. Device Description The SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-S) (also applicable to: SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-M)) is a product kit consisting of a blood glucose meter, test strips, control solutions, a lancing device, lancets, and instructions for use.

The data download functionality is optionally available and sold separately. To perform a test, when a small drop of blood is applied to the end of the test strip, glucose reacts with the reagents on the test strip, producing an electrical current that is proportional to the blood glucose concentration. The glucose concentration is calculated by the glucose meter and is based on the electrical current measured. The quantitative glucose concentration (in mg/dL or mmol/L) is displayed on the display screen.

5. Intended Use

# For single patient use SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-S)

The SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-S) is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the fingertips or forearm. The SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-S) is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. The SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System(Model 5228-S) is intended for self-testing outside the body(in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. The SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-S) should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady state times (when glucose in not changing rapidly). The SuperCheck Plus Test Strips are for use with the SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from the fingertips or forearm.

The SuperCheck Plus Control Solutions are for use with the SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-S) as a quality control check to verify that the meter and test strips are working together properly.

# For multiple patient use SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-M)

The SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-M) is composed of the SuperCheck Plus Multi Test Strips and SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Meter and is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from fingertips or forearm, or in venous whole blood. The

SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System(Model 5228-M) is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in a professional healthcare setting as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. This system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancets.

The SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-M) should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The SuperCheck Plus Multi Test Strips are for use with the SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from fingertips or forearm, or in venous whole blood.

The SuperCheck Plus Multi Control Solutions are for use with the SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-M) as a quality control check to verify that the meter and test strips are working together properly.

# 6. Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SuperCheck Plus Blood GlucoseMonitoring System(Model5228-S)SuperCheck Plus Multi BloodGlucose Monitoring System(Model 5228-M)(Proposed devices)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACCU-CHEK PerformaSystem (Predicate device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FAD- glucose dehydrogenase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose dehydrogenase withnitrosoaniline mediator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurementprinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometric method</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh capillary whole bloodVenous whole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two 1.5V AAA alkalinebatteries</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Either mg/dL or mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip vial opentime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 measurements with dayand time</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC link</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip storagecondition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2~30C (35.6-86°F )/20-80%RH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2~30C(35.6-86°F)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72g</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62g</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100mm(L)x50mm(W)x20mm(H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93mm(L)x52mm(W)x22mm(H)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operatingcondition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10~40(50-104°F)20~80% RH (non-condensing)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6~44°C (39.2-111.2°F)10~90% RH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alternate sitecapability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Forearm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Palm, forearm, upper arm,thigh, and calf</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocritrange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-60%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-70%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes (A Code Key is providedwith each box of test strips tocalibrate the meter for that striplot.)</td></tr></table>

7. Non-Clinical Performance Characteristics

A brief description of analytical performance for these studies listed below is included in this submission.

a. Precision/Reproducibility

Precision/Reproducibility evaluations were conducted by performing repeatability precision (within-run precision) and intermediate precision (total precision) based on ISO 15197. Repeatability precision was performed on 5 whole blood concentrations $( 3 0 { - } 5 0 ~ \mathsf { m g / d L }$ , 51-110 mg/dL, 111-150 mg/dL, $1 5 1 { - } 2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , $2 5 1 { \cdot } 4 0 0 \ \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d L } )$ . For glucose concentration was less than $1 0 0 \mathrm { \ m g / d L }$ , the test results of CV values were not more than $7 \%$ . For glucose concentration was more than or equal to 100mg/dL, the test results of CV values were less than $5 \%$ .

Intermediate precision was performed on 3 levels of control solutions (30-50mg/dL, 96-144mg/dL and 280-420mg/dL) with 3 lots of test strips and 10 meters for 10 days. The test results of CV values were less than $5 \%$ .

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range

The linearity study was performed using capillary whole blood samples. The capillary samples were spiked to 11 concentration levels from ${ 2 0 { \mathrm { - } } 6 0 0 \ \mathrm { \ m g / d L } }$ . Linear regression showed a correlation of $r ^ { 2 } { = } 0 . 9 9 9 8$ compared to the reference method (YSI analyzer) over the range 21 mg/dL to $5 9 2 { \mathrm { ~ m g } } / { \mathrm { d L } }$ .

The measuring range of the SuperCheck Plus (5228-S) and SuperCheck Plus Multi (5228-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems is ${ 2 0 { \mathrm { - } } 6 0 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L } }$ .

# c. Operating Temperature and Humidity Study

The study confirmed the operation of the SuperCheck Plus (5228-S) and SuperCheck Plus Multi (5228-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring System for temperature range of $1 0 – 4 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } ( 5 0 – 1 0 4 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { F } )$ and the relative humidity range of $20 \small { - } 8 0 \%$ , noncondensing.

# d. Analytical specificity

Nine endogenous substances and thirteen exogenous substances were analyzed at two concentrations of glucose and interferent according to NCCLS EP 7. For glucose concentrations is less than $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , the average difference between the tested and the control sample is within $1 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . For glucose concentrations is more than or equal to 100 ${ \sf m g / d L }$ , the average difference between the tested and the control sample is within $10 \%$ . Results are presented in the table below:

Page 5 of 8   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfering substances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Highest concentration at whichno interference is observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Endogenous substances</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Billrubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.8 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">648.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.95 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fructose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galactose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glutathione</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glyceryl Tributyrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3039.3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Exogenous substances</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentistic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.75 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Dopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maltose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methy Dopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pralidoxime lodide(PAM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">115.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolazamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolbutamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xylose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

The accuracy study of EDTA anticoagulated whole blood samples used with SuperCheck Plus (5228-S) and SuperCheck Plus Multi (5228-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring System compared to results obtained using a capillary sample collected in heparin with a reference method (YSI glucose analyzer) were evaluated. The result of the study was shown that SuperCheck Plus (5228-S) and SuperCheck Plus Multi (5228-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring System produce accurate glucose results when the blood samples are collected in EDTA tube.

# e. Hematocrit Study

Nine hematocrit levels of 20, 25, 30, 35, 42, 45, 50, 55 and $60 \%$ at 3 spiked target glucose concentrations were evaluated. The study showed no significant hematocrit effect from $2 0 \% { - } 6 0 \%$ for samples with concentration levels over dynamic range $2 0 { - } 6 0 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ .

# f. Altitude Study

Venous blood samples were spiked to 3 glucose concentration (30-50 mg/dL, 96-144 mg/dL, $2 8 0 { - } 4 2 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ . The samples were performed at 33 ft and 10,744 ft. Values were compared to the YSI 2300 (reference method). The results demonstrated that altitudes up to 10,744 ft have no significant effect on blood glucose measurement from the SuperCheck Plus (5228-S) and SuperCheck Plus Multi (5228-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems.

# g. Sample volume study

The blood volume test was performed from $0 . 5 \mu \mu$ to 3.0ul by using the blood samples spiked to produce 3 glucose concentrations (30-50 mg/dL, 96-144 mg/dL, $2 8 0 { - } 4 2 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ for verifying the performance of test strip.

The results showed that error message was displayed for insufficient sample volume of $0 . 7 \mu \up$ ; therefore the SuperCheck Plus (5228-S) and SuperCheck Plus Multi (5228-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems claim that sample volume of ${ \ge } 0 . 7 \mu \up$ produces accurate blood glucose results.

# h. Meter reliability study

The reliability test was performed before and after challenge including mechanical resistance to drop and vibration and protection against exposure to temperature and humidity levels. All results were within the criteria. It demonstrates that SuperCheck Plus (5228-S) and SuperCheck Plus Multi (5228-M) meters produced accurate results within its claimed temperature and humidity limits.

# i. EMC and electrical safety study

SuperCheck Plus (5228-S) and SuperCheck Plus Multi (5228-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems by performing Electromagnetic Interference and Safety Test to verify the product conform IEC/EN 61010-1, IEC/EN 61010-2-101, IEC/EN 61326-1 and IEC/EN 61326-2-6 standards. All the results revealed the system was complied with the above related standards.

# j. Infection control studies

The systems are intended for single-patient use (SuperCheck Plus (5228-S)) and multiple-patient use (SuperCheck Plus Multi (5228-M)). Cleaning and disinfection can be accomplished by wiping the meter with Clorox $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Germicidal Wipes (EPA Reg. No. 67619-12). The robustness study was conducted and the results demonstrated that there was no change in performance or in the external materials of the meter after 10,950 cleaning and disinfection cycles to simulate 3 years of use for multiple-patient use and after 5475 cleaning cycle and 156 disinfection cycles to simulate 3 years of use for single-patient use.

Disinfection efficacy studies were performed on the materials comprising the meter by an outside commercial testing laboratory demonstrating complete inactivation of hepatitis B (HBV) with chosen disinfectant, HEALTHCARETM Bleach Germicidal Wipes by the Clorox Company (EPA registered # 67619-12).

# 8. Clinical Performance Characteristics

a. System Accuracy Study

The accuracy study of SuperCheck Plus (5228-S) and SuperCheck Plus Multi (5228-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems was compared to YSI 2300 (reference method). A total of 151 subjects were recruited. The study result demonstrates that the accuracy of SuperCheck Plus (5228-S) and SuperCheck Plus Multi (5228-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems met the acceptance criteria.

# b. User Performance Study

The study was performed with 129 participants to demonstrate the accuracy of the SuperCheck Plus (Model 5228-S) Blood Glucose Monitoring System. Participants, who were able to read the User’s Manual in English, were instructed to read the manual and perform testing on the finger and the forearm. The study results met the acceptance criteria and according to the results of questionnaire, SuperCheck Plus (5228-S) and SuperCheck Plus Multi (5228-M) Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems are easy to use for participants.

# 9. Conclusion

Laboratory testing and clinical testing results of SuperCheck Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-S) and SuperCheck Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Model 5228-M) demonstrated satisfactory and support their Indications for Use. It also demonstrates that SuperCheck Plus (Model 5228-S) and SuperCheck Plus Multi (Model 5228-M) are substantial equivalence to the predicate.