October 17, 2014

ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS   
KELLI TURNER   
U.S. REGULATORY AFFAIRS PRINCIPAL   
9115 HAGUE ROAD   
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250-0416

Re: K141426 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys Folate III Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1295 Regulation Name: Folic acid test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CGN Dated: September 10, 2014 Received: September 11, 2014

Dear Ms. Turner:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Concurrence of Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) (Signature)

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden tie or h colection inormation etiated oaveragehours per response,ncludie time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary for the Elecsys Folate III Assay

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

Submitter Name, Address, Contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road P.O. Box 50416 Indianapolis, IN 46250-0415

Contact Person: Kelli Turner

Phone: (317) 521-4515  Fax: (317) 521-2324  Email: kelli.turner@roche.com

Date Prepared: October 9, 2014

# Purpose

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87, Roche Diagnostics hereby submits official notification as required by Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification [510(k)].

The purpose of this premarket notification is to obtain FDA review and clearance for the Folate III Assay.

# Device Name

Proprietary name: Elecsys Folate III Assay

Common name: Folate III assay

Classification name: Acid, Folic, Radioassay

Product Code: CGN

Predicate Device: Roche Elecsys Folate III (k082340)

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys Folate III Assay, continued

# Establishment Registration

For the Elecsys Folate III assay, the establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics GmbH in Mannheim, Germany, is 9610126 and for Penzberg, Germany, is 9610529. The establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics in the United States is 1823260

# Classif

ication The FDA has classified the Radiometry, Folate III assay as a Class II device.

# Device Description

The Folate III Assay employs a competitive test principle using natural folate binding protein (FBP) specific for folate. Folate in the sample competes with the added folate (labeled with biotin) for the binding sites on FBP (labeled with a ruthenium complex).

Results are determined using a calibration curve that is generated specifically on each instrument by a 2 point calibration and a master curve (5-point-calibration) provided with the reagent bar code.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents-workingsolutions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT1: Pretreatmentreagent 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium 2-mercaptoethanesulfonate(MESNA) 40 g/L, pH 5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT2: Pretreatmentreagent 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium hydroxide 25 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M: Microparticle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptavidin-coated microparticles 0.72mg/mL; preservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1: Folate bindingprotein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ruthenium labeled folate binding protein75 µg/mL; human serum albumin(stabilizer); borate/phosphate/citratebuffer 70 mmol/L, pH 5.5; preservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2: Folate~biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotinylated folate 17 µg/L; biotin 120μg/L; human serum albumin (stabilizer);borate buffer 100 mmol/L, pH 9.0;preservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 mL</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys Folate III Assay, continued

Elecsys Folate III:

Intended Use/ Indications for Use

Binding assay for the in vitro quantitative determination of folate in human serum. The binding assay is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers. Folic acid measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of anemias.

# Substantial Equivalence

The Elecsys Folate III assay is substantially equivalent to other devices legally marketed in the United States.

The Elecsys Folate III assay is equivalent to Elecsys Folate III assay (k082340).

Continued on next page

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys Folate III Assay, continued

# Substantial Equivalence - Comparison

The following table compares the Elecsys Folate III Assay with its predicate device (k082340).

# Comparison of Assays, Similarities and Differences

Table 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Roche ElecsysFolate III (k082340)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device: Elecsys FolateIII Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Assay Features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for the in vitro quantitativedetermination of folate in humanserum. The binding assay is intendedfor use on Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayProtocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys Folate assay employs acompetitive test principle usingnatural folate binding protein (FBP)specific for folate. Folate in thesample competes with the added folate(labeled with biotin) for the bindingsites on FBP (labeled with ruthenium).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionProtocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemiluminescent Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Applications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27-minute application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentPlatform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys and cobas e immunoassayanalyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys Folate III Assay, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued

Table 1 continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Roche ElecsysFolate III (k082340)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device: Elecsys FolateIII Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Assay Features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competition principle. Total durationof assay: 27 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Folate III CalSet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration must be performed onceper reagent lot using fresh reagent (i.e.not more than 24 hours since thereagent kit was registered on theanalyzer). Renewed calibration isrecommended as follows:cobas e 411 analyzers:•After 1 month (28 days) whenusing the same reagent lot.•  After 7 days (when using thesame reagent kit on theanalyzer).As required: e.g. quality controlfindings outside the specified limits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Varia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability/Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against the ElecsysFolate II assay (k043318)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against WHOInternational Standard NIBSC code:03/178.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys Folate III Assay, continued

Table 1 continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Predicate Device: Roche ElecsysFolate III (k082340)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Candidate Device: Elecsys FolateIII Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>General Assay Features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Unopened:2-8°C - Up to the stated expirationdateOpened 2-8°C - 8 weeksOn Analyzers - 2 weeks or 4 weekswhen stored altermatively in therefrigerator and on the analyzer, withthe toal time on-board the analyzernot exceeding 10x8 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>1.50 20.0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>2.0- 20.0 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalSensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Limit of Blank (LoB): = 0.640ng/mLLimit of Detection (LoD): = 1.50ng/mLLimit of Quantitation (LoQ): = 2.0ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Limit of Blank (LoB): = 0.6 ng/mLLimit of Detection (LoD): = 1.2ng/mLLimit of Quantitation (LoQ): = 2.0ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>AnalyticalSpecificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>concentrationtested(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highestcross-reactivityobserved(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>concentrationtested(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highestcross-reactivityobserved(%)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amethopterin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amethopterin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aminopterin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aminopterin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Folonic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Folonic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys Folate III Assay, continued

Table 1 continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued   

<table><tr><td colspan="7">Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td>Feature</td><td colspan="3">Predicate Device: Roche Elecsys Folate III (k082340)</td><td colspan="3">Candidate Device: Elecsys Folate III Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Precision cobas e 411:</td><td colspan="5">Labeled Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="14"></td><td>Within-run</td><td>SD</td><td></td><td></td><td>cobas e 411: Within-run (will be labeled Repeatability)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>Mean</td><td>CV</td><td>Sample</td><td>Mean</td><td>SD CV</td></tr><tr><td>HS 1</td><td>4.30</td><td>0.157 3.7% 4.4%</td><td>HS 1</td><td>2.29</td><td>0.155 6.8%</td></tr><tr><td>HS 2</td><td>6.17</td><td>0.274</td><td>HS 2</td><td>3.92</td><td>0.200 5.1%</td></tr><tr><td>HS 3</td><td>6.83</td><td>0.288 4.2%</td><td>HS 3</td><td>11.9 0.346</td><td>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td>HS 4</td><td>15.7</td><td>0.620 4.0%</td><td>HS 4</td><td>13.4 0.301</td><td>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td>PCV1</td><td>4.05</td><td>0.235 5.8%</td><td>HS 5</td><td>17.8</td><td>0.44 2.5%</td></tr><tr><td>PCV2</td><td>11.8</td><td>0.562 4.8%</td><td>PCV1 3.24</td><td>0.215</td><td>6.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td>PCV2</td><td>11.6</td><td>0.314</td><td>2.7%</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>Mean</td><td>SD</td><td>CV</td><td colspan="3">Total (will be labeled Intermediate)</td></tr><tr><td>HS 1</td><td>4.30</td><td>0.383</td><td>8.9%</td><td>Sample Mean</td><td>SD</td><td>CV</td></tr><tr><td>HS 2</td><td>6.17</td><td>0.444</td><td>7.2%</td><td>HS 1 2.29</td><td>0.247</td><td>10.8%</td></tr><tr><td>HS 3</td><td>6.83</td><td>0.484</td><td>7.1%</td><td>HS 2 3.92</td><td>0.318</td><td>8.1%</td></tr><tr><td>HS 4</td><td>15.7</td><td>0.956</td><td>6.1%</td><td>HS 3 11.9</td><td>0.571</td><td>4.8%</td></tr><tr><td>PCV1</td><td>4.05</td><td>0.382</td><td>9.4%</td><td>HS 4 13.4</td><td>0.574</td><td>4.3%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>11.8</td><td>0.845</td><td>7.2%</td><td>HS 5 17.8</td><td>0.67</td><td>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td>PCV2</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>PCV1 3.24</td><td>0.309</td><td>9.5%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>PCV2 11.6</td><td>0.566</td><td>4.9%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { H S } { = }$ Human Serum PCV1 $\circleddash$ PreciControl Varia level 1 $\scriptstyle \mathrm { P C V } 2 = \mathrm { P }$ reciControl Varia level 2

# 510(k) Summary for the Elecsys Folate III Assay, continued

Table 1 continued   

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Predicate Device: Roche Elecsys Folate III (k082340)</td><td>Candidate Device: Elecsys Folate III Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Labeled Performance Characteristics Limitations The assay is unaffected by: The assay is unaffected by:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bilirubin &lt; 33 mg/dL Lipemia &lt; 1500 mg/dL Biotin &lt; 21 ng/mL Rheumatoid factors &lt; 1000 IU/mL IgG &lt; 1.6 g/dL IgA &lt; 0.4 g/dL In vitro tests were performed on 18 commonly used pharmaceuticals and in addition on human erythropoeetin. No interference with the assay was found. Samples with extremely high total protein concentrations (e.g. patients suffering from Waldenstrom&#x27;s macroglobulinemia) are not for use in this assay. In rare cases, interference due to • extremely high titers of antibodies to analyte-specific antibodies, streptavidin or ruthenium can occur. These effects are minimized by suitable test design. It is contraindicated to measure samples of patients receiving therapy with certain pharmaceuticals, e.g. methotrexate or leucovorin, because of the cross-reactivity of folate binding protein with these compounds. For diagnostic purposes, the results should always be assessed in conjunction with RBC folate, the patient&#x27;s medical history, clinical examination and other findings.</td><td>Bilirubin &lt; 29 mg/dL Lipemia &lt; 1500 mg/dL Biotin &lt; 21 ng/mL Rheumatoid factors &lt; 1000 IU/mL IgG &lt; 1.6 g/dL IgM &lt; 1.0 g/dL IgA &lt; 0.4 g/dL In vitro tests were performed on 16 commonly used pharmaceuticals and in addition on human erythropoeetin. No interference with the assay was found. Samples with extremely high total protein concentrations (e.g. patients suffering from Waldenstrom&#x27;s macroglobulinemia) are not for use in this assay. • In rare cases, interference due to extremely high titers of antibodies to analyte-specific antibodies, streptavidin or ruthenium can occur. These effects are minimized by suitable test design. It is contraindicated to measure samples of patients receiving therapy with certain pharmaceuticals, e.g. methotrexate or leucovorin, because of the cross-reactivity of folate binding protein with these compounds. For diagnostic purposes, the results should always be assessed in conjunction with RBC folate, the patient&#x27;s medical history, clinical examination and other findings.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for the Elecsys Folate III Assay, continued

Comparison of Assays—Similarities and Differences, continued

Table 1 continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=17>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Predicate Device: Roche ElecsysFolate III (k082340)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Candidate Device: Elecsys Folate IIIAssay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=17>Labeled Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Referencerange study</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Country</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>2.5th-97.5thpercentile</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=7>Country  (N)  Median       2.5th-97.5thpercentilenmol/ ng/   nmol/ ng/mLL     mL  LUSA   21426.8   11.8 10.9-  4.78-54.9  24.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Country</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>USA</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>261</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>nmol/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>ng/mL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>nmol/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ng/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>USA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>214</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6-59.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3-26.1</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>26.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.78-24.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Predicate Device: Abbott ArchitectFolate assay (k092740)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Candidate Device: Elecsys Folate IIIAssay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=2>MethodComparison</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=15>n = 106                 Passing/Bablok Linear regressionMin = 2.08 ng/mLMax = 19.6 ng/mLSlope                          0.980                0.976Intercept                      -0.095               0.041Tau/r                          0.924                0.984Bias at 4 ng/mL             -0.175               -0.054</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>n = 106</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Passing/Bablok</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=5>Linear regression</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Min = 2.08 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Max = 19.6 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>0.980</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>0.976</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>-0.095</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>0.041</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Tau/r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>0.924</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>0.984</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Bias at 4 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>-0.175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>-0.054</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for the Elecsys Folate III Assay, continued

Standard/ Guidance Document Reference

In addition to FDA guidance regarding 510(k) submissions, the following standards were used for the performance studies.

Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline – Second Edition. CLSI document EP5-A2, Volume 24, No. 25, August 2004.

Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline- Second Edition. CLSI document EP17-A2, Volume 32, No. 8, June 2012

Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline. CLSI document EP6-A, Volume 23, No. 16, April 2003.

Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline; Approved Guideline. CLSI document EP09-A2-IR, Volume 22, No. 19, September 2002

# Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision. The data supports a safe, effective device which performs as well as or better than the predicate device.