# 510k Summary Bicarbonate Calibrator

1.0

SubmittedBy:   
Marguerita Sweeney   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Beckman Coulter Ireland, Inc.   
Lismeehan, O'Callaghan's Mills Co. Clare, Ireland   
Telephone: +353-65-683-1495 Fax: +353-65-683-1122   
Email: msweeney@beckman.com   
SubmitterContact:   
David Davis   
250 S. Kraemer Blvd. E1. SE. 01   
Brea   
California   
92821, USA   
Telephone: (469) 236-8180   
Fax: (714) 961-4234   
Email:dgdavis@beckman.com

2.0 Dateofpreparation: May $2 3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ 2014

3.0 Deviceldentification:

Proprietary Names: Bicarbonate Calibrator   
Common Name: Bicarbonate calibrator   
Classification: 862.1150   
Product Code: JIT

4.0 PredicateDevice:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Docket Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bicarbonate Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DR0070 LyophilizedChemistry calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter^</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K043460</td></tr></table>

The Bicarbonate Calibrator is substantially equivalent to the product listed above currently in commercial distribution

# 5.0 Description:

The Bicarbonate Calibrator kit is a two level aqueous preparation of sodium carbonate intended to provide calibration for the Bicarbonate reagent for the calibration of bicarbonate on Beckman AU Coulter analyzers. This is available in the following configurations Cat # OSR6137, OSR6237 and OSR6537. For convenience this is often referred to internally and externally as OsR6x37.

The following is the kit configuration for the Bicarbonate Calibrator:

ODC0019 has 3 vials with 25ml contents for Level 1 and 3 vials with 25ml for Level 2.

The Bicarbonate Calibrator is designed for optimal performance on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers.

The calibrator contains sodium o-phenylphenate tetrahydrate which acts as a preservative. This ingredient is classified as a potential carcinogen and may cause irritation of the eyes, skin and mucous membranes. Product labeling carries the appropriate hazards and warnings.

# 6.0 IntendedUse:

The Bicarbonate Calibrator is an aqueous preparation of sodium carbonate intended to be used with the Bicarbonate reagent OsR6x37 for the calibration of bicarbonate on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# 7.0 ComparisontoPredicate(s):

The following tables shows similarities and differences between the predicate identified in Section 4.0 of this summary.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bicarbonate Calibrator ODCo019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized Chemistry CalibratorDR0070</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Bicarbonate calibrator is anaqueous preparation of sodiumcarbonate intended to be usedwith the Bicarbonate reagentOSR6x37 for the calibration ofbicarbonate on Beckman CoulterAU analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter ChemistryCalibrators are intended for usewhen calibrating methods run onthe Beckman Coulter AU series ofchemistry analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Bicarbonate calibratorvalues are traceable to NISTSRM351</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assigned values for theconstituents are traceable toreference materials from NIST.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">, p i Differences      * d f                   </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">*Feature             v$f}$, o I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bicarbonate CalibratorODC0019     m4t   #V</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized Chemistry CalibratorDR0070</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix Base</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aqueous</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte Constituents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium carbonate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AlbuminBicarbonate (C02)Direct BilirubinTotal BilirubinCalciumCholesterolCreatinineGlucoseInorganic phosphorousIron LactateMagnesiumTotal proteinTriglycerideUIBCUrea Nitrogen (BUN)Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized human serum withdiluent mixture</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 25ml Level 13 x 25ml Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 x 5ml Level 112 x 6ml Diluent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 25ml Level 13 x 25ml Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 x 5ml Level 112 x 6ml Diluent12 x 5ml Level 212 x 6ml Diluent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage (Closed/ ShelfLife</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Vial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 days @ 15-25C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 days @ 2-84C</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Performance Characteristics summary report as per FDA quidance_ Abbreviated 510 (k) submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators"

4.1 Stability testing summary - include EP25 Stability studies have been performed to determine the open vial stability and shelf life for this calibrator. For Open Vial stability Beckman Coulter utilized internal test procedures from CLSI EP25A entitled "Evaluation of stability of In Vitro diagnostic reagents". Testing was performed using 3 individual calibrator lots and multiple time points throughout the open vial stability claim period on a representative AU Clinical Chemistry analyzer platform.

At each time point the test vial was run with freshly opened calibrator vial. 2 Levels of an appropriate control material were used to control the runs. All were tested in replicated of 5 at each time point. The controls were required to recover within target ranges and meet precision claims $( \leq 3 \%$ or $\leq 3 \%$ or SD ≤1mEq/L).

Open Vial stability:

30 days $\textcircled { \alpha } 1 5 . 2 5 ^ { 0 } C$

Shelf Life stability testing was carried out utilizing EP25A in order to support shelf life storage claim of 13 months when stored at $1 5 - 2 5 ^ { 0 } C$ . Real time stability testing was performed on 3 individual lots of calibrator at multiple time points. All testing was conducted on a representative AU Clinical Chemistry analyzer platform with the associated reagent test system. The controls were required to recover within target ranges and meet precision claims $( \leq 3 \%$ or $\leq 3 \%$ or SD ≤1mEq/L). To ensure robustness of the shelf life claim the shelf life period was tested for 13 months plus at least one month after expire date claim.

Shelf Life stability:

13 months $\textcircled { \alpha } 1 5 . 2 5 ^ { 0 } C$

4.2 Value Assignment Summary

Verification of target values was performed on a representative AU Clinical chemistry analyzer platform. Testing was performed using one approved lot of DR0070 calibrator with $0 . 5 1 7 6 \times 3 7$ Bicarbonate reagent. The run is controlled with 3 levels of appropriate control material $( n = 5 )$ .

A sample from test calibrator and NIST SRM 351 standard was run $( n = 1 0 )$ A maximum allowable deviation of $\pm5 \%$ from assigned targets was applied.

# 4.3 Traceability Summary

The Bicarbonate Calibrator is manufactured so that the values for the calibrator are traceable to NIST standard reference material SRM351. 2 levels NIST351 standard were prepared stoichimetrically as per certificate of analysis with a concentration of 20mEq/l and $\mathsf { \pm 0 m E q / L }$ . The bicarbonate calibrator is manufactured from commercially available high purity sodium carbonate and assigned a target value of 20mEq/L and 40mEq/L. Bicarbonate test system is calibrated with reference calibrator and the NiST351 standard and test calibrator recovered $( n = 1 0 )$ . A maximum allowable deviation of $\pm 5 \%$ from assigned targets was applied.

# 9.0 Conclusion:

The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical tests (discussed above) demonstrate that the Bicarbonate Calibrator ODC0019 is as safe, as effective and performs as well as the predicate device. The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.

June 30, 2014

BECKMAN COULTER IRELAND, INC C/O DAVID DAVIS   
250 S. KRAEMER BLVD. EI. SE. 01 BREA CA 92821

Re: K141374 Trade/Device Name: Bicarbonate Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIT Dated: May 23, 2014 Received: May 27, 2014

Dear Mr. David Davis:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class I1 (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations afecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 1, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labcling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-frec number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internel address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also. please notc the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address hup://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 09100120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (ff known) K141374</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Devica Name Bicarbonate Calibrator</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe) TheBionaalrtorn quu pre  crntn wi he Bi R lat Bc Coutenalyser. vosicy.

Concurence of Center for Devices and Radlological Heaith (CDRH) (Signature)

Yung W. Chan -S

This section applies only to requtrements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1805.

do not send your completed form to the pra staff email address below.\*

The burden time for thls colection of information is estimated to average 79 hours par response, incuding the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collecton of information. Send comments regarding this burden estmate or any other aspect of this infornation collection, Including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Heaith and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currentily valid OM8 number."