ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS   
KHONE SAYSANA   
PRINCIPLE REGULATORY AFFAIRS, DIABETES CARE   
9115 HAGUE ROAD   
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250

Re: K141867 Trade/Device Name: ACCU-CHEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Aviva Connect Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, LFR Dated: February 2, 2015 Received: February 3, 2015

Dear Khone Saysana:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Stayce Beck -S

For:

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe) The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative eeguco gar)e capillay whol blooamp ranomhgerts.TheCU-HE AvivConnecBloodGlucoseMonitorigSystem is intended to be used by single person and should not be hare.

The ACCU-CHEKAviva Connect Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The ACCU-CHE Aviva Connec Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis f o screening of diabetes or for neonatal use.

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Test Strips are for use with the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

For in vitro diagnostic use

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

Teburen orhcollectionomationtate veragours  eoncud time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed andcomplete and review the collectionf information. Sed comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

Submitter Name, Address, Contact

Roche Diagnostics Corporation 9115 Hague Rd.   
Indianapolis, IN 46250   
(317) 521-7593   
Contact Person: Khone Saysana Date Prepared: February 6, 2015

# Device Name

Proprietary name: ACCU-CHEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Aviva Connect Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Meter: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect Meter Test Strip: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Test Strip Controls: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Control Solutions

Classification name: Glucose dehydrogenase, glucose test system (21 C.F.R. $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ ; Class II

NBW, Blood Glucose Test System, Over-the-Counter LFR, Glucose Dehydrogenase

# Predicate Device

ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus System (K133862), concurrence received on 30 April 2014.

Device Description

Summary of Technological Characteristics Compared to the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus System(k133862, predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACCU-CHEK AvivaConnect System(new device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is intended to be used forthe quantitative measurement of glucose(sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samplesdrawn from the fingertips. The ACCU-CHEKAviva Plus Blood Glucose Monitoring Systemis intended to be used by a single person andshould not be shared.The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is intended for self testingoutside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) bypeople with diabetes at home as an aid tomonitor the effectiveness of diabetescontrol. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus BloodGlucose Monitoring System should not be usedfor the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes orfor neonatal use.The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Test Strips arefor use with the ACCU-CHEK Aviva PlusBlood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measureglucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole bloodsamples drawn from the fingertips.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeterCommunication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infrared Communication viadongle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USB (Universal SerialBus) andBLE (Blue Tooth LowEnergy)Communications</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AST Claims</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Palm, Upper Arm and Forearm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Buttons</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arrow buttons on the front areused to toggle through memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Button functionalityhas changed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Embedded PCReports</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Embedded Reportsavailable fortransmission to aPersonalComputer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Housing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Black housing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified black housing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Utilizes the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus test strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Universal code or blood glucose measurementparameters are programmed into an internalEEPROM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Summary of Technological Characteristics Compared to the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus System(k133862, predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACCU-CHEK AvivaConnect System(new device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometric Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mut. Q-GDH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleHematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 to 65%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MaximumAltitude</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000 feet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 - 600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperatureand RelativeHumidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(57 to 100°F)10 to 80% r.h.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For response targets &lt; 75 mg/dL, the SD is ≤5.0 mg/dL, and for response targets ≥ 75mg/dL, the CV is ≤ 5.0%.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Closed andOpen Vial ShelfLife Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Double Dosing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlSolutions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous, 2 levels, uses ACCU-CHEK AvivaControl Solutions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrimaryPackaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard flip top vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Limitations ofProcedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose &gt;15 mg/dL will cause overestimationof blood glucose results.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemic Samples &gt;1800 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intravenous administration of ascorbic acidwhich results in blood concentrations ofascorbic acid &gt;3 mg/dL will causeoverestimation of blood glucose results.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>If peripheral circulation is impaired, collectionof fresh capillary whole blood from theapproved sample sites is not advised as theresults might not be a true reflection of thephysiological blood glucose level. This mayapply in the following circumstances: severedehydration as a result of diabetic ketoacidosisor due to hyperglycemic hypersmolar non-ketotic syndrome, hypotension, shock,decompensated heart failure, NYHA Class IV,or peripheral arterial occlusive disease.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use.

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Test Strips are for use with the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

The single-patient use ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect Blood Glucose Monitoring System will consist of:

Meter: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect Meter Test Strip: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Test Strip Controls: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Control Solutions

# Substantial Equivalence

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect system is substantially equivalent to the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus System (k133862).

# Data demonstrating substantial equivalence

Performance testing on the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect System demonstrated that the device meets the performance requirements for its intended use. The data demonstrates that the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Connect System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.