# 510(k) Summary Liquichek Tumor Marker Control K141073

# 1.0 Submitter

Bio-Rad Laboratories 9500 Jeronimo Road, Irvine, California 92618-2017 Telephone: (949) 598-1200 Fax: (949) 598-1557

# Contact Person

Suzanne Parsons Regulatory Affairs Manager Telephone: (949) 598-1467

# Date of Summary Preparation

June 20, 2014

# 2.0 Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Common Name: Review Panel: Classifications: Product Code: Regulation Number

Liquichek Tumor Marker Control   
Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (Assayed)   
Clinical Chemistry and Clinical Toxicology Devices   
Class I, Reserved   
JJY   
21 CFR 862.1660

# 3.0 Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Liquichek Tumor Marker Control Bio-Rad Laboratories Irvine, California

510 (k) Number: K071675

# 4.0 Description of Device

Liquichek Tumor Marker Control, a trilevel liquid control is prepared from human source material with added constituents of human and animal origin, stabilizers and preservatives.

The human source material used to manufacture this control was tested by FDA accepted methods and found non-reactive for Hepatitis B Surface Antigen (HBsAg). antibody to Hepatitis C (HCV) and antibody to HIV-1/HIV-2.

# 5.0 Value Assignment

The mean values and the corresponding $\pm 3 5 \mathrm { D }$ ranges printed in this insert were derived from replicate analyses and are specific for this lot of product. The tests listed were performed by the manufacturer and/or independent laboratories using manufacturer supported reagents and a representative sampling of this lot of product. It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own acceptable ranges and use those provided only as guides. Laboratory established ranges may vary from those listed during the life of this control. Variations over time and between laboratories may be caused by differences in laboratory technique, instrumentation and reagents, or by manufacturer test method modifications.

# 6.0 Intended use

Liquichek Tumor Marker Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in this package insert.

# 7.0 Comparison of the new device with the Predicate Device

The new Liquichek Tumor Marker Control claims substantial equivalence to the Liquichek Tumor Marker Control currently in commercial distribution (K071675). Table 1 (below) contains comparison information of similarities and differences between the new and predicate device to which substantial equivalence is claimed.

Table 1: Similarities and Differences between new and predicate device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek Tumor Marker Control(New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek Tumor Marker Control(Predicate Device, K071675)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities                                                   1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This product is intended for use as an assayedquality control serum to monitor the precision oflaboratory testing procedures for the analyteslisted in the package insert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This product is intended for use as an assayedquality control serum to monitor the precision oflaboratory testing procedures listed in thepackage insert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human source material and constituents ofanimal origin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human source material and constituents ofanimal origin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Siemens Dimension Vista Systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple Analyzers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vial Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Siemens Dimension Vista Vials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General control vials</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thawed and Unopened(On-Board Stability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 days at 2 - 8 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 days at 2 - 8 °C except for:IGF-1, PAP: 35 daysFree PSA: 30 daysCA 125: 14 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thawed &amp; Opened</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 days at 2 - 8 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days at 2 - 8 C except for:IGF-1: 15 daysCA 125: 12 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage Unopened(Selhef life)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At -20 to -50 °C until the expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At -20 to -70 C until the expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contains:Alpha Fetoprotein (AFP)Beta-2-Microglobulin (B2-M)CA 15-3CA 19-9CA 125Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA)FerritinHuman Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)ProlactinProstate Specific Antigen, Total (Total PSA)Prostate Specific Antigen, Free (Free PSA)Does not contain:CA 27.29Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP)Insulin-like Growth Factor-I (IGF-1)Thyroglobulin (Tg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contains:Alpha Fetoprotein (AFP)Beta-2-Microglobulin (B2-M)CA 15-3CA 19-9CA 125Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA)FerritinProlactinProstate Specific Antigen, Total (Total PSA)Prostate Specific Antigen, Free (Free PSA)CA 27.29Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP)Insulin-like Growth Factor-I (iGF-1)Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)Thyroglobulin (Tg)</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Statement of Supporting Data

Real-time stability studies were conducted to establish the thawed opened and thawed unopened stability claims. Accelerated stability studies were conducted to establish the shelf-life stability claim. Acceptance Criteria were met to support the product claims as follows:

Thawed and Opened Stability: Thawed and Unopened Stability: Shelf Life Stability:

10 days at 2 to $8 \%$ EPY   
15 days at 2 to $8 \%$   
28 months at $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } C$ to $- 5 0 ^ { \circ } C$

# 9.0 Conclusion

Based on the performance characteristics indicated above, the Bio-Rad Liquichek Tumor Marker Control is substantially equivalent to the predicate device K071675.

All supporting data is retained on file at Bio-Rad Laboratories.

Food and Drug Administration 10903 New Hampshire Avenuc Document Control Ccnter  WO66-G609 Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

June 23, 2014

BIO-RAD LABORATORIES   
SUZANNE PARSONS   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANAGER 9500 JERONIMO RD.   
IRVINE CA 92618-2017

Re: K141073 Trade/Device Name: Liquichek Tumor Marker Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I Product Code: JJY Dated: April 23, 2014 Received: April 25, 2014

Dear Ms. Parsons:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( { \sf k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safcty/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResoureesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Elizabeth A. Stafford -S

for Maria M Chan, Ph.D. Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name Liquichek Tumor Marker Control

Indications for Use (Describe)   
LiqichTuor Marker Contol istene oru s anassay qualy contro su mnor e re laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in this package insert.   
Analytes:   
Alpha Fetoprotein (AFP)   
Beta-2-Microglobulin (B2-M)   
CA 15-3   
CA 19-9   
CA 125   
Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA)   
Ferritin   
Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)   
Prolactin   
Prostate Specific Antigen, Total (Total PSA)   
Prostate Specific Antigen, Free (Free PSA)

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

Elizabeth A. Stafford -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden tmeor hiscollection  normation is stated toaveraghours per esonse, icudie time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."