H2 INC.   
C/O FENG-YU LEE   
PRINCIPAL CONSULTANT   
29222 RANCHO VIEJO RD, STE 218 SAN JUAN CAPISTRANO CA 92675

Re: K141862 Trade/Device Name: Health2Sync Mobile Application and Smart Cable Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, JQP Dated: October 13, 2014 Received: October 15, 2014

Dear Ms. Feng-Yu Lee:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Health2Sync Mobile Application and Smart Cable For Diabetes Management

Indications for Use (Describe)

Health2Sync Mobile Application is data management software that is intended for use in home and professional settings to aid people with diabetes and their healthcare professionals in the review, analysis and evaluation of glucose test results to support an effective diabetes management program. The Health2Sync Smart Cable allows users to upload blood glucose data from compatible FDA cleared meters to the Health2Sync Mobile Application on their iPhone operating system platform.

Health2Sync Mobile Application is not intended to provide treatment decisions nor is it to be used as a substitute for professional healthcare advice.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Traditional 510(k) Summary

This summary of 5l0(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA l990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

The assigned 510(k) number is: k141862

# 1. Submitter's Identification:

H2 Inc. 5 Fl., No. 586, Ruiguang Rd., Taipei City 114, Taiwan (R.O.C.) Contact Person: Chu-Yie Deng Phone Number: 886-2-8797-3844 FAX Number: 886-2-8797-3923

Date Summary Prepared: November 26, 2014

# 2. Contact Persons:

Primary Contact:   
Mrs. Feng-Yu Lee   
Correspondent for this Application H2 Inc.   
c/o IVDD Regulatory Consultant   
29222 Rancho Viejo Road, Suite 218 San Juan Capistrano   
Tel: (949) 218-0929   
Fax: (949) 218-0928   
fengyulee@ivddreg.com Alternate Only:   
Erin Chung   
H2 Inc.   
5 Fl., No. 586, Ruiguang Rd.,   
Taipei City 114, Taiwan (R.O.C.) Contact Person: Chu-Yie Deng Phone Number: 886-2-8797-3844 FAX Number: 886-2-8797-3923

3. Name of the Device: Health2Sync Mobile Application and Smart Cable for Diabetes Management

# 4. Device Common or Usual Name:

Diabetes Monitoring (Blood Glucose Meter) and Data Management System (Software and adapters)

Regulation Info:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW: BloodGlucose TestSystem, Over-the-Counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR §862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry(75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calculator/DataProcessingModule forClinical Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JQP: Calculator/Data ProcessingModule for ClinicalUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR §862.2100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry(75)</td></tr></table>

4. Device Description:

The Health2Sync Mobile Application and Smart Cable (Mobile App and adapters) allows the transfer of blood glucose readings from the compatible glucose meter to smartphone via Smart Cable.

The App features enable the user to view and analyze blood glucose readings from different meal time periods, other features including lifestyle diary, interpretable graphs option, inviting and sharing data with partners, and emailing reports are available for viewing and analyzing blood glucose readings within the different time slots.

The system includes: 1) Health2Sync Mobile Application (through Apple store only), 2) Smart Cable, 3) Smart Cable $3 . 5 \mathrm { m m }$ connector (optional) and 4) Smart Cable and Application Quick Start Guide

Compatible Meters include: OMNIS Health Embrace BGMS Meter, (k113098) OMNIS Health Embrace EVO BGMS Meter (k090043), and Medline EvenCare G2 BGMS meter (k113208)

5. Intended Use:

Health2Sync Mobile Application is data management software that is intended for use in home and professional settings to aid people with diabetes and their healthcare professionals in the review, analysis and evaluation of glucose test results to support an effective diabetes management program. The Health2Sync Smart Cable allows users to upload blood glucose data from compatible FDA cleared meters to the Health2Sync Mobile Application on their iPhone operating system platform.

Health2Sync Mobile Application is not intended to provide treatment decisions nor is it to be used as a substitute for professional healthcare advice.

# 6. Predicate Device Information:

The Health2Sync Mobile Application and Smart Cable is substantially equivalent to the predicate device noted below.

Name: Glooko Device System for Glooko Logbook $^ +$ Application Device Company: Glooko, Inc.   
510(K) Number: K130886

7. Specification Comparison to Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Health2Sync(Candidate Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glooko Device System forGlooko Logbook+ Application(K130886)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use /Indication(s) forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For use by patients with diabetesto sync blood glucose data fromcompatible meters to mobile Appinstalled on compatible iOSdevice(s)Allow users to share data byemailing the report or invitingother personnel, including but notlimited to healthcare provider toview the dataWhen mobile App is installed ona smartphone, a database can beused to store users' profiles andmanage their blood glucosereadings.User needs to log in with uniqueuser ID and password to view andorganize blood glucose readings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•For use by patients with diabetes tosync blood glucose data fromcompatible meters to mobile Appinstalled on compatible iOS device(s)•Allow users to share data by emailingthe report• When mobile App is installed on asmartphone, a database can be used tostore users' profiles and manage theirblood glucose readings• User needs to log in with unique userID and password to view and organizeblood glucose readings.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operation System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iOS 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iOS 5.0 and higher</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Syncs withCompatible Meters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible BloodGlucose Meters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter (Up to 300 data stored),OMNIS Health Embrace EVOBGMS Meter (Up to 300 datastored), andMedline EvenCare G2 BGMSmeter (Up to 300 data stored)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other BGMS meters</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Audio Port</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30-pin or lightning 8-pin connector(require Apple's off-the-shelfLightning to 30-pin adapter forconnection)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COM Ports Scan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hardware 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Smart cable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeterSync CableIR Adapter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hardware 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iPhone 4, 4S, 5 and 5S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  iPod touch: 3 and 4G•  iPhone: 3GS, 4 and 4SiPad: iPad 1, 2 and iPad 3G(Accessed in 2X mode)iPod touch 5G, iPhone 5, iPadmini, and iPad 4G (requireApple's off-the-shelf Lightningto   30-pin  adapter   forconnection)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple PatientsUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes(Allow multiple patients to use thesame Smart Cable and Application,but with different user IDs)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data List</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">List all reading in "Diary"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High and low blood glucose targetlevels can be changed: Before Meal,After Meal, Bed Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High and low blood glucose targetlevels can be changed: Before Meal,After Meal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Daily ActivitiesRecords</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transferred DataTime Periods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14, 30, 60, and 90 day time periodsfor displaying the transfer bloodglucose levels cannot be changed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Base</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Can Set up multiple patient data bases</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Average DataDisplay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Invite Others toView Data throughAuthorization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes (through invitation feature)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Reports andCharts</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data List, statistics, Pie Chart, Linegraph by time of the day and by datefor the selected time periods (14 days,30 days, 60 days, 90 days).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data List, statistics, Pie Chart, Linegraph by time of the day and by datefor the selected time periods (twoweeks, 1 month)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Change MeterSettings</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Does not allow change to metersettings</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

8 - 4 Health2sync mobile app and smart cable 510k, 2014-11-26

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Password</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Password protection on the App</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Database Providers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amazon Web Service</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Associate a Meter toSpecific PersonalAccount</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No association</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No association</td></tr></table>

8. Discussion of Non-Clinical and Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence are as follows:

Verification and validation of test results were evaluated to establish the performance, functionality and reliability of the Rightest Diabetes Management System, and the GE Diabetes Management System.

# Data Transmission Memory Rollover Synchronization Verification

Data transmission accuracy and memory data rollover synchronization were tested at each compatible meter’s full data memory capacity to ensure successful upload and storage into software database of the Health2Sync Mobile App Management System. Software test used 2 meters per model, 6 meters in 3 models with fully loaded data; and 15 meters in 3 models with partially loaded data.

<table><tr><td>Meter</td><td>Expected Test Result</td><td>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">OMNIS Health Embrace BGMS Meter</td><td>Full set of data (300 records) transferred from meter to Mobile App was accurately downloaded</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>Meter memory data rollover accurately transmitted to Mobile App with additional new data</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">OMNIS Health Embrace EVO BGMS Meter</td><td>Full set of data (300 records) transferred from meter to Mobile App was accurately downloaded</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>Meter memory data rollover accurately transmitted to Mobile App with additional new data</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Medline EvenCare G2 BGMS meter</td><td>Full set of data (300 records) transferred from meter to Mobile App was accurately downloaded</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>Meter memory data rollover accurately transmitted to Mobile App with additional new data</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

8 - 5 Health2sync mobile app and smart cable 510k, 2014-11-26

Discussion of Non-Clinical and Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence (Cont.):

# User Performance Evaluation:

The User (Layperson) Performance Evaluation of Health2Sync Mobile Application and Smart Cable study included 21 participants of varying age, sex, background, education level, and work experience.

The study demonstrates that English-speaking/reading laypersons are able to follow user instructions to successfully download Health2Sync Mobile Application, connect Smart Cable with compatible meter to smartphone and import data to Health2Sync Mobile Application for diabetes management.

# Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC):

To evaluate the compliance of safety requirements for electrical equipment – Smart Cable, the certificate testing and compliance reports were performed by Compliance Certification Services Inc. Taiwan Wugu Laboratory.

The EMC reports confirmed that Smart Cable met performance criteria indicated by the standards.

# Readability Assessment:

The Readability Assessment Tests were performed using the Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level Score to evaluate the readability of the Smart Cable Quick Start guide and Mobile App User Manual.

The obtained results demonstrate that Smart Cable Quick Start guide and Mobile App User Manual each received a Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level that indicates each text is expected to be understood by an average student in the eighth grade. The assessments ranged from 7.7 to 7.9 and therefore each text meets the criteria.

# 9. Conclusion:

Results of performance evaluation of the Health2Sync Mobile App and Smart Cable with compatible blood glucose meters demonstrate that the subject devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.