# Special 510(k) Summary Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument with SDS Software

# Submitter:

Thermo Fisher Scientific   
Life Sciences Solutions Group   
Life Technologies Holdings Pte Ltd   
Blk 33, #07-06, Marsiling Industrial Estate, Road 3   
Singapore 739256

# Manufacturer:

Life Technologies Holdings Pte Ltd Blk 33, #07-06, Marsiling Industrial Estate, Road 3 Singapore 739256

# Contact:

Nikki Arora, Engineer, Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: 650-554-2268   
Fax: 240-379-4673   
Email: nikki.arora@thermofisher.com

# Alternate Contact:

Nicole Fisher, Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: 240-379-4602   
Fax: 240-379-4673   
Email: nicole.fisher@thermofisher.com

# Date Prepared:

May 22, 2014

# Device Information:

Proprietary Trade Name: Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument with SDS Software

Common Name: 7500 Fast Dx

Device Class: Class II

Classification Name: Instrumentation for Clinical Multiplex Test Systems (21 CFR 862.2570)

Product Code: NSU

Predicate Device: K082562, Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument with SDS Software version 1.4

Device Description: The Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR instrument integrates a thermal cycler, a fluorimeter and application specific software. The instrument houses the thermal cycler and the fluorimeter, while the application software is run on a PC that is attached to the instrument. Samples are placed in a tube strip or 96-well low-head space plate that is moved to a Pelter-based thermal block and positioned relative to the optics using a tray loading mechanism.

Excitation for all samples is provided by a halogen tungsten white source that passes through 5 switchable excitation filters prior to reaching the sample. Fluorescence emission is then detected through 5 color emissions filter wheel to a charge coupled device (CCD) camera. The instrument is designed to complete quantitative RT-PCR runs in about 40 minutes.

The Sequence Detection Software (SDS) is used for instrument control, data collection and data analysis. The software provides a wizard for user-friendly set-up. The software measures cycleby-cycle real-time signals from the sample and provides a variety of tools to help the user analyze the data extracted from the samples. In addition, the software provides lamp-life monitoring and other instrument maintenance information. The software runs as an application on the Windows 7 platform.

Intended Use/Indications of Use: The Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR instrument with the SDS Software is a real-time nucleic acid amplification and five color fluorescence detection system for use with FDA cleared or approved tests on human-derived specimens. The 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR instrument and SDS Software are intended for use in combination with in vitro diagnostic tests labeled for use on this instrument. The 7500 Fs Disent i tnde or  bybatory proesinalsraie n aby techniques, procedures, and on use of the system.

Miha weae en ovecoasn to modernize, and to implement consistency. The changes are not substantive changes in the use of the device and do not affect the safety and effectiveness of the device when used as labeled.

Summary of technological characteristics of the device compared to the predicate device:

The Applied Biosystems $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument with SDS Software is substantially equivalent to the predicate device Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument with SDS Software version 1.4 (K082562). A comparison table is provided below:

Table 1: Predicate Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device: AppliedBiosystems® 7500 Fast DxReal-Time PCR Instrumentwith SDS Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: AppliedBiosystems® 7500 Fast DxReal-Time PCR Instrumentwith SDS Software version 1.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Applied Biosystems 7500Fast Dx Real-Time PCRinstrument with the SDSSoftware is a real-time nucleicacid amplification and fivecolor fluorescence detectionsystem for use with FDAcleared or approved tests onhuman-derived specimens.The 7500 Fast Dx Real-TimePCR instrument and SDSSoftware are intended for use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Applied Biosystems® 7500Fast Dx Real-Time PCRinstrument with the SDSSoftware version 1.4 is a real-time nucleic acid amplificationand detection system thatmeasures nucleic acid signalsfrom reverse transcribed RNAand converts them tocomparative quantitativereadouts using fluorescentdetection of dual-labeled</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">in combination with in vitrodiagnostic tests labeled foruse on this instrument. The7500 Fast Dx instrument isintended for use by laboratoryprofessionals trained inlaboratory techniques,procedures, and on use of thesystem.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hydrolysis probes. The 7500Fast Dx instrument is to beused only by technologiststrained in laboratorytechniques, procedures, andon use of the analyzer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fundamental Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-Time PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument ComputerOperating System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Windows 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Windows XP</td></tr></table>

Non-clinical Testing Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence: Based on the risk analysis evaluation results, verification testing was conducted to support the modifications in the instrument computer operating system. The verification testing report included in the submission supports substantial equivalence to the predicate device.

Conclusion: The Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument with SDS Software has the same operating principle and technological characteristics as the previously cleared device. The changes in intended use were made only to remove the software version and to modernize the language; there is no change in the use of the device. In summary, the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument with SDS Software is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC (LIFE TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS PTE LTD.)   
NIKKI ARORA   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS ENGINEER May 22, 2014   
BLK 33, MARSILING INDUSTRIAL   
ESTATE ROAD 3, NO. 07-06   
SINGAPORE 739256

Re: K141220 Trade/Device Name: Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument with SDS Software Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.2570 Regulation Name: Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NSU Dated: May 13, 2014 Received: May 14, 2014

Dear Ms. Arora:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legafly marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The gl cntrol provisionshe c ic requiements  ual eistation, listi devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either classII (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 89) please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its tolfree number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# John Hobson -S for

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director, Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K141220

Device Name Applied Biosystems 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument with SDS Software

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Applied Biosstems7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR instruent with the SDS Sotware is a real-time nucleic emens. The50 Fst  Real-Tm CRtet nd SS Sotware  tene us natn i professionals trained in laboratory techniques, procedures, and on use of the system.

Concurence of Center for Devices and Radiological Health CDRH) (Signature) John Hobson -S 2014.05.22 12:33:44 -0400

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

The burden tmeor hscollectioninformation isestiated toverageours per esponsincl time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."