QUANTIMETRIX CORP. KALYNA SNYLYK 2005 MANHATTAN BEACH BLVD. REDONDO BEACH CA 90278-1205

Re: K142262 Trade/Device Name: AUTION CHECK Plus Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, reserved Product Code: JJW Dated: March 09, 2015 Received: March 09, 2015

Dear Kalyna Snylyk:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Stayce Beck -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) K142262</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name AUTION CHECK Plus</td></tr></table>

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOV

The burden time r collectionomationtimated averagehours peron cle tie t reviewnstructions,searh existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed ancople ad review the collection formation.Sen coments earding his burden etimate  any othe atn ollecnction   ur

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary AUTION CHECK Plus (K142262)

# Submitter:

Quantimetrix Corporation 2005 Manhattan Beach Blvd. Redondo Beach, CA 90278

# Contact person:

Kalyna Snylyk   
Director Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance   
Telephone: (310) 536-0006   
Fax: (310) 536-9977

Date Summary prepared: April 10th, 2015

# Device identification:

Product Trade name: AUTION CHECK Plus   
Common name: Urinalysis Controls, (Assayed)   
Review Panel: Clinical Chemistry and Clinical Toxicology Devices   
Classifications: Class I, reserved   
Product code: JJW   
Regulation number: 21 CFR 862.1660

# Device to which substantial equivalence is claimed

Dropper Urine Dipstick Control Quantimetrix Corporation Redondo Beach, CA 90278

510(k) number K874890

# Description of Device

The AUTION CHECK Plus, is a two level liquid control prepared from human urine source material with added stabilizers and preservatives. Level 1 is positive for bilirubin and urobilinogen and Level 2 is positive for glucose, protein, blood, ketone, nitrite and leukocytes.

The urine donors are screened for HBs and HBc antigen , HCV, HIV1, and HIV2, and found to be negative by US FDA accepted methods. human source material used to manufacture this control was tested by FDA accepted methods

# Value Assignment

The value assignment of each lot of AUTION CHECK Plus control is confirmed by laboratory analysis prior to release. Value assignment confirmation is performed by the Quality Control group in the laboratories of Quantimetrix Corporation. The testing is performed by three different operators using three different Arkray urinalysis analyzers. Each operator and analyzer performs a total of four tests on the control product. For each of the operators and analyzers, the mean of these four test results is then calculated. The means from all three operators and analyzers must fall within the specification range for the lot to be released.

# Intended use

The AUTION™ CHECK Plus is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use only, for performing quality control procedures with Arkray urine test strips and analyzers.

# Comparison of the new device with the Predicate Device

The new AUTION CHECK Plus claims substantial equivalence to the Dropper Urine Dipstick Control currently in commercial distribution (K874890). Table 1 (below) contains comparison information of similarities and differences between the new and predicate device to which substantial equivalence is claimed.

Table 1: Similarities and Differences between new and predicate device:   
Page 3 of 5   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AUTION CHECK Plus(New device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dropper Urine Dipstick Control(Predicate Device K874890)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Is intended as a control for urinalysisreagent strips and analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Twenty Five mL plastic squeezablebottle with dropper tip.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Each kit contains package insertinstructions and 4 x 25 mL Controlbottles, 2 Level 1 and 2 Level 2.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Condition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refrigerated (2-8°C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Procedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remove the control from therefrigerator and leave it thetemperature of 18-25°C for atleast 15 minutesMix by InversionReturn to the refrigerator uponcompletion of testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Closed Vial Shelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 2-8° C until the expiration date of18 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage and Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Vial StabilityOnce opened, AUTION CHECK Pluscan be used for 30 days as long as theunopened expiration date has not passed.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Vial StabilityWhen stored at 2-8°C the opened UrineDipstick Control bottles are stable untilthe expiration date stated on the label.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Procedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dispensing of the ControlDispense the required volume of controlinto a sample tube. Wipe the tip of thecontrol bottle and cap the bottle afterdispensing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dispensing of the ControlRemove cap and invert bottle. Whileholding dipstick, gently squeeze thesides of the dropper bottle, and touch thetip of the bottle to the dipstick. Drawacross all of the reagent pads,thoroughly saturating each pad.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose, Protein, Bilirubin,Urobilinogen, pH, Blood, Ketone,Nitrite, Leukocytes, Specific Gravity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose, Protein, Bilirubin,Urobilinogen, pH, Blood, Ketone,Nitrite, Leukocytes, Specific Gravity,Albumin, Creatinine, hCG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arkray does not make confirmatory testsso results are not included in the packageinsert.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Can be used as a control forconfirmatory tests such as Acetest,®Clinitest,® and Ictotest® reagenttablets, and for hCG methods.</td></tr></table>

# Statement of Supporting Data:

Accelerated stability studies were conducted to establish the open and unopened stability claims. Accelerated stability studies were conducted to establish the shelf-life stability claim. Acceptance criteria were met to support the product claims as follows:

Open vial Stability: 30 days at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ Closed vial Stability: 18 months at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ Shelf life Stability: 18 months at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$

Real time stability studies are ongoing and performed for every lot.

# Conclusion:

Based on the performance characteristics indicated above, the Aution Check Plus is substantially equivalent to the predicate device Dropper Urine Dipstick Control, reference 510(k) K874890