NOVA BIOMEDICAL CORPORATION   
PAUL W. MCDONALD   
CHIEF QUALITY ASSURANCE AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS OFFICER   
200 PROSPECT ST   
WALTHAM MA 02454

Re: K142220 Trade/Device Name: Stat Profile $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Prime ABG Analyzer System, Stat Profile $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Prime Auto QC Cartridge ABG, Stat Profile $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS, Stat Profile $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Prime Calibrator Cartridge ABG Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1120 Regulation Name: Blood gases (PCO2, PO2) and blood pH test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CHL, JIX, JJS Dated: August 29, 2014 Received: September 2, 2014

Dear Mr. Paul W. McDonald:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Stat Profile $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Prime ABG Analyzer System, Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge ABG, Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/ CCS, Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge ABG

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use by health care professionals in clinical laboratory settings for the quantitative determination of pH, PCO2, and PO2 in heparinized whole blood.

PCO2, PO2, pH: Whole blood measurement of blood gases is used in the diagnosis and treatment of life threatening acid-base disturbances.

Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge ABG is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer.

Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer.

Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge ABG is intended for the calibration of pH, PCO2, and PO2, using the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# 1. Submitter

510(K) Owner: Nova Biomedical Corporation Registration Number: 1219029 Address: 200 Prospect St. Waltham, MA 02454 Phone: 781-894-0800 Fax Number: 784-891-4806 Contact Person: Paul W. MacDonald Date Prepared: October 3, 2014

2. Device:

Proprietary Name:   
Stat Profile® Prime ABG Analyzer System, Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge ABG, Stat Profile Prime   
Ampuled Control ABG/CCS, Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge ABG

Common or Usual Name: Blood gases (PCO2, PO2) and blood pH Test System

Classification Name: Multiple

Classification Names: Blood Gases and Blood pH system Calibrators Quality Control Materials

Class No. 75CHL 75JIX 75JJS

Reg. No. Class 862.1120 II 862.1150 II 862.1660 I

Product Codes: CHL, JIX, JJS

# 3. Predicate Device:

K131703 - Stat Profile® Prime CCS Analyzer System, Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge CCS, Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS, Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCS/CCS Comp

# 4. Device Description:

The Stat Profile® Prime ABG Analyzer System is a small, low cost blood gas analyzer for laboratory use. The sensors and flow path have been integrated into one replaceable microsensor card, which is replaced periodically according to usage. The product, consumables, installation instructions and packaging are designed for easy customer installation. The Stat Profile $\textcircled{8}$ Prime ABG Analyzer System is not intended for Point of Care Use.

Whole blood specimens are aspirated into the analyzer’s microsensor card from syringes, tubes, or capillary blood collection devices using a peristaltic pump and a sampling probe. The disposable microsensor card contains the analytical flow path and the measurement sensors $( \mathsf { P C O } _ { 2 }$ , $\mathsf { P O } _ { 2 }$ , and pH). Once the analysis measurement is complete, the whole blood specimen is automatically flushed out of the microsensor card flow path and into a self-contained waste collection bag contained within the disposable calibrator cartridge.

As in the predicate Stat Profile® Prime CCS Analyzer System (K131703), the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer will have an enhanced test menu and multiple quality control options. Both traditional Internal and External liquid QC shall be offered, as well as an on-board Quality Management System (QMS), an electronic monitoring approach that insures the analyzer is working properly.

As with the predicate, the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer is microprocessor-based and incorporates:

traditional sensor technology to measure blood ${ \mathsf { p O } } _ { 2 }$ ion selective electrode technology to measure $\mathsf { P C O } _ { 2 }$ and, pH

Liquid quality control materials are available as internal auto-cartridge quality control packs and as external ampules. The sampling, calibration and quality control functions are fully automated.

Internal Calibration standards with dissolved gases are provided in sealed pouches eliminating the need for users to calibrate the blood gas electrodes using external compressed gas cylinders. The Calibration Cartridges contain aqueous solutions within individual flexible bags housed in a cardboard box and a flexible waste bag. Each bag includes a fitment with a septa that is pierced during the insertion of the cartridge into the analyzer.

The external glass ampule controls contain a buffered bicarbonate solution with a known pH level. The solutions are equilibrated with known levels of O2, CO2, and N2. Each ampule contains 1.7 ml volume.

The internal auto QC cartridge consists of 3 flexible bags within a cardboard carton. Each bag contains an aqueous quality control material for monitoring the measurement of pH, PCO2 and PO2. The aqueous quality control materials are composed of a buffered bicarbonate solution, with a known pH. Solutions are equilibrated with known levels of O2, CO2, and N2. Each bag contains a minimum volume of $1 0 0 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ .

The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer accepts Lithium heparin whole blood sample from syringes, open tubes, small cups, and capillary tubes. The minimum sample size for both syringe and capillary samples analysis is 50 μL.

# Measured Parameters:

The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer measures pH, $\mathsf { P C O } _ { 2 }$ , and PO2.

# 5. Indications for Use:

The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use by health care professionals in clinical laboratory settings for the quantitative determination of pH, $\mathsf { P C O } _ { 2 }$ , and $\mathsf { P O } _ { 2 }$ in heparinized whole blood.

pH, $\mathsf { P C O } _ { 2 }$ , $\mathsf { P O } _ { 2 }$ : Whole blood measurement of blood gases is used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.

The Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge ABG is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer.

The Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer.

The Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge ABG is intended for the calibration of pH, ${ \mathsf { P C O } } _ { 2 }$ , and $\mathsf { P O } _ { 2 }$ using the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer.

# 6. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the predicate device:

Both the Stat Profile $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Prime ABG Analyzer System and the predicate Stat Profile $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Prime CCS Analyzer System (K131703) are small, low cost blood gas analyzer for laboratory use. The sensors for measurement of $\mathsf { p H }$ , ${ \mathsf { P C O } } _ { 2 }$ , and $\mathsf { P O } _ { 2 }$ are identical. They both use disposable sensor cartridges, controls and calibrator packs. A comparison of the similarities and differences between the two systems is provided in the following tables:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparison of Stat Profile® Prime ABG Analyzer to the predicate - SimilaritiesCharacteristic                 Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile® Prime CCS Analyzer                     Proposed:taProfilePrime ABGAnalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, PCO2, PO2: Whole blood measurement of blood gases is used in thediagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGellow</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium heparinized whole blood from syringes, open tubes, small cups, andcapillary tubes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500-8.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 -200 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-765 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principles of Measurement</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrogen ion-selective sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Severinghaus-type sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polarographic Clark-type sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Touch Screen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7&quot; VGA full color display with LED backlight and integrated touch panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully configurable test menu based on above sensors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bar Code Scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Integrated 1D/2D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Printer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2&quot; Roll, Thermal Transfer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pump</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peristaltic Pump w/ Pressure Plate, TPE Tubing (Pharmed BPT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analog Board</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision low level analog front end w/ amperometric and potentiometricamplifiers, air detector circuitry and temperature control circuitry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Comparison of Stat Profile® Prime ABG Analyzer to the predicate - DifferencesCharacteristic Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile® Prime CCS     Proposed: Stat Profile® Prime ABG AnalyzerAnalyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">The Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System isintended for in vitro diagnostic use by health careprofessionals in clinical laboratory settings for thequantitative determination of pH, PCO2, PO2, Hct,Na+, K+, Cl-, iCa, and Glu (Glucose), in heparinizedwhole blood.</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer System isintended for in vitro diagnostic use by health careprofessionals in clinical laboratory settings for thequantitative determination of pH, PCO2, and PO2 inheparinized whole blood.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">canmaGlowb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Indication ForUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood measurements of the packedred cell volume of a blood sample areused to distinguish normal from abnormalstates, such as anemia and erythrocytosis(an increase in the number of red cells).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium measurement is used in thediagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism,diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension,Addison's disease, dehydration, ordiseases involving electrolyte imbalance.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium Measurement is used tomonitor electrolyte balance in thediagnosis and treatment of diseaseconditions characterized by low or highpotassium levels.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Comparison of Stat Profile® Prime ABG Analyzer to the predicate - DifferencesCharacteristic Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile® Prime CCS    Proposed: Stat Profile® Prime ABG AnalyzerAnalyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CI-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloride measurement is used in thediagnosis and treatment of electrolyte andmetabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosisand diabetic acidosis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium measurements are used in thediagnosis and treatment of parathyroiddisease, a variety of bone diseases,chronic renal disease and tetany(intermittent muscular contractions orspasms).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose measurement is used in thediagnosis and treatment of carbohydratemetabolism disturbances includingdiabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia,and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and ofpancreatic islet cell carcinoma.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volumes</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100μL (syringe and capillary)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">50μL (syringe and capillary)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementRange</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">12%-70%</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na+</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">80-200 mmol/L</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.0-20.0 mmol/L</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CI-</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">50-200 mmol/L</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa (Ca++)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.20-2.70 mmol/L</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glu</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">15-500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principles ofMeasurement</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Impedance sensor</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na+</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Sodium ion-selective sensor</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Potassium ion-selective sensor</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CI-</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Chloride ion-selective sensor</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa (Ca++)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Calcium ion-selective sensor</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glu</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase Enzymatic sensor</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Comparison of Stat Profile® Prime Calibrator Cartridge ABG to the predicate - Similarities</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCS</td><td>Proposed: Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge ABG</td></tr><tr><td>Configuration</td><td>2 level calibration standards per analyte, and reference solution</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Packaging</td><td>Liquid in Mylar bags inside cardboard container. Includes a waste collection bag. Self-contained, disposable packaging.</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Comparison of Stat Profile® Prime Calibrator Cartridge ABG to the predicate - Differences</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCS</td><td>Proposed: Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge ABG</td></tr><tr><td>Indication For Use</td><td>The Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge CCS is intended for the calibration of pH, PCO2, PO2, Hct, Na+, K+, Cl-, iCa, and Glucose using the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.</td><td>The Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge ABG is intended for the calibration of pH, PCO2, and PO2, using the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparison of Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge ABG to the predicate - Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge CCS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed: Stat Profile PrimeAuto QC Cartridge ABG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 level aqueous electrolyte, metabolite and gas solutions.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cartridge: Solution in Mylar bags inside cardboard container. Includes awaste collection bag. Self- contained, disposable packaging.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Comparison of Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge ABG to the predicate - Differences   

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge CCS</td><td>Proposed: Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge ABG</td></tr><tr><td>Indication For Use</td><td>The Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge CCS is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.</td><td>The Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge ABG is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Comparison of Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS to the predicate - Similarities</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS</td><td>Proposed: Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS</td></tr><tr><td>Configuration</td><td>3 level aqueous electrolyte, metabolite and gas solutions.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Packaging</td><td>Ampules: Each glass ampule contains 1.7 ml volume.</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

Comparison of Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS to the predicate - Differences   

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Predicate: K131703 Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS</td><td>Proposed: Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS</td></tr><tr><td>Indication For Use</td><td>The Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.</td><td>The Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer and the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Summary of Performance Testing:

Bench testing was completed to demonstrate that the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer is substantially equivalent in performance, safety and efficacy to the Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System.

# 7.1. Method Comparison Studies

# Whole Blood Patient Specimens:

Discarded heparinized arterial whole blood specimens from hospital patients were analyzed in duplicate on the three test analyzers and two reference analyzers. In order to cover the hard to find sample range, venous whole blood from male and female donors was tonometered to cover the analytical measurement range for all analytes. These samples were identified and noted as altered samples in the results. The number of data points (N) varies for each parameter due to error, calibration status, or insufficient sample volume to complete analysis.

Syringe Samples: A minimum of 150 whole blood specimens were analyzed for pH, pCO2 and pO2. The samples were analyzed on each of the test analyzers and on the Stat Profile Prime CCS Comp analyzers and compared for each parameter. The first replicate test analyzer result from each test system was compared to the average of the two results from the comparative method.

Results: The data for the whole blood method comparison of the Stat Profile Prime ABG vs. the Stat Profile Prime CCS Comp is summarized in Table 1 and contains the following information:.

slope and intercept of the fitted line   
total number of points used in the regression   
bias calculated from the regression line at medical decision levels   
range of data   
correlation coefficient   
number of altered samples

Table 1: Stat Profile Prime ABG vs. Stat Profile Prime CCS Comp Whole Blood Method Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Individual Analyzer Performance DataFirst Replicate vs. Average of Reference Analyzers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>total #specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># alteredspecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>specimenrange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#1#2#3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170175187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.771 - 7.7966.768 - 7.7896.776 - 7.799</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99870.99330.9937</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00420.04310.0433</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99710.99780.9986</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#1#2#3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161163168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.7 - 174.124.0 - 185.422.4 - 178.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98990.98340.9923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70420.59961.8045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99720.99750.9940</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#1#2#3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153165165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8 - 728.310.2 - 677.69.3 - 687.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01411.00741.0080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.68620.82370.7950</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99750.99850.9991</td></tr></table>

# 7.2. Precision/Reproducibility Studies

Run to Run Precision

Whole Blood: Estimates of the run to run precision were determined for each of the Stat Profile Prime analyzers by analyzing a single whole blood sample in triplicate over ten (10) separate runs during a single day. The run to run precision was measured on blood analyzed from a syringe and also from capillary containers. The analyzers were re-calibrated before each triplicate run.

Results: Estimates of the run to run precision were determined for the Stat Profile Prime ABG analyzers for blood analyzed in syringe and capillary modes. Statistical analysis for each parameter included mean, SD, $C V \%$ (pH excluded), and N for all analyzers. The data is summarized in Table 2

Table 2: Stat Profile Prime ABG Whole Blood Run to Run Precision Summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Syringe Mode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">pH Precision Data</td></tr><tr><td>Analyzer #1</td><td>N</td><td>Mean</td><td>Standard Deviation 0.010</td><td>CV%</td><td>Target</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>30</td><td>7.339</td><td>0007</td><td></td><td>7.332</td></tr><tr><td>#2 #3</td><td>30 30</td><td>7.337 7.336</td><td>0.009</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="6"></td></tr><tr><td>Analyzer</td><td>N</td><td>pCO2 Precision Data Mean</td><td>Standard Deviation</td><td>CV%</td><td>Target</td></tr><tr><td>#1</td><td>30</td><td>49.3</td><td>1.2</td><td>2.4</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>#2</td><td>30</td><td>49.6</td><td>1.2</td><td>2.5</td><td>51.2</td></tr><tr><td>#3</td><td>30</td><td>50.0</td><td>1.2</td><td>2.3</td><td>mmHg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">pO2 Precision Data</td></tr><tr><td>Analyzer</td><td>N</td><td>Mean</td><td>Standard Deviation</td><td>CV%</td><td>Target</td></tr><tr><td>#1</td><td>30</td><td>34.2</td><td>0.5</td><td>1.4</td><td>32.9</td></tr><tr><td>#2</td><td>30</td><td>35.1</td><td>0.5</td><td>1.3</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>#3</td><td>30</td><td>36.6</td><td>0.5</td><td>1.3</td><td>mmHg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">Capillary Mode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">pH Precision Data Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td>#1</td><td>N</td><td>Mean</td><td>Standard Deviation</td><td>CV%</td><td>Target</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>30</td><td>7.205</td><td>0.006</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>#2 #3</td><td>30 30</td><td>7.204 7.176</td><td>0.007 0.005</td><td></td><td>7.195</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">pCO2 Precision Data</td></tr><tr><td>Analyzer</td><td>N</td><td>Mean</td><td>Standard Deviation</td><td>CV%</td><td>Target</td></tr><tr><td>#1</td><td>30</td><td>73.0</td><td>2.2</td><td>3.0</td><td>75.3</td></tr><tr><td>#2 #3</td><td>30 30</td><td>74.1 69.7</td><td>2.6 2.4</td><td>3.5 3.5</td><td>mmHg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">pO2 Precision Data</td></tr><tr><td>Analyzer</td><td>N</td><td>Mean</td><td>Standard Deviation</td><td>CV%</td><td>Target</td></tr><tr><td>#1</td><td>30</td><td>61.7</td><td>0.7</td><td>1.2</td><td>59.8</td></tr><tr><td>#2</td><td>30</td><td>64.2</td><td>1.2</td><td>1.8</td><td>mmHg</td></tr><tr><td>#3</td><td>30</td><td>61.6</td><td>0.7</td><td>1.1</td><td></td></tr></table>

Control Solutions: Estimates of the run to run precision were determined for each of the Stat Profile Prime analyzers by analyzing Stat Profile Prime Quality Control solutions (3 levels for each parameter in QC mode) in duplicate, two runs per day for a total of forty (40) runs. The data is summarized in Table 3

Results: Estimates of the run to run precision were determined for the Stat Profile Prime ABG analyzers for each level of Quality Control. Statistical analysis for each parameter included pooled mean, Sr, ST, $C V \%$ (pH excluded), and N for all analyzers. .

Table 3: Stat Profile Prime ABG Quality Control Run to Run Precision Summary   
${ \tt p } { \tt c } { \tt O } _ { 2 }$ Precision Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>pH Precision Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PooledMean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run SD (Sr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total imprecisionSD (st)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalImprecision%C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.134-7.184</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.358</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.342-7.392</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.569</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.549-7.599</td></tr></table>

${ \mathfrak { p o } } _ { 2 }$ Precision Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PooledMean(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run SD (Sr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total imprecisionSD (st)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalImprecision%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target RangemmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.2-67.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2-45.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.9-27.9</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PooledMean(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run SD (Sr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total imprecisionSD (St)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalImprecision%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target RangemHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0-66.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.8-106.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.7-149.7</td></tr></table>

# Within Run Precision

One run of each, 20 replicates per run, of the following materials was performed:

Whole Blood – analyzed from syringe Whole Blood – analyzed from capillary containers Stat Profile Prime Quality Control Level 1 Stat Profile Prime Quality Control Level 2 Stat Profile Prime Quality Control Level 3

Results: The average, SD, $C V \%$ and N for each analyzer, sample type, and parameter was calculated. The data is summarized in Table 4.

Table 4: Stat Profile Prime ABG With-in Run Precision – Whole Blood   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Stat Profile Prime ABG With-in Run Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Whole Blood Syringe Mode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer # 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer # 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3670.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3560.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3700.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.359</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanSDCV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.70.41.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.90.40.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.00.51.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanSDCV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.21.21.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.61.21.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.51.21.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Whole Blood Capillary Mode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer # 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer # 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3490.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3350.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3480.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.351</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanSDCV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.30.61.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.90.71.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.80.61.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MeanSDCV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>92.91.92.0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>91.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.82.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr></table>

Results: The average, SD, $C V \%$ and N for each analyzer for each QC level and parameter was calculated. The pooled average, SD, $C V \%$ and N from all 3 analyzers for each QC level and parameter was calculated. The data is summarized in Table 5.

Table 5: Stat Profile Prime ABG With-in Run Precision - Controls   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>On Board Quality Control Level 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer # 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer # 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer # 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.134-7.184</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pCO2(mHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.2-67.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pO2(mHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0-66.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On Boar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d Quality Cont</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer # 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer # 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer # 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.342-7.392</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pCO2(mHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2-45.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.8-106.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On Boar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d Quality Cont</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer # 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer # 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer # 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.563</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.554</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.563</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.549-7.599</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1> pCO2(mHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.9-27.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.7-149.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Linearity Testing

10 – 14 levels were prepared by tonometering, spiking or diluting whole blood to span the analytical measurement range for each parameter. Each blood level was analyzed in duplicate on each of the three (3) test analyzers and on the Stat Profile Prime CCS Comp analyzers. The Prime CCS Comp analyzers were used to establish the target value of each blood level for each parameter. The observed values from each test analyzer were compared to the results from the comparative method.

Results: Least squares linear regression analysis of the test results vs. the reference analyzer results was performed. The data is summarized in Table 6 and contains the following information:

slope and intercept of the fitted line   
total number of points used in the regression   
range of data   
correlation coefficient

Conclusion: The comparison data for all parameters for the Stat Profile Prime analyzers shows good correlation with the reference analyzer across the claimed measurement range for all parameters.

Table 6: Stat Profile Prime ABG Whole Blood Linearity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Individual Analyzer Performance Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>total #levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.555 - 8.221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9915</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0632</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.558 - 8.250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9948</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.531 - 8.230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9 - 230.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.5304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9982</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 - 228.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8671</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9975</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 - 229.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9934</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2697</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9990</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3 - 719.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9936</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.7134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9994</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7 - 721.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.9551</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3 - 728.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1656</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9995</td></tr></table>

# Interference Testing

As described above, the measuring technology, physical characteristics, composition, and measurement surface area of the pH, pCO2,and pO2 sensors of the candidate device that are in direct contact with the sample are identical to the sensors of the predicate device. The device software was changed to allow for testing of pH, pCO2, and pO2 only with the candidate device, but this software change did not affect the pH, pCO2, and pO2 measurements. Therefore, evaluation of potential interferents was not repeated for the candidate device since this study was performed previously for the predicate device in k131703.

# 8. Traceability

# pH

The pH standards and reagents used for Nova Biomedical products are traceable to NIST primary pH reference material SRM 2186I and 2186II.

# $\mathsf { P C O } _ { 2 } / \mathsf { P O } _ { 2 }$

$\mathsf { P C O } _ { 2 } / \mathsf { P O } _ { 2 }$ controls and reagents are measured against Nova Biomedical CO2/02 gases traceable to NIST's SRM 2191A and 1702A.

9. Stability and Value Assignment for Internal and External Controls

# Stability/Shelf Life:

Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge ABG - 18 month shelf life for the when stored unopened. Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge ABG - 18 month shelf life when stored unopened at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Control ABG/CCS - 18 month shelf life

# Value Assignment:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge ABG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 401741</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insert Sheet Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.134-7.184</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.2-67.2 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0-66.0 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.342-7.392</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2-45.2 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.8-106.8 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.549-7.599</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.9-27.9 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.7-149.7 mmHg</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Stat Profile Prime Ampuled Controls ABG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 309702</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insert Sheet Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.118-7.168</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.6-73.6 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.2-66.2 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.333-7.383</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.6-50.6 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9-111.9 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.548-7.598</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.3-28.3 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121.7-145.7 mmHg</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Stat Profile Prime ABG Target Calibrator Values</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Soln R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.354</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.840</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mol/L KCI</td></tr></table>

# 10. Software Verification and Validation

The software incorporated into the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer was developed and documented in compliance with the internal design control and software verification/validation procedures of Nova Biomedical.

# 11. Electromagnetic Compatibility and Electrical Safety

Electromagnetic Compatibility and electrical safety tests were performed on the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer System to demonstrate compliance with current standards applicable to the device listed in section 12 below.

# 12. Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced

CLSI EP09-A2 - Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline – Second Edition   
NCCLS EP5-A2 - Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline – Second Edition   
NCCLS, EP6-A - Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline   
EN 61010-1/A2:2001 - Safety Requirements for Electrical Equipment   
EN 61010-2-081:2003 - Particular requirements for automatic and semi-automatic laboratory equipment for analysis and other purposes   
EN 61010-2-101:2002 - Particular requirements for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical equipment

# 13. Conclusion:

The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer System is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared for market Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System in intended use. It uses the same sensor technology and measurement algorithms for pH, $\mathsf { P C O } _ { 2 }$ , and $\mathsf { P O } _ { 2 }$ , and the formulations of the internal and external controls and the calibration cartridge are the same for the tested parameters

The results of software validation and performance verification testing confirmed that the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer is safe and effective for its intended purpose and that the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer System is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate Stat Profile Prime CCS Analyzer System (K131703).