Re: K142127 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: August 1, 2014 Received: August 4, 2014

Dear Ms. Turner:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

510(k) Number

k142127.

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road, P.O. Box 50416 Indianapolis, IN 46250-0416

Contact Person: Kelli Turner Phone: 317-521-4515 Fax: 317-521-2324 Email: kelli.turner@roche.com

Secondary Contact: Michael Leuther Phone: 317-521-3930   
Fax: 317-521-2324   
Email: michael.leuther@roche.com

Date Prepared: September 4, 2014

# Device Name

# Proprietary name:

Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5

# Common name:

Estradiol III CalCheck 5

Classification:

21 CFR 862.1660, Single (specified) analyte controls (assayed and unassayed)

Product Code: Panel:

JJX Single (Specified) Analyte Controls Clinical Chemistry (75)

# Device Description

Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5:

The Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5 is a lyophilized product consisting of 5 different levels of synthetic Estradiol in a human serum matrix. It has been standardized against ID-GC/MS (isotope dilution gas chromatography mass spectrometry).

# Intended use

Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5:

The Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5 is an assayed control for use in calibration verification and for use in the verification of the assay range established by the Elecsys Estradiol III reagent on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Predicate device

The Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5 is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. We claim equivalency to the currently marketed Elecsys CK-MB CalCheck 5 (k133284).

Continued on next page

The table below compares Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5 with the predicate device, Elecsys CK-MB CalCheck 5 (k133284).

Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Estradiol IIICalCheck 5(Candidate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys CK-MB CalCheck 5(k133284)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys Estradiol IIICalCheck 5 is an assayedcontrol for use in calibrationverification and for use in theverification of the assay rangeestablished by the ElecsysEstradiol III reagent on theindicated Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys CK-MB CalCheck5 is an assayed control for use incalibration verification and foruse in the verification of theassay range established by theElecsys CK-MB reagent on theindicated Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estradiol (synthetic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human CK-MB</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayMeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 - 3000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 - 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check TargetValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check 1: ≤ 10 pg/mLCheck 2: 100 pg/mLCheck 3: 1500 pg/mLCheck 4: 2400 pg/mLCheck 5: 3000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check 1: ≤ 1.00 ng/mLCheck 2: 5.0 ng/mLCheck 3: 150 ng/mLCheck 4: 240 ng/mLCheck 5: 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute Check 1, Check 2,Check 3, Check 4, and Check 5with exactly 1.0 mL distilled ordeionized water. Allow to standclosed for 15 minutes, then mixgently by inversion to ensurehomogeneity.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8°C until expirationdateOpened:20-25°C: 4 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

The Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5 was standardized against ID-GC/MS (isotope dilution gas chromatography mass spectrometry).

# Value Assignment

Value assignment testing was conducted and passed pre-defined acceptance criteria. For each Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5 lot manufactured, the CalChecks are run in duplicate on at least three cobas e 601/MODULAR ANALYTICS E170 analyzers. The assigned value of each CalCheck is defined as the mean value obtained over at least 6 determinations (duplicate runs on at least 3 analyzers) of the respective CalCheck.

The CalCheck assigned range is calculated as $\pm 2 7 \%$ of the assigned value for levels 2 through 5. The label states that each laboratory should establish appropriate acceptance criteria when using this product for its intended use.

The same value assignment procedure is performed on the cobas e 411/Elecsys 2010. The assigned values obtained are compared to those obtained on the cobas e 601/MODULAR ANALYTICS E170. The mean value obtained on the additional analyzer must be within $10 \%$ of the master platform (cobas e 601) assigned value. After this acceptance criterion is met, the assigned values from the master platform are deemed valid for the MODULAR ANALYTICS E170, Elecsys 2010, cobas e 411, cobas e 601, and cobas e 602 immunoassay analyzers.

# Target Values

The CalCheck target values for the Elecsys Estradiol III are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Check Target Values</td><td>Check 1: ≤ 10 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Check 2: 100 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Check 3: 1500 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Check 4: 2400 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Check 5: 3000 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

Two studies were performed in order to verify the stability claims for the Estradiol III CalCheck 5. Additionally, a real-time stability study is planned.

Opened-vial and accelerated stability studies were completed on the cobas e 411. Because these studies are not analyzer-dependent, these results, in addition to real-time stability study results, can be applied to the Elecsys 2010, MODULAR ANALYTICS E170, cobas e 601 and cobas e 602.

# Study 1. Open-Vial Stability:

The on-test and reference materials were tested in duplicate. The on-test material was reconstituted and stored for 6 hours at $2 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ (in an open vial). The reference material was a freshly reconstituted set of CalChecks. The ontest recovery was calculated as a percent of the reference value.

One Estradiol III CalCheck 5 lot was evaluated in duplicate on the cobas e 411. The acceptance criterion for CalCheck Level 1 is $\leq 1 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ ; for CalCheck Level 2 the acceptance criterion is $8 5 \mathrm { - } 1 1 5 \%$ recovery; and for CalCheck Levels 3-5, the acceptance criterion is recovery of $90 { - } 1 1 0 \%$ recovery of the reference material value.

The data support the package insert claim that reconstituted Estradiol III CalCheck 5 is stable up to 4 hours at $2 0 – 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

The CalCheck products are not stored on-board the analyzers, therefore no on-board stability claims are made.

# Study 2. Accelerated Stability:

The on-test material was stored lyophilized (as supplied to the user) at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 3 weeks. The reference material was a freshly reconstituted set of CalChecks (stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ). After 3 weeks, the test and reference materials were tested in duplicate. The on-test recovery was calculated as a percent of the reference value.

One Estradiol III CalCheck 5 lot was evaluated in duplicate on the cobas e 411. The acceptance criterion for CalCheck Level 1 is $\leq 1 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ ; for CalCheck Level 2 the acceptance criterion is $8 5 \mathrm { - } 1 1 5 \%$ recovery; and for CalCheck Levels 3-5, the acceptance criterion is recovery of $90 { - } 1 1 0 \%$ of the reference material value.

The accelerated stability model employed supports an initial shelf-life claim of 18 months when the Estradiol III CalCheck 5 are stored under normal storage conditions of $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# Conclusion

We trust that the data and information provided in this Premarket Notification 510(k) submission will support a determination of substantial equivalence for the Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5.