Velano Vascular   
Ms. Tiffini Diage   
Consulting Director of Regulatory Affairs   
1500 Locust Street, Suite 4311   
Philadelphia, PA 19102

Re: K142946 Trade/Device Name: TIVATM Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JKA Dated: October 8, 2014 Received: October 10, 2014

Dear Ms. Diage:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tollfree number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Erin I. Keith, M.S.   
Director   
Division of Anesthesiology, General Hospital, Respiratory, Infection Control and Dental Devices   
Office of Device Evaluation   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# 1.0 Indications for Use Statement

Device Name: TIVATM

# Indications for Use:

The $\mathrm { T I V A ^ { T M } }$ device is attached to a peripheral IV catheter at the time of IV catheter placement for use as a direct blood draw device into a vacuum tube or a syringe.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Table 1: 510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td>Submitter:</td><td>Velano Vascular, Inc. 1500 Locust St Suite 4311 Philadelphia PA 19102</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person:</td><td>Tiffini Diage Consulting Director Regulatory Affairs Phone: 707.799.6732 E-mail: tdiage@raechelon.com</td></tr><tr><td>Date Prepared:</td><td>10/10/14</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Name:</td><td>TIVATM</td></tr><tr><td>Common Name:</td><td>Blood specimen collection device</td></tr><tr><td>Classification:</td><td>Class II</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code:</td><td>21 CFR 862.1675</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate Device(s):</td><td>The subject device is equivalent to the following devices: K081229 - Saf-T Closed Blood Collection System</td></tr><tr><td>Device Description:</td><td>The TIVA TM device is a sterile, single use device. It is a needle- free blood collection device that attaches to a peripheral IV system (PIV). The device is comprised of an inner tube with plunger, proximal flexible tube with female luer, and outer barrel with male luer. The male luer attaches to the PIV system. The female luer attaches to a blood transfer device or syringe. The device is then advanced to collect a blood sample. Once complete, the device is retracted and removed from the PIV.</td></tr><tr><td>Indication for Use:</td><td>The TIVA device is attached to a peripheral IV catheter at the time of IV catheter placement for use as a direct blood draw device into a vacuum tube or a syringe.</td></tr></table>

# Functional and Safety Testing:

To verify that the device design meets its functional and performance requirements, representative samples of the device underwent biocompatibility, sterilization, and mechanical testing in accordance with the following industry standards.

ISO 10993-1 Biological evaluation of medical devices - Part 1: Evaluation and testing within a risk management process

ISO-11137-1 Sterilization of Health Care Products. GAMMA Sterilization Requirements for Development, Validation and Routine Control of a Sterilization Process for Medical Devices

Table 2: Comparison to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TIVA(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saf-T Closed Blood CollectionSystem(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Velano Vascular, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Smiths Medical ASD, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venous blood sampling</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient Interface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separately placed commerciallyavailable peripheral IV catheter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV Attachment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male Luer Connection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood CollectionAttachment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female Luer to Blood Transfer Deviceor Syringe</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Materials and Chemical Composition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tubing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TransparentFlexible</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pyrogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-pyrogenic</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Performance / Design Specifications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible PIV Sizes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14G - 22G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14G - 24G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tubing Length</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6&quot; and 12&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample collection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male luer connection to PIV, tubeinserted into PIV, blood is drawnthrough tube into an blood transferdevice</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male luer connection to PIV, blood isdrawn through tubing and into bloodtransfer device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Retraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sterilization Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylene Oxide</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

Velano Vascular considers the TIVA device to be equivalent to the predicate device listed above. This conclusion is based upon the device's similarities in indications for use, principles of operation, materials, and intended use.