SIEMENS HEALTHCARE DIAGNOSTICS, INC.DONNA VELASQUEZ  
REGULATORY TECHNICAL SPECIALIST5210 PACIFIC CONCOURSE DRIVE  
LOS ANGELES CA 90045

Re: K143373 Trade/Device Name: IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 Calcitonin Calibration Verification Material IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP) Calibration Verification Material Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: December 1, 2014 Received: December 2, 2014

Dear Ms. Donna Velasquez:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -A

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMS No.0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# •Do NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services   
Food and Drug Administration Office   
of Chief Information Officer   
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff   
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

':An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of infonnation unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Dale: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

Device Name IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP) Calibration Verification Material

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources,gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection,including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) Number: K143373

1. Submitter Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 5210 Pacific Concourse Drive Los Angeles, CA 90045

# Contact Person:

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

Donna Velasquez   
Regulatory Technical Specialist (310)-645-8200 x7403 (310)- 645-9999   
donna.velasquez@siemens.com November 21, 2014

2. Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

IMMULITE® 2000 Calcitonin Calibration Verification Material   
Quality Control materials for IMMULITE® 2000 Calcitonin assay   
Calibration Verification Material (CVM) for IMMULITE® 2000   
Calcitonin assay   
21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX – Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and   
Unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code:

Panel:

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 Intact PTH Calibration Verification Material   
(CVM)   
K140258

4. Device Description:

The IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 Calcitonin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) contains one set of four vials each $3 \mathrm { m L }$ after reconstitution. CVM1 contains bovine protein buffer matrix with preservatives and CVM2, CVM3, and CVM4 contain calcitonin in bovine protein buffer matrix with preservative.

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below   
The IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 Calcitonin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Calcitonin assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s): Special Instrument Requirements:

For prescription use only

IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

Section 006, Pages 1 of 8

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 Calcitonin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Calcitonin CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Intact PTHCVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® CalcitoninCalibration Verification Material(CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use inthe verification of calibration of theIMMULITE Calcitonin assay on theIMMULITE 2000 systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® Intact PTHCalibration Verification Material(CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use inthe verification of calibration of theIMMULITE Intact PTH assay on theIMMULITE 2000 systems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:S-20°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until theexpiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine protein buffer with preservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Beta-2Microglobulin CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Intact PTH CVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcitonin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intact PTH</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Performance testing has been carried out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance Specifications for its intend use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

Stability Summary:

The stability study was conducted to validate real-time shelf life and open component (in-use or open vial) claim for the IMMULITE 2000 Calcitonin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the CVM. The Calibration Verification Materials are stable up to 5 years when stored at $- 2 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ prior to opening.

Open Component stability studies presents results that support 8 hours of stability at ambient or room temperature $( 1 5 . 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ after reconstitution.

Stability Protocol Summary:

The CVM study protocols are run as part of the calibrator stability testing. The stability calibrators/CVMs are run in duplicate (as a minimum) at the time points shown in Table 2, and the dose value is determined from the reference calibrator curve.

Table 2: Stability Protocol Summary - LCLCVM Lot 005   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Time-Points (Months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCLCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCLCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCLCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCLCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr></table>

For Open Component testing, the results were determined from a 2-point adjustment. Using IMMULITE 2000 Calcitonin (L2KCL) kit lot 239, CVM lot 090 was tested at 2-hourly intervals for up to 9 hours at ambient or room temperature ( $1 5 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ conditions.

# Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:

The Acceptance Criteria for the Calcitonin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) require dose value of stability calibrators/CVM to fall between $\pm 1 2 \%$ of assigned dose for CVM level 2 and $\pm 1 0 \%$ for CVM levels 3 and 4 as shown in Table 3.

Table 3: Acceptance criteria for stability of IMMULITE 2000 Calcitonin CVM 005   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssignedDose(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GuidelineCriteria% differenceto assigneddose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptabledose range(pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCLCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:: 2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCLCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±12%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6 - 21.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCLCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>284 - 348</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCLCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1874 - 2290</td></tr></table>

# Traceability:

The IMMULITE Calcitonin CVMs are traceable to WHO $2 ^ { \mathrm { n d } }$ IRP 89/620. The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# Value Assignment:

The IMMULITE Calcitonin CVMs are 4 level materials which are a subset of 7 level Calcitonin calibrators. Calibrators are not commercialized but are used internally during manufacture and release testing of Calcitonin reagents and two point adjustors. The IMMULITE calibrators and therefore CVMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators. The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures. The CVMs dose values are generated using curve generated by assigned reference calibrators. The CVM values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. CVM values are then averaged across all systems. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples, spiked patient samples and controls using the assigned CVM values. Two levels of commercially available controls and 25 spiked normal patient samples were used to validate calibrator/CVM value assignments.

# Expected Values/Target Values/Reference Range:

Each CVM level was tested for a total of 27 replicates; 9 runs and 3 replicates per run, 3 different reagent kit lots and 8 IMMULITE 2000 systems. The Guideline Range $9 5 \%$ confidence interval) for each CVM level was established based on the Target Mean and $\pm ~ 2$ Standard Deviation (SD). The target values are provided in the IMMULITE® 2000 CVM Calibration verification Material lotspecific value card. The expected assay range is 2 to $2 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ . The target values in Table 4 can be considered as guidelines.

Table 4: Analyte Target Range Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Analyte targetlevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetMean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviation(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline ±2SD Range(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCLCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:S2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCLCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCLCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>348</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCLCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2332</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>2 to 2000 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot specific.

# Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents Guidance for Industry – Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

# Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8. Conclusion:

The IMMULITE® 2000 Calcitonin Calibration Verification Material is substantially equivalent to the predicate device intended for similar use. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 Calcitonin Calibration Verification Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

# 510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) Number: K143373

1. Submitter Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 5210 Pacific Concourse Drive Los Angeles, CA 90045

# Contact Person:

Donna Velasquez   
Regulatory Technical Specialist   
(310) 645-8200 x7403 (310)   
645-9999   
donna.velasquez@siemens.com   
November 21, 2014

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

2. Device Name Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

IMMULITE® 2000 Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP)   
Calibration Verification Material Quality Control materials for   
IMMULITE® 2000 PAP assay Calibration Verification   
Material (CVM) for IMMULITE® 2000 PAP assay   
21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX – Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and   
Unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code:

Panel:

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

IMMULITE 2000 SHBG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) K140541

4. Device Description:

The IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP) Calibration Verification Material (CVM) contains one set of four vials, $2 \mathrm { m L }$ each after reconstitution. CVM1 contains a bovine protein/buffer with $0 . 2 7 \%$ sodium azide and preservative. CVM2, CVM3, and CVM4 contain human prostatic acid phosphatase in a bovine protein/buffer matrix with $0 . 2 7 \%$ sodium azide and preservative.

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below The IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP) Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE PAP assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s):

For prescription use only

# Special Instrument Requirements:

# IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 PAP Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 PAP CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 SHBG CVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® Prostatic AcidPhosphatase (PAP) Calibration VerificationMaterial (CVM) is for in vitro diagnosticuse in the verification of calibration of theIMMULITE PAP assay on theIMMULITE 2000 systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® SHBG CalibrationVerification Material (CVM) is for invitro diagnostic use in the verificationof calibration of the IMMULITESHBG assay on the IMMULITE 2000systems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until the expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 PAP CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 SHBG CVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine protein/buffer matrix with 0.27%Sodium Azide and preservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffered bovine/protein withpreservatives</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PAP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHBG</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Performance testing has been carried out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance specifications for its intend use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

# Stability Summary:

The stability study was conducted to validate real-time shelf life and open component (in-use or open vial) claim for the IMMULITE 2000 PAP Calibration Verification Material (CVM) to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the CVM. The Calibration Verification Materials are stable up to 10 years when stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ prior to opening, and for 8 hours at ambient or room temperature $1 5 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ after opening.

# Stability Protocol Summary:

The CVM study protocols are run as part of the calibrator stability testing. The stability CVMs and reference CVMs are run in duplicate (as a minimum) at the time points shown in Table 2 and the dose value determined from the reference calibrator curve.

Table 2: Stability Protocol Summary – LPACVM Lot 005   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Time-Points (Months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCRPCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCRPCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCRPCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCRPCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr></table>

# Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:

The Acceptance Criteria for the IMMULITE PAP Calibration Verification Material (CVM) require dose value of stability CVMs to fall between $\pm 2 0 \%$ of the assigned dose for CVM level 2 and 4 and $\pm 1 5 \%$ of the assigned dose for CVM level 3 as shown in Table 3.

Table 3: Acceptance criteria for stability of IMMULITE 2000 PAP CVM Lot 005   

<table><tr><td>CVM level</td><td>Assigned Dose (ng/mL)</td><td>Guideline Criteria % difference to assigned dose</td><td>Acceptable dose range (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>LPACVM1</td><td>0.00</td><td>N/A</td><td>::0.05</td></tr><tr><td>LPACVM2</td><td>1.3</td><td>±20%</td><td>1.04 - 1.56</td></tr><tr><td>LPACVM3</td><td>5.6</td><td>±15%</td><td>4.76  6.44</td></tr><tr><td>LPACVM4</td><td>140</td><td>±20%</td><td>112  168</td></tr></table>

Traceability:   
The IMMULITE PAP CVMs are traceable to an internal standard. The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# Value Assignment:

The IMMULITE PAP CVMs are 4 level materials which are a subset of 7 level PAP calibrators. Calibrators are not commercialized but are used internally during manufacture and release testing of PAP reagents and two point adjustors. The IMMULITE calibrators and therefore CVMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators. The CVMs dose values are generated using curve generated by assigned reference calibrators. The CVM values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. The CVM values are then averaged across all systems. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples and controls using the assigned CVM values. The controls must fall within their target ranges. Six levels of commercially available controls and 27 samples (22 spiked serum samples and 5 normal female serum samples) were used to validate calibrator/CVM value assignments.

# Expected Values/Target Values/Reference Range:

The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures. The PAP CVMs were tested on 15 replicates in total comprised of 5 runs and 3 replicates per run on 4 IMMULITE 2000 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The CVMs dose values are generated using curve generated by assigned reference calibrators. The CVM values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. The CVM values are then averaged across all systems. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples and controls using the assigned CVM values. The Guideline Range $9 5 \%$ confidence interval) for each CVM level was established based on the Target Mean and $\pm \nobreakspace 2 \nobreakspace$ Standard Deviation (SD). The expected assay range is 0.2 to $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / L }$ . The target values in Table 4 can be considered as guidelines.

Table 4: Analyte Target Range Levels   

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Analyte targetlevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetMean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviation(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline ±2SD Range(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LPACVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:S0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LPACVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LPACVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LPACVM475% LCRPCVM4 +25% LCRPCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Up to 100 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

NOTE: CVM4 requires dilution to ensure that the target value is within the $+ 1 0 \%$ of the top of the reportable range of the assay.

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot specific.

# Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents Guidance for Industry – Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

# Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8. Conclusion:

The IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 PAP Calibration Verification Material is substantially equivalent to the predicate device intended for similar use. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 PAP Calibration Verification Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.