TOSOH BIOSCIENCE, INC.  
ROBERT WICK  
REGULATORY SPECIALIST  
6000 SHORELINE COURT  
SUITE 101  
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO CA 94080

Re: K143075 Trade/Device Name: ST AIA-PACK SHBG, ST AIA-PACK SHBG Calibrator Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1680 Regulation Name: Testosterone Test System Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: CDZ, JIT Dated: June 22, 2015 Received: June 23, 2015

Dear Robert Wick:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For:

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K143075

Device Name ST AIA-PACK SHBG, ST AIA-PACK SHBG Calibrator Set

Indications for Use (Describe) ST AIA-PACK SHBG is designed for In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only for the quantitative measurement of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) in human serum or Na heparinized plasma on Tosoh AIA System Analyzers. The ST AIAPACK SHBG assay is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of androgen disorders.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

# 510(k) Summary

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

# 510(k) Summary

K143075

# ST AIA-PACK SHBG

# Date: Submitter:

June 30, 2015 Tosoh Bioscience, Inc 3600 Gantz Road Grove City, OH 43123

# Contact Person:

Robert L. Wick Regulatory Specialist 6000 Shoreline Ct., Ste. 101 South San Francisco, CA 94080 Phone: 650-636-8117 Fax: 650-636-8121 Email: Robert.Wick@tosoh.com

# Device Name: Classification:

ST AIA-PACK SHBG Class I, reserved CDZ Clinical Chemistry 21 CFR 862.1680

Device Name: Classification

ST AIA-PACK SHBG Calibrator Set   
Class II   
JIT   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 862.1150

Predicate Device:

k060818   
Abbott/ BIOKIT S.A.   
ARCHITECT SHBG REAGENT KIT, ARCHITECT SHBG CALIBRATOR KIT

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

# 510(k) Summary

# ST AIA-PACK SHBG

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Device Description:

The ST AIA-PACK SHBG is a two-site immunoenzymometric assay which is performed entirely in the ST AIA-PACK SHBG test cups. SHBG present in the test sample is bound with monoclonal antibody immobilized on a magnetic solid phase and enzyme-labeled monoclonal antibody in the test cups. The magnetic beads are washed to remove unbound enzyme-labeled antibody and are then incubated with a fluorogenic substrate, 4-methylumbelliferyl phosphate (4MUP). The amount of enzyme-labeled monoclonal antibody that binds to the beads is directly proportional to the SHBG concentration in the test sample. A standard curve is constructed, and unknown sample concentrations are calculated using this curve.

The following materials are required to perform SHBG analysis using the ST AIA-PACK SHBG (Cat. No. 025238) on the Tosoh AIA System Analyzer.

ST AIA-PACK SHBG Calibrator Set ST AIA-PACK SHBG Sample Diluting Solution

025338   
025538

# Device Intended Use:

ST AIA-PACK SHBG is designed for In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only for the quantitative measurement of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) in human serum or Na heparinized plasma on Tosoh AIA System Analyzers. The ST AIA-PACK SHBG assay is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of androgen disorders.

Calibrators:

The ST AIA-PACK SHBG Calibrator Set is intended for In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only for the calibration of the ST AIA-PACK SHBG assay.

# Substantial Equivalence:

# Comparison between the Tosoh ST AIA-PACK SHBG and the Abbott Architect SHBG Immunoassay (k060818)

# Similarities

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST AIA-PACK SHBG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Architect SHBG Kit(k060818)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the quantitativemeasurement of SHBG inhuman serum and plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the quantitativemeasurement of SHBG inhuman serum and plasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST AIA-PACK SHBG isdesigned for In VitroDiagnostic Use Only for thequantitative measurement ofsex hormone binding globulin(SHBG) in human serum orNa heparinized plasma onTosoh AIA System Analyzers.The ST AIA-PACK SHBGassay is intended for use asan aid in the diagnosis ofandrogen disorders.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARCHITECT™&quot; SHBGassay is a chemiluminescentmicroparticle immunoassay(CMIÅ) for the quantitativedetermination of sex hormonebinding globulin (SHBG) inhuman serum and plasma onthe ARCHITECT iSystem.The ARCHITECT SHBGassay is intended for use asan aid in the diagnosis ofandrogen disorders.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or sodium heparinizedplasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum or plasma(Lithium Heparin, SodiumHeparin, Ammonium Heparin,Potassium EDTA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference from:HemoglobinFree bilirubinConjugated bilirubinLipemia, as indicated bytriglyceride concentrationProtein, as indicated byhuman albumin concentrationHAMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-significant interferenceswith:HemoglobinBilirubinTriglyceridesProtein</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02 nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity/Cross Reactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-cross reactive:Alpha-Fetoprotein (AFP)EstradiolThyroxin-Binding GlobulinTransferrin11-Deoxycortisol5alpha-DihydroxytestosteroneCortisolTestosteroneThyroglobulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-cross reactive:AFPEstradiolThyroxin-Binding GlobulinTransferrin11-Deoxycortisol5- dihydrotestosteroneCortisolTestosteroneThyroglobulin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run: &lt;10% CV from15.5 -175.6 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run: &lt;10% CV from16.9 - 147.9 nmol/L</td></tr></table>

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

<table><tr><td></td><td>Total Precision &lt;10% CV from 15.5 - 175.6 nmol/L</td><td>Total Precision: &lt;10% CV from 16.9 - 147.9 nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td>Hook Effect</td><td>The &quot;hook effect&quot; phenomenon may occur only at SHBG concentrations &gt; 10,000 nmol/L.</td><td>The &quot;hook effect&quot; phenomenon may occur only at SHBG concentrations &gt; 10,000 nmol/L.</td></tr></table>

# Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST AIA-PACK SHBG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Architect SHBG Kit(k060818)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescence Immunosassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ChemiluminescentMicroparticleImmunoassay (CMIA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit dose test cupscontaining twelve lyophilizedmagnetic beads coated withanti-SHBG mousemonoclonal antibody and 100µL of anti-SHBG mousemonoclonal antibodyconjugated to bovine alkalinephosphatase with sodiumazide as a preservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microparticles1 or 4 Bottle(s) (6.6 ml each)Anti-SHBG(mousemonoclonal) coatedmicroparticles in TRIS buffer.Preservative: sodium azide</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity/Cross Reactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non cross reactive:PlasminogenTSHFibrinogenHuman IgAHuman IgGCorticosteroid BindingGlobulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not specified</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>488 samples - 244 male and244 femaleMale (21 to 49 years old) 10 -68 nmol/LMale (≥50 years old)16-125nmol/LFemales (pre-menopausal)18 - 260 nmol/LFemales (post-menopausal)15 - 185 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>319 samples - 152 male and167 femaleMale 11.2 - 78.1 nmol/LFemale 11.7 - 137.2 nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference from:Ascorbic acidHeparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not specified or tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity (measuring range)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 to 250 nmol/L.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 to 250 nmol/ L</td></tr></table>

# Similarities

Calibrator Set   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST AIA-PACK SHBGCalibrator Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Architect SHBG CalibratorKit (k060818)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ST AIA-PACK SHBG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARCHITECT&quot;F!I!SHBG</td></tr></table>

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Set is intended forIn Vitro Diagnostic Use Onlyfor the calibration of the STAIA-PACK SHBG assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators are for thecalibration of theARCHITECT iSystem whenused for the quantitativedetermination of SHBG inhuman serum and plasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr></table>

# Differences

Calibrator Set   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AIA-PACK SHBG CalibratorSet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Architect SHBG CalibratorKit (k060818)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine serum with assignedlevels of sex hormone bindingglobulin (SHBG).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHBG (human, purified) inphosphate buffered salinewith protein (goat) stabilizer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability/Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to the 2ndInternational Standard forSHBG from the NationalInstitute for BiologicalStandards and Control(NIBSC) code 08/266.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to the WHOStandard Material NIBSCCODE: 95/560.</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

# Precision

The precision study was developed with reference to the CLSI protocol entitled: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods (EP5-A2).

The precision study for the ST AIA-PACK SHBG assay was evaluated utilizing three AIA-2000 analyzers and three different lots of reagents. Precision was assessed by assaying three levels of serum and heparinized plasma specimens. Estimates of total and within run precision were obtained from measurements of 2 replicates in a single run, 2 times a day for 20 non-consecutive days. The mean of each duplicate was used to obtain the pooled standard deviation (SD), which was then used to calculate the coefficient of variation (CV). In addition, all of the data were combined to assess the within run, between run, between day, between lot and total precision.

# Within run precision

<table><tr><td></td><td>Mean (nmol/L)</td><td>Pooled SD (nmol/L)</td><td>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Serum 1L</td><td>17.3</td><td>0.454</td><td>2.6</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 1M</td><td>52.7</td><td>1.48</td><td>2.8</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 1H</td><td>154.9</td><td>4.96</td><td>3.2</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2L</td><td>18.0</td><td>0.39</td><td>2.1</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2M</td><td>54.8</td><td>1.29</td><td>2.3</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2H</td><td>158.9</td><td>4.07</td><td>2.6</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 3L</td><td>18.8</td><td>0.56</td><td>2.9</td></tr></table>

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

<table><tr><td>Serum 3M</td><td>58.4</td><td>1.40 2.4</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 3H</td><td>175.6</td><td>5.26 3.0</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 1L</td><td>15.5</td><td>0.48 3.1</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 1M</td><td>62.9</td><td>1.70 2.7</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 1H</td><td>139.6</td><td>3.92 2.8</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 2L</td><td>16.1</td><td>0.39 2.4</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 2M</td><td>65.2</td><td>1.03 1.6</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 2H</td><td>142.2</td><td>3.70 2.6</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 3L</td><td>17.2</td><td>0.43 2.5</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 3M</td><td>70.7</td><td>1.59 2.3</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 3H</td><td>159.3</td><td>4.90 3.1</td></tr></table>

# Total Precision

<table><tr><td></td><td>Mean (nmol/L)</td><td>Pooled SD (nmol/L)</td><td>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Serum 1L</td><td>17.3</td><td>0.485</td><td>2.8</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 1M</td><td>52.7</td><td>1.62</td><td>3.1</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 1H</td><td>154.9</td><td>5.13</td><td>3.3</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2L</td><td>18.0</td><td>0.54</td><td>3.0</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2M</td><td>54.8</td><td>1.75</td><td>3.2</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2H</td><td>158.9</td><td>4.80</td><td>3.0</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 3L</td><td>18.8</td><td>0.61</td><td>3.2</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 3M</td><td>58.4</td><td>1.51</td><td>2.6</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 3H</td><td>175.6</td><td>6.43</td><td>3.7</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 1L</td><td>15.5</td><td>0.54</td><td>3.5</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 1M</td><td>62.9</td><td>2.03</td><td>3.2</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 1H</td><td>139.6</td><td>5.13</td><td>3.7</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 2L</td><td>16.1</td><td>0.52</td><td>3.2</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 2M</td><td>65.2</td><td>1.55</td><td>2.4</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 2H</td><td>142.2</td><td>4.39</td><td>3.1</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 3L</td><td>17.2</td><td>0.52</td><td>3.0</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 3M</td><td>70.7</td><td>1.98</td><td>2.8</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 3H</td><td>159.3</td><td>5.42</td><td>3.4</td></tr></table>

Between run precision   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Mean (nmol/L)</td><td>Pooled SD (nmol/L)</td><td>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Serum 1L</td><td>17.3</td><td>0.33</td><td>1.9</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 1M</td><td>52.7</td><td>1.17</td><td>2.2</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 1H</td><td>154.9</td><td>3.75</td><td>2.4</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2L</td><td>18.0</td><td>0.37</td><td>2.0</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2M</td><td>54.8</td><td>1.32</td><td>2.4</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2H</td><td>158.9</td><td>3.39</td><td>2.1</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 3L</td><td>18.8</td><td>0.43</td><td>2.3</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 3M</td><td>58.4</td><td>1.14</td><td>2.0</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 3H</td><td>175.6</td><td>4.99</td><td>2.8</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 1L</td><td>15.5</td><td>0.42</td><td>2.7</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 1M</td><td>62.9</td><td>1.63</td><td>2.6</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 1H</td><td>139.6</td><td>4.29</td><td>3.1</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 2L</td><td>16.1</td><td>0.41</td><td>2.5</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 2M</td><td>65.2</td><td>0.95</td><td>1.5</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 2H</td><td>142.2</td><td>2.88</td><td>2.0</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 3L</td><td>17.2</td><td>0.42</td><td>2.4</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 3M</td><td>70.7</td><td>1.40</td><td>2.0</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 3H</td><td>159.3</td><td>4.16</td><td>2.6</td></tr></table>

# Between day precision

<table><tr><td></td><td>Mean</td><td>Pooled SD (nmol/L)</td><td>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Serum 1L</td><td>(nmol/L) 17.3</td><td>0.28</td><td>1.6</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 1M</td><td>52.7</td><td>0.91</td><td>1.7</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 1H</td><td>154.9</td><td>2.59</td><td>1.7</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2L</td><td>18</td><td>0.39</td><td>2.1</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2M</td><td>54.8</td><td>1.29</td><td>2.3</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2H</td><td>158.9</td><td>4.07</td><td>2.6</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 3L</td><td>18.8</td><td>0.56</td><td>2.9</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 3M</td><td>58.4</td><td>1.4</td><td>2.4</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 3H</td><td>175.6</td><td>5.26</td><td>3.0</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 1L</td><td>15.5</td><td>0.48</td><td>3.1</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 1M</td><td>62.9</td><td>1.7</td><td>2.7</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 1H</td><td>139.6</td><td>3.92</td><td>2.8</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 2L</td><td>16.1</td><td>0.39</td><td>2.4</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 2M</td><td>65.2</td><td>1.03</td><td>1.6</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 2H</td><td>142.2</td><td>3.7</td><td>2.6</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 3L</td><td>17.2</td><td>0.43</td><td>2.5</td></tr></table>

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

<table><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 3M</td><td>70.7</td><td>1.59</td><td>2.3</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinized Plasma 3H</td><td>159.3</td><td>4.9</td><td>3.1</td></tr></table>

# Representative Lot-to-Lot Precision

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(n=80)nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hep Plasma Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hep Plasma Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hep Plasma High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr></table>

# Combined Summary Table

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HepPlasma-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HepPlasma-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HepPlasma-3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mean Conc.(nmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>WithinRun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BetweenRun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BetweenDay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BetweenLot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td></tr></table>

# Linearity:

Linearity: The linearity for ST AIA-PACK SHBG was determined, based on guidance from CLSI Protocol EP6-A entitled: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: a Statistical Approach: Approved Guideline. The linearity was measured on the AIA-2000 instrument and has been demonstrated to be linear from 0.2 to 250 nmol/L.

# Correlation

The methods comparison study was based on guidance from EP9-A2.

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

# Method Comparison

A total of 126 serum specimens were assayed in singleton utilizing the ST AIA-PACK SHBG assay on the AIA-2000 analyzer and the predicate SHBG.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deming</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regular</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.949 (0.926 to 0.972)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.940 (0.917 to 0.964)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.64 (-2.61 to 1.34)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.09 (-2.06 to 1.89)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corr Coef (R):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.991</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Ranges:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Tosoh ST AIA-PACK SHBG  0.6 to 241.0 nmol/LPredicate SHBG                0.5 to 221.6 nmol/L</td></tr></table>

$\%$ Confidence Intervals are shown in parentheses

# Matrix Comparison

The correlation between serum $( \mathsf { x } )$ and Na heparinized plasma (y) on ST AIA-PACK SHBG was carried out using 116 patient specimens. Five specimens were diluted to obtain the low end of the measuring range.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deming</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regular</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.977 (0.964 to 0.991)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.975 (0.961 to 0.988)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.269 (-0.629 to 1.168)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.415 (-0.483 to 1.313)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corr Coef (R):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Serum:                         0.2 to 219.1 nmol/LNa heparinized plasma:     0.2 to 219.9 nmol/L</td></tr></table>

$\yen 95 \%$ Confidence Intervals are shown in parentheses

# Specificity

The following substances were tested for cross-reactivity. Cross-reactivity is the percentage of the compound which will be identified as SHBG.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationadded</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactivity(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha-Fetoprotein (AFP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.4 µg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N.D.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Deoxycortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 µg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.114</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5alpha-Dihydroxytestosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estradiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3600 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N.D.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thyroglobulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.544</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thyroxin-Binding Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N.D.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transferrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N.D.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasminogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N.D.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>367mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.072</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>335 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.218</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TSH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180 mlU/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N.D.</td></tr></table>

(N.D.: not detectable)

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

# Reference Ranges

The reference range study was conducted with reference to the CLSI protocol entitled: How to Define and Determine Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory (C28-A3) entitled: Defining, Establishing, and verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory; Approved Guideline – Third Edition.

The interval given here was determined in serum samples from 488 apparently healthy American and European individuals.

<table><tr><td></td><td>n</td><td>Range (nmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td>Male (21 to 49 years old)</td><td>121</td><td>10 - 68</td></tr><tr><td>Male (≥50 years old)</td><td>123</td><td>16-125</td></tr><tr><td>Females (pre-menopausal ≥ 21 years if age)</td><td>122</td><td>18-260</td></tr><tr><td>Females (post-menopausal)</td><td>122</td><td>15-185</td></tr></table>

# Interference

Interference is defined, for the purposes of this study, with recovery outside of $10 \%$ of the known concentration of the specimen after the following substances are added to human specimens.

Hemoglobin (up to $4 4 6 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ), free bilirubin (up to $1 7 . 6 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ , and conjugated bilirubin (up to $1 8 . 5 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ do not interfere with the assay.   
Lipemia, as indicated by triglyceride concentration (up to $1 , 6 6 7 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ ), does not interfere with the assay.   
Ascorbic acid (up to $2 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ does not interfere with the assay.   
Protein, as indicated by human albumin concentration (up to $5 . 0 0 \ : \mathfrak { g } / \mathrm { d L }$ added to samples from apparently healthy subjects), does not interfere with the assay.   
Na Heparin (up to $1 0 0 . 0 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$ ) does not interfere with the assay.   
Rheumatoid factor (up to $5 5 0 ~ \mathrm { | U / m L }$ ) does not interfere with the assay.   
HAMA (up to $2 4 , 2 6 9 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ does not interfere with the assay.

# Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ):

The LoD and LoQ for ST AIA-PACK SHBG was determined, according to CLSI guideline EP17-A entitled: Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation; Approved Guideline.

The LoB was determined by 60 measurements of 4 different blank specimens. The LoB was the value at the $9 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile. In this case LoB was determined to be 0.017 nmol/L.

The LoD was determined by 12 measurements of 10 low level samples. The sample range was chosen to be between LoB and 5XLoB. The LoD was determined to be 0.063 nmol/L.

The Limit of Quantification (LoQ) 12 measurements of 5 samples for ST AIA-PACK SHBG. The test results from the LoD study were used to calculate the $\%$ TE at that level. The LoQ was determined to be $0 . 2 \ : \mathrm { n m o l / L }$ based on a $\%$ total error of $12 \%$ .

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

# Calibrator Stability

# Real Time Testing

ST AIA-PACK SHBG Calibrator Set were stored at refrigerated temperatures and assayed at 3, 6, 9, 12 and 13 months after the day of the first assay.

The acceptance criteria for recovery was within $1 0 0 + / - 1 0 \%$ .

The criterion for reproducibility $( \mathrm { C V } \% )$ was $< / = 1 0 \%$

Current real time studies support a 12 month shelf life at refrigerated temperatures from the date of manufacturing.

# Open Vial Stability

Open vial stability of the ST AIA-PACK SHBG Calibrator Set was assessed by reconstituting the material according to the package insert. Samples were reconstituted and stored at refrigerated temperatures for 2 days and tested for SHBG.

The criterion for recovery was within $1 0 0 + / - 1 0 \%$ .

The criterion for reproducibility $( \mathrm { C V } \% )$ was $< / = 1 0 \%$ .

Current open vial studies support an in-use claim of 1 day when refrigerated.

# Summary of Calibrator Value Assignment

The value assignment of the ST AIA-PACK SHBG Calibrator Set is determined on a lot-by-lot basis and is designed to provide an assay calibration range of 0.005 to 12.5 nmol/L of SHBG. The calibrators in this set are referenced to the 2nd International Standard for SHBG from the National Institute for Biological Standards and Control (NIBSC) code 08/266.

The primary reference material was prepared by diluting the SHBG with the calibrator base. The value of SHBG was assigned based on WHO 2nd IS SHBG using ST AIA-PACK SHBG

The value of the secondary reference material was assigned using the AIA instruments with the primary reference material as calibrator. The value was verified by comparing measured results with those obtained with the previous lot for patient samples.

Note: As each manufactured calibrator concentration corresponds to a unique rate generated by the reaction detected by the instrument, the rate generated by the patient sample (which is diluted 1:20) would correspond to a rate on the curve generated by the manufactured calibrator. The value would then be multiplied automatically by the factor of 20 to generate the actual concentration of SHBG in the sample.

Standards:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDARecognitionNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RevisionDate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Title</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP5-A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/31/2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluation of Precision Performance ofQuantitative Measurement Methods; ApprovedGuideline-Second Edition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP6-A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03/18/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluation of the Linearity of QuantitativeMeasurement Procedures: a StatisticalApproach: Approved Guideline</td></tr></table>

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP28-A3c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/1/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Defining, Establishing, and verifying ReferenceIntervals in the Clinical Laboratory; ApprovedGuideline - Third Edition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP07-A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>05/21/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry;Approved Guideline - Second Edition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP9-A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>07/01/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method Comparison and Bias Estimation UsingPatient Samples; Approved Guideline-SecondEdition</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The Tosoh Bioscience, Inc. ST AIA-PACK SHBG is substantially equivalent to the Abbott Architect SHBG (k)060818 for In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only for the quantitative measurement of SHBG in human serum or Na heparinized plasma on Tosoh AIA System Analyzers. The ST AIA-PACK SHBG assay is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of androgen disorders.