ENTRA HEALTH SYSTEMS  
RICHA PADHYA  
RAQA COORDINATOR  
3111 CAMINO DEL RIO NORTH  
SUITE 101  
SAN DIEGO CA 92108

Re: K143169 Trade/Device Name: MyGlucoHealth Wireless System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: December 3, 2015 Received: December 11, 2015

Dear Richa Padhya:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K143169

Device Name MyGlucoHealth Wireless System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The MyGlucoHealth Wireless System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of glucose control. The system is comprised of the MyGlucoHealth Wireless Meter, MyGlucoHealth Control Solutions and MyGlucoHealth Wireless Test Strip. The system is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, ventral palm, hand,upper arm, forearm, calf and/or thigh. The MyGlucoHealth Wireless Meter is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared. The MyGlucoHealth Wireless System is not to be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternate site testing should be done during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Entra Health System s LLC   
3 111 Cam ino del Rio Nort h Suite 101 San Diego, CA 92108 Main 877 4 58 2646 Fax 6 19 584 4504

Date: September 1 2015

# 510(k) Summary

Entra Health Systems 3111 Camino Del Rio North Suite 101 San Diego CA 92108

A. Submitter:   
B. Address:   
C. Corporate Contact:   
D. Telephone:   
E. Submission Contact:

Richard Strobridge, CEO Entra Health Systems

Ph: 877-458-2646   
Fax: 619-584-4504

Richa Padhya - Quality   
Entra Health Systems   
3111 Camino Del Rio North   
Suite 101   
San Diego CA 92108   
Ph: 877-458-2646 Extension# 723   
rpadhya@entrahealth.com

F. Trade Name: G. Predicate Device(s):

MyGlucoHealth Wireless System

MyGlucoHealth Glucose Monitoring System, Model MGH-BT1, Entra Health Systems (K081703)

I. Classification:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceClass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Oxidase, Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td></tr></table>

# J. Device Description

The MyGlucoHealth Wireless System comprised of the MyGlucoHealth Wireless Meter, MyGlucoHealth Control Solutions and MyGlucoHealth Wireless Test Strip. The MyGlucoHealth Wireless Meter is different from the MyGlucoHealth Blood Glucose Meter (MGH-BT1) only by the way the glucose data is transferred to the data repository. An embedded cellular module within the meter enables Wireless communication between the meter and the Entra Health Systems remote database called MyHealthPoint TeleHealth Manager (K132930).

The test strip (proprietary to the MyGlucoHealth Wireless Meter) is used only with the MyGlucoHealth Wireless Meter. It is for the quantitative measurement of the concentration of glucose in whole blood that can be taken from the fingertip, ventral palm, dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm, calf and/or thigh by diabetic patients or health care professionals. The results obtained are plasma calibrated to allow for easy comparison to the laboratory method. The MyGlucoHealth Wireless System is not to be used for the diagnosis of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternate site testing should be done during steady-state times when glucose is not changing rapidly.

# K. Intended Use

The MyGlucoHealth Wireless System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of glucose control. The system is comprised of the MyGlucoHealth Wireless Meter, MyGlucoHealth Control Solutions and MyGlucoHealth Wireless Test Strip. The system is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, ventral palm, hand, upper arm, forearm, calf and/or thigh. The MyGlucoHealth Wireless Meter is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared. The MyGlucoHealth Wireless System is not to be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternate site testing should be done during steadystate times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

L. Predicate Device(s)

L.1 MyGlucoHealth Wireless System is substantially equivalent to the following FDA cleared predicate device:

# Predicate #1

510(k) Number: Trade Name: Manufacturer: Common/Usual Name: Regulation Number: Product Codes: Classification:

K081703   
MyGlucoHealth Glucose Monitoring System   
Entra Health Systems   
Glucose Test System   
862.1345   
NBW   
II

M. Substantial Equivalence   
Page 2 of 5   

<table><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Predicate device MyGlucoHealth MGH-BT1</td><td>Candidate Device MyGlucoHealth Wireless MGH-CL1 The MyGlucoHealth Wireless System</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The MyGlucoHealth glucose monitoring system provides a quick and easy way for diabetic patients to measure and self- monitor blood glucose levels. The system is comprised of the MyGlucoHealth Bluetooth meter (MGH-BT1 w/Bluetooth Wireless download capability) or the MGH-1 (w/o Bluetooth) blood glucose meter, control solution and test strips that carry a biosensor used for the quantitative measurement of the concentration of glucose in capillary whole blood that can be taken from the</td><td>is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of glucose control. The system is comprised of the MyGlucoHealth Wireless Meter, MyGlucoHealth Control Solutions and MyGlucoHealth Wireless Test Strip. The system is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip,</td></tr></table>

Entra Health Systems

Page 3 of 5   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Fax 619 584 450</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">fingertip, ventral palm, hand, upper arm,forearm, calf and/or thigh by diabeticpatients or health care professionals. Theresults obtained are plasma calibrated toallow for easy comparison to thelaboratory method. Further, results fromeither meter may be uploaded to amemory device through a standard RS32connection, or, with the -BT1 model,Wirelessly transmitted to a Bluetoothcapable PC or Cell phone. TheMyGlucoHealth glucose monitoringsystems are not to be used for thediagnosis or screening of diabetes or forneonatal use. Alternate site testingshould be done during steady-state timeswhen glucose is not changing rapidly.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ventral palm, hand, upper arm,forearm, calf and/or thigh. TheMyGlucoHealth Wireless Meter isintended to be used by a single patientand should not be shared. TheMyGlucoHealth Wireless System isnot to be used for the diagnosis of orscreening for diabetes or for neonataluse. Alternate site testing should bedone during steady-state times (whenglucose is not changing rapidly).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single (Specified) Analyte Controls(Assayed And Unassayed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test strips</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10~600 Mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HematocritRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20~60%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 sec</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Temp&amp; HumidityRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50~104°F10~40°10~90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpeakingFunction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip Openuse time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memorycapability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250 readings</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Day Averages</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7, 14, 21-day average</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two Triple A's</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lithium lon Battery</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,000 tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rechargeable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Size (LxWxH)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.2 x 98.5 x 23.4 mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53 x 102 x 20.5 mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74.5g (2.5 oz.) with battery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87g (3.06 oz.) with battery</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Warranty</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 years</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MyHealthPoint TeleHealth Manager(K132930)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data transferringcapability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MGH-BT1 adds Wireless uploading toBluetooth paired PC, USB cord or cellphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCH-CL1 uploads through a cellularradio</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The MyGlucoHealth Bluetooth meter(MGH-BT1) consists of a glucose meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The MyGlucoHealth Wireless Meterconsists of a glucose meter that can</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">that can Wirelessly transmit data to aremote database using standardBluetooth technology embedded withinthe glucose meter. The meter usesbiosensor test strips. MyHealthPointTeleHealth Manager consists entirely ofsoftware run on a central server.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">wirelessly transmit data to a remotedatabase using standard cellulartechnology embedded within theglucose meter. The meter usesbiosensor test strips. MyHealthPointTeleHealth Manager consists entirelyof software run on a central server.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Silver</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Black</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LED light wherethe test strip isinserted</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No LED Light</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LED light is to help the consumerknow where to insert the test strip.Also, if they take a reading in the darkit is easier to locate where the teststrip needs to be inserted.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alarm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Screen Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate device</td></tr></table>

# N. Standard/Guidance Document References

• ISO 15197:2003, In Vitro Diagnostic Test Systems – Requirements for Blood Glucose Monitoring Test Systems for Self Managing Diabetes Mellitus   
• ISO 14971:2012, Medical Devices, Application of risk management to medical devices IEC 61010-1:2001, Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control, and laboratory use – Part 1: General requirements   
• IEC 61010-2-101:2002, Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control, and laboratory use – Part 2-101: Particular requirements for IVD medical equipment

O. Non-Clinical Testing

1. Test Report for IEC 61010-1/ EN61010-1 “Safety Requirements for electrical   
equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use.   
2. FCC Test Report   
3. EMC Test Report   
4. Cleaning Validation Test Reports

All testing demonstrated the safety and effectiveness of the MyGlucoHealth Wireless Meter and substantial equivalence to the predicate.

P. Clinical Testing

1. Human Factor testing was conducted to evaluate the ease of use of the MyGlucoHealth Wireless Meter and ease of understanding the user manual it is paired with.

Q. Infection Control

Robustness Testing: Cleaning and disinfection can be accomplished by wiping the meter with Caviwipes XL (EPA Reg. No. 46781-8). The robustness study was conducted on three different meters and the results demonstrated that there was no change in functional performance or in the visual external materials of the meter after 156 cleaning and 156 disinfection cycles to simulate 3 years of use for single patient use. Each robustness cycle tested consisted of one cleaning wipe and one disinfecting wipe.

Cleaning Validation test: Disinfection efficacy/Cleaning Validation studies were performed on the materials comprising the meter by an outside testing laboratory demonstrating complete inactivation of duck hepatitis B virus with the chosen disinfectant, Caviwipes XL (EPA Registration $\# 4 6 7 8 1 - 8$ . Labeling was reviewed for adequate instructions for the validated cleaning and disinfection procedures.

R. Conclusion

The MyGlucoHealth Wireless System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.