APEX BIO TECHNOLOGY CORP   
HSUE-MEI LEE, MANAGER OF QUALITY ASSURANCE DEPARTMENT   
NO. 7, LI-HSIN ROAD V   
HSINCHU SCIENCE PARK May 7, 2015   
HSINCHU 30078, TAIWAN

Re: K143750 Trade/Device Name: MEG-2B Blood Glucose Monitoring System, MEG-2B Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: April 2, 2015 Received: April 8, 2015

Dear Hsue-Mei Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to vi hathav bee ssif an i oisn  dal D and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warrnWe emnd yo owevr, ht dve labelg mus tuhul and not mis.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Hsue-Mei Lee

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 89, please contact the Division o Industry and Consumer Education at its tolree number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K143750

Device Name MEG-2B Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications tor use (uescnDe)   
The MEG-2B Blood Glucose Monitoring System, includes MEG-2B Blood Glucose Meter and MEG-2B Blood Glucose   
  
  
  
shared. It is not indicated or t digosisor rnin oiabcts or or onatalu

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

Te burn eorhcolection nomation s tat veragours p on ncu time to review instructins, search existing dat sources, gather and maintain he data needed and coplet an review the collection information.Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any otheraspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Number (if known) K143750

Device Name MEG-2B Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The MEG-2B Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System includes MEG-2B Pro Blood Glucose Meter and MEG-2B Pro B  i i of diabetes or for neonatal use.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

Teburn orcolletio noations tatd veragours ern cd tme to review instructions, earch existing dat sources, gather and maintain he data needed and coplee and review the collection  information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any otheraspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hsue-mei LeeManager of Quality Assurance DepartmentApex BioTechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)email: hsue-mei@apexbio.comPhone: 011-886-3-5641952FAX: 011-886-3-5678302</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact Person</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hsue-mei LeeManager of Quality Assurance DepartmentApex BioTechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)email: hsue-mei@apexbio.comPhone: 011-886-3-5641952FAX: 011-886-3-5678302</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Prepared</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">March 31, 2015</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MEG-2B Blood Glucose Monitoring SystemMEG-2B Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose test system, 21 CFR 862.1345, Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Codes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CGA, NBW</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MEG-2B Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k120448)MEG-2B Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k120448)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The MEG-2B Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of the MEG-2B meterand MEG-2B Test Strips. It is used for testing of blood glucose by self-testersat home. The MEG-2B Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of theMEG-2B Pro meter and MEG-2B Pro Test Strips. It is used for testing of bloodglucose by professional testers in healthcare facilities. The MEG-2B and MEG-2B Pro systems are identical other than trade names and details of productlabeling.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MEG-2B Blood Glucose Monitoring System: The MEG-2B Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem, includes MEG-2B Blood Glucose Meter and MEG-2B Blood Glucose Test Strip, isintended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samplesdrawn from the fingertips, forearm, or palm. Alternate site testing should be done only duringsteady -state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly). It is indicated for use by lay peoplewith diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. This system isintended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and should not be shared. It isnot indicated for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use.MEG-2B Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System: The MEG-2B Pro Blood GlucoseMonitoring System includes MEG-2B Pro Blood Glucose Meter and MEG-2B Pro BloodGlucose Test Strip, is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillarywhole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm, or palm. Alternate site testing shouldbe done only during steady -state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly). This system isindicated for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor theeffectiveness of diabetes control programs. It is only used with single-use, auto-disablinglancing device. It is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is notindicated for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison ofTechnologicalCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The modified MEG-2B and MEG 2B Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems areidentical to the predicate other than a) addition of silver paint to the meter case, b)change in manufacturing site for the LCD cover, and c) the recommendation of threeadditional disinfectants in the User Manuals.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-ClinicalTesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disinfection (viral inactivation) and "robustness" testing were done to qualify allrecommended disinfection solutions. Results demonstrate substantial equivalence tothe predicate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No clinical testing was conducted.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conclusion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing showed that the modified MEG-2B and MEG 2B Pro Blood GlucoseMonitoring Systems are substantially equivalent to the predicate.</td></tr></table>