Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. c/o Ms. Sara Kastrup   
Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

Re: k143352 Trade/Device Name: IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 Ferritin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 IGFBP-3 Calibration Verification Material (CVM) Regulation Number: 21 $\ S$ CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I, Reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: November 21, 2014 Received: November 24, 2014

Dear Ms. Kastrup:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of December 24, 2014.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must

comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Elizabeth A. Stafford -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.for Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name IMMULITE® 2000 Ferritin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) IMMULITE® 2000 IGFBP-3 Calibration Verification Material (CVM)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

Thebureneorhcllectionnoation tate overgehours perpose,ince time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection f information Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

# 510(k) Summary – IMMULITE 2000 Ferritin Calibration Master Verification Material

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) Number: k143352

1. Submitter: Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

# Contact Person:

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

Sara Kastrup   
Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist   
(914)-524-2317   
(914)-524-2101   
sara.kastrup@siemens.com   
December 23, 2014

2. Device Name: Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code: Panel:

MMULITE® 2000 Ferritin Calibration Verification Materia   
Quality Control materials for IMMULITE® 2000 Ferritin assay   
Calibration Verification Material (CVM) for IMMULITE® 2000   
Ferritin assay   
21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX – Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

3. Predicate Device Name: Predicate 510(k) No:

IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material (CVM) k133128

4. Device Description:

The Ferritin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) contains one set of four vials. CVM1 contains $5 . 0 \mathrm { m L }$ of human serum albumin with preservatives. CVM2, CVM3, and CVM4 contain 2.0mL/vial of various levels of human ferritin in a human serum albumin matrix with preservatives. The CVMs are supplied in liquid form.

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below: The IMMULIT $\mathrm { E } ^ { \mathfrak { P } }$ Ferritin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE Ferritin assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

Special Conditions for Use   
Statement(s):   
Special Instrument   
Requirements:

For prescription use only

IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 Ferritin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Ferritin CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 HCG CVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® Ferritin CalibrationVerification Material (CVM) is for invitro diagnostic use in the verificationof calibration of the IMMULITEFerritin assay on the IMMULITE 2000systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® HCG CalibrationVerification Material (CVM) is for invitro diagnostic use in the verificationof calibration of the IMMULITEHCG assay on the IMMULITE 2000systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until the expirationdate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 Ferritin CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 HCG CVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 -8 °</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin withPreservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum with Preservatives</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Performance testing has been carried out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance specifications for its intended use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

# 7.1 Stability Summary:

The stability study was conducted to validate real-time shelf life and open component (in-use or open vial) claim for the IMMULITE 2000 Ferritin Calibration Verification Material (CVM) to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the CVM before and after reconstitution.

The IMMULITE ${ \bf \textcircled { 1 } } _ { 2 0 0 0 }$ Ferritin Calibration Verification Materials: The Calibration Verification Materials are stable up to 18 months when stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ prior to opening and for 8 hours at ambient or room temperature $( 1 5 . 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ after reconstitution.

# 7.1.1 Stability Protocol Summary:

The CVM study protocols are run as part of the calibrator stability testing. The stability CVMs and reference CVMs are run in duplicate (as a minimum) at the time points shown in Table 2 and the dose value determined from the reference calibrator curve.

Table 2: Stability Time Points   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Time-Points (months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFECVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFECVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFECVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFECVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr></table>

For Open Component testing, the results are determined from a 2-point adjustment. Using IMMULITE 2000 Ferritin (L2KFE2) kit lot 327, Ferritin CVM lot 016A was tested at 2- hourly intervals for up to 9 hours at ambient or room temperature $( 1 5 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ conditions and compared to the determinations at time zero.

# 7.1.2 Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:

The Acceptance Criteria for the IMMULITE Ferritin requires dose value of stability calibrator/CVM to fall between $\pm 1 4 \%$ of assigned dose for CVM level 2, $\pm 8 \%$ for CVM level 3 and $1 5 \%$ for CVM level 4. The sponsor’s acceptance criteria are summarized in Table 3.

Table 3 Acceptance criteria for stability of IMMULITE 2000 Ferritin CVM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assigned Dose(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline Criteria% difference toassigned dose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptabledose range(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFECVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFECVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±14%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9-18.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFECVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222-260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFECVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1909</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1623-2195</td></tr></table>

# 7.2 Traceability:

The IMMULITE Ferritin is traceable to WHO $2 ^ { \mathrm { n d } }$ IS 80/578. The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 7.3 Value Assignment:

IMMULITE Ferritin CVMs are 4 level materials which are a subset of 10 level Ferritin calibrators. Calibrators are not commercialized but are used internally during manufacture and release testing of Ferritin reagents and two point adjustors.

The IMMULITE calibrators and therefore CVMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using Ferritin antigen stock and are traceable to WHO $2 ^ { \mathrm { n d } }$ IS 80/578. Five levels of commercially available controls and 30 samples (15 spiked and 15 normal samples were used to validate calibrator/CVM value assignments.

The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures. The IMMULITE Ferritin calibrators/CVMs were tested on 4 different days, on 15 replicates in total, comprised of 5 runs, 3 replicates per run, 5 IMMULITE 2000 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The CVMs dose values are generated using curve generated by assigned reference calibrators. The CVM values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. CVM values are then averaged across all systems. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples and controls using the assigned CVM values. The controls must fall within their target ranges.

# 7.4 Expected Values/Reference Range:

Each CVM level was tested on tested on 4 different days, on 15 replicates in total, comprised of 5 runs, 3 replicates per run, 5 IMMULITE 2000 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The Guideline Range $9 5 \%$ confidence interval) for each CVM level was established based on the Target Mean and $\pm \nobreakspace 2 \nobreakspace$ Standard Deviation (SD). The expected values are provided in the IMMULITE® 2000 CVM Calibration Verification Material lot-specific package insert.

The expected assay range is up to $1 5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The target values in Table 4 can be considered as guidelines; each lot will have lot-specific values.

Table 4: Target Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Analytetarget levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetMean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviation(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline ±2SD Range(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFECVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFECVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFECVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>246</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>273</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFECVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% LFECVM4+25% LFECVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1769</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Up to 1500 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot-specific.

# 7.5 Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents   
Guidance for Industry – Abbreviated $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators   
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control   
Material

# 7.6 Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8. Conclusion:

The IMMULITE® 2000 Ferritin Calibration Verification Material is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the FDA cleared IMMULITE® 2000 HCG Calibration Verification Material. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 Ferritin Calibration Verification Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

# 510(k) Summary - IMMULITE 2000 IGFBP-3 Calibration Master Verification Material

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence. The assigned 510(k) Number: k143352

1. Submitter: Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

# Contact Person:

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

Sara Kastrup   
Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist   
(914)-524-2317   
(914)-524-2101   
sara.kastrup@siemens.com   
December 23, 2014

2. Device Name: Proprietary Name: Measurand: Type of Test:

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code:

IMMULITE® 2000 IGFBP-3 Calibration Verification Material   
Quality Control material for IMMULITE® 2000 IGFBP-3 assay   
Calibration Verification Material (CVM) for IMMULITE® 2000   
IGFBP-3 assay   
21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX – Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)

Panel:

Clinical Chemistry (75)

# 3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

IMMULITE® 2000 IGF-1 Calibration Verification Material (CVM) K140818

4. Device Description:

IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 IGFBP-3 Calibration Verification Material (CVM) contains one set of four vials each 2.0mL/vial . CVM1 contains bovine protein buffer matrix with preservatives. CVM2, CVM3 and CVM4 contain various levels of processed human serum (source of IGFBP-3) in bovine protein buffer matrix with preservatives. The CVMs are supplied in liquid form.

# 5. Intended Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below

Indication for Use:

The IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ IGFBP-3 Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration of the IMMULITE IGFBP-3 assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems.

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s): Special Instrument Requirements:

For prescription use only

IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ IGFBP-3 Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE 2000IGFBP-3 CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 IGF-1 CVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® IGFBP-3 CalibrationVerification Material (CVM) is for in vitrodiagnostic use in the verification ofcalibration of the IMMULITE IGFBP-3assay on the IMMULITE 2000 systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE® IGF-1Calibration Verification Material(CVM) is for in vitro diagnostic usein the verification of calibration ofthe IMMULITE IGF-1 assay on theIMMULITE 2000 systems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until the expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine Protein with preservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIGFBP-3 CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE 2000 IGF-1 CVM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IGFBP-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IGF-1</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Performance testing has been carried out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance specifications for its intended use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

# 7.1 Stability Summary:

The stability study was conducted to validate shelf life claim for the IMMULITE 2000 IGFBP3 Calibration Verification Material (CVM) to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the CVM before and after reconstitution.

The IGFBP-3 Calibration Verification Materials are stable up to 4 years when stored at ${ } _ { - 2 0 } \mathrm { { \circ C } }$ .

# 7.1.1 Stability Protocol Summary:

The CVM study protocols are run as part of the calibrator stability testing. The stability CVMs and reference CVMs are run in duplicate (as a minimum) at the time points shown in Table 2 and the dose value determined from the reference calibrator curve.

Table 2: Stability Time Points   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Time-Points (months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGBCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGBCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGBCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGBCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td></tr></table>

# 7.1.2 Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:

The sponsor’s Acceptance Criteria for the IMMULITE IGFBP-3 criteria requires dose value of stability calibrator/CVM to fall between $\pm 1 0 \%$ of assigned dose for CVM level 2 and level 3, and $\pm 1 5 \%$ for CVM level 4.

The acceptance criteria are summarized in Table 3.

Table 3 Acceptance criteria for stability of IMMULITE 2000 IGFBP-3 CVM   

<table><tr><td>CVM level</td><td>Assigned Dose (μg /mL)</td><td>Guideline Criteria % difference to assigned dose</td><td>Acceptable dose range (μg /mL)</td></tr><tr><td>LGBCVM1</td><td>0.00</td><td>N/A</td><td>≤0.5</td></tr><tr><td>LGBCVM2</td><td>1.10</td><td>±10%</td><td>0.99-1.21</td></tr><tr><td>LGBCVM3</td><td>4.12</td><td>±10%</td><td>3.71-4.53</td></tr><tr><td>LGBCVM4</td><td>18.9</td><td>±15%</td><td>16.1-21.7</td></tr></table>

7.2 Traceability:   
The IMMULITE IGFBP-3 CVMs are traceable to WHO NIBSC Reagent 93/560. The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

# 7.3 Value Assignment:

The IGFBP-3 CVMs are 4 level materials are a subset of 8 level IGFBP-3 calibrators. Calibrators are not commercialized but are used internally during manufacture and release testing of IGFBP-3 reagents and two point adjustors.

The IMMULITE calibrators and therefore CVMs are value assigned using assigned reference calibrators. The assigned reference calibrators are prepared using IGFBP-3 antigen stock and are traceable to WHO NIBSC Reagent 93/560. Two levels of commercially available controls and 30 diluted normal samples were used to validate calibrator/CVM value assignments.

The calibrators/CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures. The calibrators/CVMs were tested on 3 different days, on 15 replicates in total, comprised of 5 runs, 3 replicates per run, 3 IMMULITE 2000 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The CVMs dose values are generated using curve generated by assigned reference calibrators. The CVM values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. CVM values are then averaged across all systems. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples, spiked patient samples and controls using the assigned CVM values. The controls must fall within their target ranges.

7.4 Expected Values/Reference Range:

Each CVM level was on 3 different days, on 15 replicates in total, comprised of 5 runs, 3 replicates per run, 3 IMMULITE 2000 systems and 3 different reagent kit lots. The Guideline Range $9 5 \%$ confidence interval) for each CVM level was established based on the Target Mean and $\pm 2$ Standard Deviation (SD). The expected values are provided in the IMMULITE® 2000 IGFBP-3 CVM Calibration Verification Material lot-specific package insert.

The expected assay range is up to $1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ . The target values in Table 4 can be considered as guidelines; each lot will have lot-specific values.

Table 4: Target Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Analytetarget levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVM Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetMean(µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardDeviation(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guideline ±2SD Range(μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGBCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGBCVM2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.915</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0575</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGBCVM3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGBCVM4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90% LGBCVM4 +10% LGBCVM1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Up to 16 µg /mL</td></tr></table>

Note: CVM4 requires dilution to ensure that the target value is within $+ 1 0 \%$ of the top of the reportable range of the assay

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot-specific.

# 7.5 Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

• CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents   
• Guidance for Industry – Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators   
• Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

7.6 Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8. Conclusion:

The IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 IGFBP-3 Calibration Verification Material is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the FDA cleared IMMULITE® 2000 IGF-1 Calibration Verification Material. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 IGFBP-3 Calibration Verification Material does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.