Re: K150300 Trade/Device Name: Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJY Dated: January 26, 2015 Received: February 6, 2015

Dear Suzanne Parsons:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use (Describe)

LqiceCrru ol   aloor laboratory testing procedures listed in the package insert.

The following analytes are listed in the package insert:   
B-type Natriuretic Peptide (BNP)   
CK-MB Isoenzyme   
C-Reactive Protein (CRP)   
Creatine Kinase (CK)   
D-dimer   
Digitoxin   
Homocysteine   
Myeloperoxidase (MPO)   
Myoglobin   
N-terminal pro-Brain Natriuretic   
Peptide (NT-proBNP)   
Troponin I   
Troponin T

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

Teburentimeorhcollection  nomationate averagehours pr eponse,nclud time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gatherand maintain the data needed and complet and review the collection ofinformation. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

# Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT

# 1.0 Submitter

Bio-Rad Laboratories 9500 Jeronimo Road, Irvine, California 92618-2017 Telephone: (949) 598-1200 Fax: (949) 598-1557

# Contact Person

Suzanne Parsons RA Supervisor Telephone: (949) 598-1467

# Date of Summary Preparation

December 10, 2015

# 2.0 Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Common Name: Classifications: Product Code: Regulation Number:

Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT   
Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (Assayed)   
Class I, Reserved   
JJY   
21 CFR 862.1660

# 3.0 Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT Bio-Rad Laboratories Predicate 510(k) Number: K050537

# 4.0 Description of Device

Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT is prepared from human serum with added constituents of human and animal origin, stabilizers and preservatives. This product is provided in liquid form for convenience.

Each human donor unit used to manufacture this control was tested by FDA accepted methods and found non-reactive for Hepatitis B Surface Antigen (HBsAg), antibody to Hepatitis C (HCV) and antibody to HIV-1/HIV-2.

# 5.0 Value Assignment

The mean values and the corresponding $\pm 3 5 0$ ranges printed in this insert were derived from replicate analyses and are specific for each lot of product. The tests listed were performed by the manufacturer and/or independent laboratories using manufacturer supported reagents and a representative sampling of this lot of control. Individual laboratory means should fall within the corresponding acceptable range; however, laboratory means may vary from the listed values during the life of this control. Variations over time and between laboratories may be caused by differences in laboratory technique, instrumentation and reagents, or by manufacturer test method modifications.

It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own means and acceptable ranges and use those provided only as guides.

# 6.0 Intended Use

Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT is intended for use as an assayed quality control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in this package insert.

The following analytes are listed in the package insert:   
B-type Natriuretic Peptide (BNP)   
CK-MB Isoenzyme   
C-Reactive Protein (CRP)   
Creatine Kinase (CK)   
D-dimer   
Digitoxin   
Homocysteine   
Myeloperoxidase (MPO)   
Myoglobin   
N-terminal pro-Brain Natriuretic   
Peptide (NT-proBNP)   
Troponin I   
Troponin T

# 7.0 Comparison of the new device with the Predicate Device

Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT claims substantial equivalence to Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT (K050537). Table 1 (below) contains comparison information of similarities and differences between the new and predicate device to which substantial equivalence is claimed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 1: Comparison between the predicate and new Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT(K050537)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT isintended for use as an assayed quality control serumto monitor the precision of laboratory testingprocedures for the analytes listed in this packageinsert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT isintended for use as an assayed quality control serumto monitor the precision of laboratory testingprocedures for the analytes listed in this packageinsert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Base Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Thawed and OpenedStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>20 days at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>20 days at 2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Except</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-terminal pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide (NT-proBNP): 15 days at 2 to 8°</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Except</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-terminal pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide(NT-proBNP): 15 days at 2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Troponin I: 10 days at 2 to 8B-yeate eti NP: 8ays t  8°Troponin T: 4 days at 2 to 8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Troponin I: 10 days at 2 to 8°B-type Natriuretic Peptide (BNP): 8 days at 2to 8°CTroponin T: 4 days at 2 to 8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen AliquotStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>30 days at -20 to -70°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>30 days at -20 to -70°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>at -20 to -70°C until expiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>at -20 to -70°C until expiration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ContainsB-type Natriuretic Peptide (BNP)CK-MB IsoenzymeC-Reactive Protein (CRP)Creatine Kinase (CK)DigitoxinHomocysteineMyoglobinN-terminal pro-Brain NatriureticPeptide (NT-proBNP)Troponin ITTroponin T</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>ContainsB-type Natriuretic Peptide (BNP)CK-MB IsoenzymeC-Reactive Protein (CRP)Creatine Kinase (CK)D-dimerDigitoxinHomocysteineMyeloperoxidase (MPO)MyoglobinN-terminal pro-Brain NatriureticPeptide (NT-proBNP)Troponin Troponin T</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Does not contain:D-dimerMyeloperoxidase (MPO)</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Statement of Supporting Data

Real time stability studies were performed to establish Thawed and Opened stability claims. Accelerated stability studies were performed for establishing the shelf life stability. The stabilities for Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Thawed and Opened Stability:</td><td>N-terminal pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide (NT- proBNP): 15 days at 2 to 8°C Troponin I: 10 days at 2 to 8°C B-type Natriuretic Peptide (BNP): 8 days at 2 to 8°C Troponin T: 4 days at 2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen Aliquot Stability:</td><td>30 days at -20 to -70°C</td></tr><tr><td>Shelf Life Stability:</td><td>36 months at -20 to -70°C</td></tr></table>

# 9.0 Conclusion

Based on the performance characteristics indicated above, Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (K050537).

All supporting data is retained on file at Bio-Rad Laboratories.