RADIOMETER MEDICAL ApS  
METTE HARPSOEE  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST  
AKANDEVEJ 21  
2700 BRONSHOJ, DENMARK

Re: K150226 Trade/Device Name: Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJS Dated: March 27, 2015 Received: March 30, 2015

Dear Mette Harpsoee:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK

Analytes are: cGlucose, cLactate, Hct

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# 1. Submitter and contact information Submitter

Company Name: ER Number: Address:

Radiometer Medical ApS   
3002807968   
Aakandevej 21   
2700 Broenshoej   
Denmark   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 3827   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 2727

Phone: Fax:

Contact Person   
Name:   
Function:   
E-mail:   
Phone:   
Fax:   
Mette Skytte Harpsoee   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
mette.skytte@radiometer.dk   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 3114   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 2727

Date prepared Date:

May 7, 2015

# 2. a. Device Information

Device Name: Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK Common Name: Quality Control

Classification:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls for blood-gases,(assayed and unassayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I, reserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJS</td></tr></table>

# 2. b. Device Description

Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK is a two-level quality control system consisting of:

Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK, Level 1 (S7170), 944-039   
Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK, Level 2 (S7180), 944-040

The system consists of 30 ampoules per box. One ampoule contains $2 \mathsf { m l }$ of solution.

The quality control solution is an aqueous solution containing an organic buffer, acid, salts, metabolites, and a preservative.

# 3 Intended Use

This Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK solution is an assayed quality control system for evaluating the accuracy and precision of all parameters listed on the insert specifying the control ranges.

Analytes are: cGlucose, cLactate, Hct

# 4. Predicate device: QUALICHECK5 $^ +$ (K980135) Substantial Equivalence

The Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK is substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, features, and characteristics to the predicate:

510(k) Number/Device Manufacturer: K980135 QUALICHECK $^ { 5 + }$ , Radiometer Medical ApS

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Issue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: QUALICHECK5+(K980135)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Base matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous solution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProClin 950</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cGlucose, cLactate,Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, cNa+, cK+, cCa²}+,cCI, cGlucose, cLactate, ctHb, sO2,FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb, FHbF,ctBil</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This Hematocrit and MetaboliteQUALICHECK solution is anassayed quality control system forevaluating the accuracy andprecision of all parameters listedon the insert specifying the controlranges.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For In Vitro Diagnostic Use. ThisQUALICHECK5+ solution is anassayed quality control system forevaluating the accuracy andprecision of all parameters listedon the insert specifying the controlranges. For professional use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 °C to 25 °C until expiration date.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 °C to 25 °C until expiration date,including up to a total of 15 daysat up to 32 °C.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Issue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: QUALICHECK5+ (K980135)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Four levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target ranges, see Section12.02 Target values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target ranges, see Section 12.02 Target values</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatibleanalyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>• ABL77•  ABL555ABL605/615/625ABL80 FLEXABL80 BASICEML105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABL5ABL500/505/510/520/555ABL600/605/610/615/620/625ABL700/705/710/715/720/725/730/735ABL805/810/815/820/825/830/835/800BASICABL80 - CO-OXABL80 - OSMABL90 FLEXEML100/105</td></tr></table>

# 5. Stability

Stability claims are based on real time stability studies. Control solutions are stable for 2 years at ${ 2 } ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ to ${ 2 5 ^ { \circ } } \mathsf C$ . Multiple test points were tested, with six measurements at each test point. All study results met the acceptance criteria.

In-use Stability: The contents should be used immediately after opening.

# 6. Value Assignment

To determine the true value for each parameter and thereby the assigned values and control ranges for Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK, the following sampling and measurements are performed:

Hct:

6 trays are sampled randomly from the Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK batch. Each tray contains 1000 ampoules.   
5 ampoules are sampled from each of the 6 trays   
30 ampoules are sampled from the reference batch   
Measurements are performed on at least 2 validated ABL555   
Measurements of Hct are performed alternately on the reference ampoule and the sample ampoule. This is repeated 5 times on each ABL555 – 60 measurements in total Measurement results are recorded and analyzed in a validated Excel spreadsheet

# Glucose and lactate:

6 trays are sampled randomly from the Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK batch. Each tray contains 1000 ampoules.   
5 ampoules are sampled from each of the 6 trays   
30 ampoules are sampled from the reference batch   
Measurements are performed on at least 2 validated EML105   
Measurements of glucose and lactate are performed alternately on the reference ampoule and the sample ampoule. This is repeated 5 times on each EML105 – 60 measurements in total   
Measurement results are recorded and analyzed in a validated Excel spreadsheet

Calculation of true value is described in the test instruction for each level. Assigned values are calculated from the true values by validated algorithms. Control ranges are based on the assigned values $\pm$ validated $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals.

# 7. Conclusion

The Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK is substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, features, and characteristics to the predicate device: QUALICHECK5+ (K980135).