Re: K150132 Trade/Device Name: IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ IGF Control Module IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Gastrin Control Module Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: January 19, 2015 Received: January 21, 2015

Dear Asha Gartland:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of April 13, 2015.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services   
Food and Drug Administration Office   
of Chief Information Officer Paperwork   
Reduction Act (PRA) Staff   
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# Section 006: 510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) Number: k150132

1. Submitter Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

# Contact Person:

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

Asha Gartland   
Technical Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
(914)-524-3257   
(914)-524-2101   
asha.gartland@siemens.com   
March $2 ^ { \mathrm { n d } }$ , 2015

2. Device Name Proprietary Name:

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code: Panel:

# IMMULITE® IGF Control Module

21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX – Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

IMMULITE® SHBG Controls K955440

4. Device Description:

IMMULITE® IGF Control Module contains one set of 2 vials, each $4 . 0 \mathrm { m L }$ after reconstitution, containing lyophilized IGF-I and IGFBP-3 in a protein buffer matrix.

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below:   
IMMULITE® IGF Control Module is an assayed, bi-level control intended for use with IMMULITE/IMMULITE 1000 and IMMULITE 2000 IGF-I, and IMMULITE/IMMULITE 1000 and IMMULITE 2000 IGFBP-3 assays. It is intended as an aid in monitoring day-today assay performance.

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s):

For prescription use only

# Special Instrument Requirements:

6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

# IMMULITE® 1000 and IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ IGF Control Module is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE IGF Control Module</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE SHBG Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMMULITE IGF Control Module is anassayed, bi-level control intended foruse with IMMULITE/IMMULITE 1000and IMMULITE 2000 IGF-I, andIMMULITE/IMMULITE 1000 andIMMULITE 2000 IGFBP-3 assays. It isintended as an aid in monitoring day-to-day assay performance.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHBG Controls are assayed, bi-levelcontrols intended for use with theIMMULITE 2000 SHBG assay. Theyare intended as an aid in monitoringday-to-day assay performance.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until the expirationdate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine protein/buffer matrix withpreservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3">DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Candidate Device</td><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>Analyte(s)</td><td>IMMULITE IGF Control Module</td><td>IMMULITE SHBG Controls</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>IGF-I and IGFBP-3 -20°C for 30 days after reconstitution</td><td>SHBG 2 -8 °C for 30 days after</td></tr><tr><td>Storage</td><td>(aliquotted)</td><td>reconstitution or at -20°C for 6 months (aliquotted)</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Performance testing has been carried out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance specifications for its intended use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

7.1 Stability Summary:

The stability study was conducted to validate real-time shelf life and open vial claim for the IMMULITE IGF Control Module to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the control material before and after reconstitution.

The IMMULITE IGF Control Module is stable for up to 3 years from date of manufacture, when stored at $2 - 8 { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ prior to opening. Stability, after opening and reconstitution, is for 30 days at $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , if aliquotted and frozen immediately.

# 7.1.1 Stability Protocol Summary:

The stability controls are run in duplicate (as a minimum) and the dose value determined from a 2- point adjustment at the time points as shown in Table 2. Stability controls are run every 6 months until expiry.

Table 2: Stability Time Points   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IGF ControlModule level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Time-Points in Days (months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IGF-I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182(6 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>365(12 Months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548(18 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730(24 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912(30 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1095(36 months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182(6 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>365(12 Months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548(18 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730(24 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912(30 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1095(36 months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IGFBP-3</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182(6 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>365(12 Months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548(18 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730(24 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912(30 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1095(36 months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182(6 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>365(12 Months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548(18 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730(24 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912(30 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1095(36 months)</td></tr></table>

For open vial testing, the results are determined from a 2-point adjustment. Using IGF Control Lot 024 a freshly opened vial was compared to a vial opened 35 days prior and stored at $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# 7.1.2 Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:

The Acceptance Criteria for the IMMULITE IGF Control Module stability is summarized in Table 3.

Table 3 Acceptance criteria for stability of IMMULITE IGF Control lot 23   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-% Acceptance Criteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>IMMULITE 2000 IGF-I (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC10023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 - 97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC20023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194  290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>IMMULITE 2000 IGFBP-3 (μg/mL)kit lots 210 and below</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC10023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84  1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC20023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 - 4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>IMMULITE 2000 IGFBP-3 (μg/mL)kit lots 211 and above</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC10023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80 - 1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC20023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.24  4.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.3</td></tr></table>

For open vial stability testing, the difference between the stored and the freshly opened vial dose value should be within $\pm 1 0 \%$ .

# 7.2 Traceability:

The controls are used for quality control purposes only. Therefore traceability is not applicable for controls.

The IMMULITE controls are value assigned using assigned reference controls. The assigned reference controls are prepared using IGF-I and IGFBP-3 antigen stock. Human Recombinant IGF-I antigen and IGF-I/IGFBP-3 positive human serum are used.

# 7.3 Value Assignment:

The IMMULITE controls are value assigned using assigned reference controls. The assigned reference controls are prepared using IGF-I and IGFBP-3 antigen stock. The controls are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

IGF controls are required to have a minimum of 100 control points from at least 3 kit lots and 3 instruments on both IMMULITE/IMMULITE 1000 and IMMULITE 2000 platforms and for both IGF-I and IGFBP-3. Both the controls being targeted (minimum 10 replicates) and the reference controls (2 replicates) are run together in each assay. Each assay is run using an adjusted curve. The control values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. Control values are then averaged across all systems. Validation of the value assignment (quality control) is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples and reference controls using the assigned control values. The reference controls must fall within their target ranges.

# 7.4 Expected Values

The controls must fall within their target ranges as shown in Table 4. Example of values from IGF control lot 0027.

Table 4 Control Target Range (lot 0027)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2SD Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>IMMULITE/IMMULITE 1000 IGF-I (ng/mL) kit lots 401 and above</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC10027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>73 - 109</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC20027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>222 - 332</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>IMMULITE 2000 IGF-I (ng/mL) kit lots 510-517</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC10027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>60 - 90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC20027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>191 - 287</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>IMMULITE 2000 IGF-I (ng/mL) kit lots 518 and above</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC10027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>56 - 84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC20027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>182 - 272</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>[MMULITE/IMMULITE 1000 IGFBP-3 (μg/mL) all kit lots</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC10027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.86  1.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC20027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.6 - 5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>[MMULITE 2000 IGFBP-3 (μg/mL) all kit lots</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC10027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.80 - 1.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGCOC20027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.2 - 4.4</td></tr></table>

Assay range: IMMULITE 2000 IGF-I $:$ up to $1 6 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ IMMULITE 2000 IGFBP-3: up to $1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when

establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines.   
Value assignment is lot specific.

Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

x CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents x Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8.0 Conclusion:

The IMMULITE® IGF Control Module is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the FDA cleared IMMULITE® SHBG Controls. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IGF Control Module does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.

# 510(k) Summary

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) Number: k150132   
1. Submitter Mailing Address: Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

# Contact Person:

Asha Gartland   
Technical Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
(914)-524-3257   
(914)-524-2101   
asha.gartland@siemens.com   
March $2 ^ { \mathrm { n d } }$ , 2015

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

2. Device Name Proprietary Name:

# IMMULITE® Gastrin Control Module

Regulation Section: Classification: Products Code:

21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
Class I Reserved   
JJX – Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed   
and Unassayed)

# Panel:

Clinical Chemistry (75)

3. Predicate Device Name Predicate 510(k) No:

IMMULITE® 2000 SHBG Controls K955440

4. Device Description:

IMMULITE Gastrin Control Module contains one set of 2 vials, each $2 . 0 \mathrm { m L }$ after reconstitution, containing lyophilized synthetic-human G-17 gastrin in a buffer matrix.

5. Intended Use: Indication for Use:

See Indications for Use Statement below The IMMULITE Gastrin Control Module is an assayed, bi-level control intended for use with the IMMULITE/IMMULITE 1000 and IMMULITE 2000 Gastrin assay. It is intended as an aid in monitoring day-to-day assay performance.

Special Conditions for Use Statement(s): Special Instrument Requirements:

For prescription use only

IMMULITE® 1000 and IMMULITE® 2000 Systems

# 6. Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence Comparison with Predicate:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Gastrin Control Module is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as summarized in Table 1.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE® Gastrin ControlModule</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE® SHBG Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE GastrinControl Module is anassayed, bi-level controlintended for use with theIMMULITE/IMMULITE 1000 andIMMULITE 2000 Gastrin assay.It is intended as an aid in monitoringday-to-day assay performance.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHBG Controls are assayed, bi-levelcontrols intended for use with theIMMULITE 2000 SHBG assay.They are intended as an aid inmonitoring day-to-day assayperformance.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable unopened until the expirationdate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE GastrinControl Module</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIMMULITE® SHBG Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gastrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHBG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffered matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-human (bovine) protein/buffermatrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20°C for 30 days after reconstitution(aliquotted)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 -8°C for 30 days after reconstitution orat -20°C for 6 months (aliquotted)</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Performance testing has been carried out to demonstrate that this device meets the performance specifications for its intended use. The following tests were performed on the candidate device.

# 7.1 Stability Summary:

The stability study was conducted to validate real-time shelf life and open vial claim for the IMMULITE Gastrin Control Module to ensure that it maintains optimal product performance on IMMULITE 2000 platforms throughout the established shelf life of the control material before and after reconstitution.

The IMMULITE Gastrin Control Module is stable for up to 3 years from date of manufacture, when stored at $2 - 8 { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ prior to opening. Stability after opening and reconstitution, is for 30 days at $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , if aliquotted and frozen immediately.

# 7.1.1 Stability Protocol Summary:

The stability controls are run in duplicate (as a minimum) and the dose value determined from a 2- point adjustment at the time points as shown in Table 2. Stability controls are run every 6 months until expiry.

Table 2: Stability Time Points   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GastrinControl level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Time-Points in Days (months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LGAC1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>182(6 months)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>365(12 Months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>730(24 months)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>912(30 months)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1095(36 months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(18 months)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGAC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182(6 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>365(12 Months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548(18 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730(24 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912(30 months)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1095(36 months)</td></tr></table>

For Open Vial testing, the results are determined from a 2-point adjustment. Using Gastrin Control Lot 030 a freshly opened vial was compared to a vial opened 35 days prior and stored at ${ } _ { - 2 0 } \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ .

# 7.1.2 Stability Acceptance Criteria Summary:

The Acceptance Criteria for the IMMULITE Gastrin Control Module is summarized in Table 3.

Table 3 Acceptance criteria for stability of IMMULITE Gastrin Control lot 30   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-% Acceptance Criteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGAC10030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85 - 113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGAC20030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>341 - 453</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2%</td></tr></table>

For Open Vial stability testing the difference between the stored and the freshly opened vial dose value should be within $\pm 1 0 \%$ .

# 7.2 Traceability:

The controls are used for quality control purposes only. Therefore traceability is not applicable for controls.

The IMMULITE controls are value assigned using assigned reference controls. The assigned reference controls are prepared using qualified Gastrin antigen stock. Synthetic gastrin antigen is used.

# 7.3 Value Assignment:

The IMMULITE controls are value assigned using assigned reference controls. The assigned reference controls are prepared using qualified Gastrin antigen stock. The controls are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

Gastrin controls are required to have a minimum of 100 control points from at least $3 \mathrm { k i t }$ lots and 3 instruments on both IMMULITE/IMMULITE 1000 and IMMULITE 2000 platforms. Both the controls being targeted (minimum 10 replicates) and the reference controls (2 replicates) are run together using an adjusted curve. The control values are assigned based on the recovered values for each run on each instrument independently. Control values are then averaged across all systems. The data is then reviewed for outliers $( > 3 \mathrm { S D } )$ and bi-modality or skewness within individual assays. Validation of the value assignment (quality control) is performed by calculating the recovery of patient samples and reference controls using the assigned control values. The reference controls must fall within their target ranges

# 7.4 Expected Values

The controls must fall within their target ranges as shown in Table 3. Example of values from Gastrin control lot 0035.

Table 3 Control Target Range (lot 0035)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 SD Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>IMMULITE/IMMULITE 1000 Gastrin (pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGAC10035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82 - 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGAC20035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>364</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306 - 422</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>IMMULITE 2000 Gastrin (pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGAC10035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81 - 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGAC20035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>363</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313 - 413</td></tr></table>

# IMMULITE 2000 Gastrin Assay Range $= \mathrm { U p }$ to $1 { , } 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot specific.

Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

x CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents x Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

Proposed Labeling: The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

# 8. Conclusion:

The IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IMMULITE Gastrin Control Module is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the FDA cleared IMMULITE® SHBG Controls. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing and was found to be comparable and supports the claims of substantial equivalence, product safety and effectiveness. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IMMULITE Gastrin Control Module does not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.