DIASORIN INC.   
CAROL DEPOUW   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST 1951 NORTHWESTERN AVENUE   
STILLWATER MN 55082-1482

Re: K150879 Trade/Device Name: LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 1-84 PTH Assay LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 1-84 PTH Control Set LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 1-84 PTH Calibration Verifiers Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1545 Regulation Name: Parathyroid hormone test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CEW, JJX Dated: March 31, 2015 Received: April 1, 2015

Dear Carol Depouw:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K150879

Device Name  
LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 1-84 PTH Assay  
LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 1-84 PTH Control Set  
LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 1-84 PTH Calibration Verifiers

Indications for Use (Describe)

The DiaSorin LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 1-84 PTH assay is an in vitro chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) intended for the quantitative determination of parathyroid hormone (1-84) in human serum and EDTA plasma. Measurements of parathyroid hormone levels are used in the differential diagnosis of hypercalcemia and hypocalcemia resulting from disorders of calcium metabolism.

The test has to be performed on the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Analyzer.

The DiaSorin LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 1-84 PTH Control Set is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the accuracy and precision of the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 1-84 PTH Assay.

The DiaSorin LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 1-84 PTH Calibration Verifiers are assayed quality control materials intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative verification of calibration and reportable range of the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 1-84 PTH Assay.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Control Set LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Calibration Verifiers

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

1. 510(k) Number: K150879

2. Applicant: Carol A. DePouw DiaSorin Inc. 1951 Northwestern Avenue, P.O. Box 285, Stillwater, MN 55082-0285 Office Number: 651-351-5850; Fax Number: 651-351-5669 Email: carol.depouw@diasorin.com

3. Date: March 26, 2015

# 4. Proprietary and Established Names:

LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Control Set LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Calibration Verifiers

# 5. Regulatory Information:

LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay

Regulation Section: 21 CFR 862.1545   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: CEW   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75)

LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Control Set LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Calibration Verifiers

Regulation Section: 21 CFR 862.1660 Classification: Class I, reserved Product Code: JJX Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75)

# 6. Predicate Devices:

The predicate device used to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay is the Scantibodies Laboratory, Inc. Whole PTH™ (1-84) Specific immunoradiometric (IRMA) assay previously cleared under (K001411).

The predicate device used to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Control Set is the LIAISON® N-TACT® PTH Control Set previously cleared under k033426.

The predicate device used to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Calibration Verifiers is the LIAISON® N-TACT® PTH Calibration Verifiers previously cleared under k093498.

# 7. Device Description:

The LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay is a modified two-step, two-site sandwich assay that uses two polyclonal antibodies for capture and detection of the 1-84 PTH molecule. Results are determined by a 2 point calibration conversion of the master curve to a working curve. The light signal is measured by a photomultiplier as relative light units (RLU) and is proportional to the concentration of 1-84 PTH present in the calibrators, controls or samples.

LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Control set contains;

 2 levels controls containing human plasma spiked with 1-84 PTH, and preservatives; 4 vials each level; lyophilized

The target concentration for control level 1 is $3 0 \ p \mathsf { g / m L }$ . The target concentration for control Level 2 is $2 6 0 ~ \mathsf { p } \mathsf { g / m l }$

The range of concentrations of each control is reported on the certificate of analysis provided with each LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Control set.

LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Calibration Verifier set contains:

 4 levels containing human plasma spiked with 1-84 PTH, with preservative, 1 vial each level, lyophilized.

The target concentration for cal verifier A is $1 0 \ p \mathsf { g / m L }$ .   
The target concentration for cal verifier B is $8 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m L }$ .   
The target concentration for cal verifier C is $4 0 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m L }$ .   
The target concentration for cal verifier D is $1 4 5 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m L }$ .

The range of concentrations of each calibration verifier is reported on the certificate of analysis provided with each LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Calibration Verifier set.

# 8. Intended Use:

The DiaSorin LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay is an in vitro chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) intended for the quantitative determination of parathyroid hormone (1-84) in human serum and EDTA plasma. Measurements of parathyroid hormone levels are used in the differential diagnosis of hypercalcemia and hypocalcemia resulting from disorders of calcium metabolism.

The test has to be performed on the LIAISON® Analyzer.

The DiaSorin LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Control Set is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the accuracy and precision of the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay.

The DiaSorin LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Calibration Verifiers are assayed quality control materials intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative verification of calibration and reportable range of the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay.

# 9. Indication(s) for Use:

Same as Intended Use

# 10. Substantial Equivalence Information:

A comparison of the similarities and differences between the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay and the predicate Scantibodies Laboratory, Inc. Whole PTH™ (1-84) Specific (IRMA) assay are provided in the following table:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Assay Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceLIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceWhole PTH™ (1-84) SpecificScantibodies Laboratory Inc.(k001411)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">intended for the quantitativedetermination of parathyroidhormone (1-84)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">intended for the in vitroquantitative determination ofhuman whole parathyroidhormone (PTH)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parathyroid Hormone (wholemolecule)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parathyroid Hormone (wholemolecule)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent Immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoradiometric(IRMA) assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Goat polyclonal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Goat polyclonal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA Plasma and Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleHandling/Processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 levelsIncluded with kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 levelsincluded with kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Interval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-point calibration curvestable for 7 weeks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 calibrator levels testedwith every assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 - 1800 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 - 2300 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA Plasma: 5.72 - 45.4 pg/mLSerum: 5.68 - 47.8 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA Plasma: 5 - 39 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Control Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceLIAISON® 1-84 PTH Control Set</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceLIAISON® N-TACT® PTHControl Set (k033426)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">intended for use as assayed qualitycontrol samples to monitor theaccuracy and precision of theLIAISON® 1-84 PTH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">intended for use as assayed qualitycontrol samples to monitor theaccuracy and precision of theLIAISON® N-TACT® PTH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 2-8°C until ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 levels: lyophilizedLevel 1 (approx 30 pg/mL)Level 2 (approx 260 pg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 levels: lyophilizedLevel 1 (approx 60 pg/mL)Level 2 (approx 560 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Calibration Verifiers Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Characteristic</td><td>Candidate Device</td><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>LIAISON©® 1-84 PTH</td><td>LIAISON® N-TACT PTH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Intended Use</td><td>Calibration Verifiers assayed quality control materials</td><td>Calibration Verifiers (k093498) assayed quality control materials</td></tr><tr><td>intended for the quantitative</td><td>intended for the quantitative</td></tr><tr><td>verification of calibration and</td><td>verification of calibration and</td></tr><tr><td>reportable range of the</td><td>reportable range of the</td></tr><tr><td>Storage</td><td>LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay 2 to 8</td><td>LIAISON® N-TACT PTH Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Levels</td><td>4 levels; lyophilized Cal Ver A (approx 10 pg/mL)</td><td>4 levels; lyophilized Cal Ver A (approx 20 pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Cal Ver B (approx 80 pg/mL)</td><td>Cal Ver B (approx 150 pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Cal Ver C (approx 400 pg/mL) Cal Ver D (approx 1450 pg/mL)</td><td>Cal Ver C (approx 350 pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Volume</td><td>2.0 mLs</td><td>(approx 1500 pg/mL) Same</td></tr></table>

# 11. Standard/guidance Document Reference:

o CLSI Guideline EP5-A2, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods;   
o CLSI Guideline EP6-A, Evaluation of Linearity of Quantitative Analytical Methods;   
o CLSI Guideline EP7-A2, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry;   
o CLSI Guideline EP9-A3, Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline;   
o CLSI Guideline EP17-A2, Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures;   
o CLSI Guideline C28-A3, Defining, Establishing and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory.

# 12. Performance Characters:

# Method Comparison

A method comparison study was performed following CLSI EP9-A3, mean of the duplicate results for the Scantibodies Laboratory Inc. Whole PTH™ (1-84) Specific and

singlicate results for the LIAISON 1-84 PTH Assay were plotted. Passing & Bablok linear regression analyses were performed and gave the following results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Passing &amp; Bablok Fit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interceptpg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlationcoefficient (R)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9810</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9497 to 1.0204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.29 to -0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9812</td></tr></table>

# Sample Matrix Comparison

One Hundred Eighty-eight (188) matched patient sets of EDTA plasma and serum samples were tested to determine if these sample types provide equivalent results on the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay.

The following Passing & Bablok regression analyses results were obtained:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA plasma vs.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interceptpg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0481</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03-1.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.48 - 0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9981</td></tr></table>

Reference Range It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own range of expected values.

To assess the expected reference range for the $\mathsf { L I A l S O N } ^ { \otimes }$ 1-84 PTH Assay, a study was performed with 125 EDTA plasma samples (91 females and 34 males) and 124 serum samples (90 females and 34 males) collected from apparently healthy adults; 21 – 70 years of age, from mixed ethnic backgrounds $( 3 2 . 0 \%$ dark-skinned, $6 7 . 2 \%$ lightskinned and $0 . 8 \%$ unknown) with normal 25 OH Vitamin D, TSH, Total Calcium, Phosphorus, Magnesium, Creatinine and Alkaline Phosphatase levels from the northern and southern regions of the U.S. Based on the parametric method with $9 5 \%$ Reference Limit, the following values were established following CLSI guideline C28-A3.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PopulationUnited States</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MedianPTH (pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed Range2.5th to 7.5thPercentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.722-45.4pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.68 - 47.8 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Precision

Precision testing was performed following CLSI Guideline EP5-A2, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline – Second Edition. A coded panel comprised of 7 frozen EDTA plasma samples spanning the assay range was prepared by DiaSorin Inc. One lot of LIAISON® 1-84 PTH controls (2 levels) were also tested in the study. The precision panel samples and kit controls were tested on two lots of LIAISON® 1-84 PTH in two replicates per run, 2 runs per day for 20 operating days on 1 LIAISON® Analyzer for a total of 160 replicate results per sample.

The 20 day results are summarized for the combined reagent lot numbers as sample mean PTH concentration in $\mathsf { p } \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { m } \mathsf { L }$ , standard deviations and coefficient of variation $( \% C \backslash I )$ for between lot and Total across lots.

Combined lot precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanPTH(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total (Across Lots)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>305.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA PTH-S1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA PTH-S2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTAPTH-S3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTAS4-PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTAS5-PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>399.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTAS6-PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1124.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA S7-PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1743.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td></tr></table>

The calibration verifiers were tested on one $\mathsf { L } | \mathsf { A } | \mathsf { S } \mathsf { O N } ^ { \circledast }$ Analyzer with one lot of LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay in two replicates per run, 2 runs per day for 20 operating days for a total of 80 replicate results per calibration verifier.

The mean, standard deviation, and coefficient of variation $( \% C \backslash I )$ of the results were computed for each of the tested calibration verifier levels.

Calibration Verifiers 20 day precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intra-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Run-to-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Day-to-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL(Within-lot)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal Verifier A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal Verifier B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal Verifier C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>376</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal Verifier D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1487</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

One sample pool of each type; serum and EDTA plasma were diluted and analyzed by the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay following CLSI EP6-A. The results were analyzed by a regression of Observed PTH Concentration versus Expected PTH Concentration.

The resulting equations for each sample type are: Serum: Observed $1 { - } 8 4 ~ \mathsf { P T H } = 0 . 9 9 9 2 \mathsf { x } - 0 . 0 8 3 5$ ; $\mathsf { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 7 6$ EDTA plasma: Observed $1 - 8 4 ~ { \sf P T H } = 0 . 9 6 7 9 \times - 3 . 3 2 8 ; ~ { \sf R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 7 1$

# High Dose Hook Effect

Testing was conducted to determine if the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay is susceptible to artificially low results in the presence of very high levels of PTH (Hook Effect). Three serum and 3 EDTA plasma samples were spiked with 1-84 PTH to equal several concentrations above the assay measuring range of $1 8 0 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m L }$ . The spiked samples were measured in triplicate.

No high dose hook effect was observed for 1-84 PTH concentrations measured up to 60,000 pg/mL.

# Recovery Study

Five (5) high concentration EDTA plasma samples and 5 low concentration samples EDTA plasma samples were analyzed neat on the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay. Recovery samples were then prepared by mixing defined ratios of the high and low samples and tested in replicates of 5. The observed values were compared to the expected values to determine the $\%$ recovery.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Definedpg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expectedpg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observedpg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Sample 1 (HS1)2 HS1 : 1 LS11 HS1 : 1 LS11 HS1 : 2 LS1Low Sample 1 (LS1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53418.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>364277189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>344262178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%95%94%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Sample 2 (HS2)2 HS2 : 1 LS21 HS2 : 1 LS21 HS2 : 2 LS2Low Sample 2 (LS2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108813.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>734551368</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>713514331</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%93%90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Sample 3 (HS3)2 HS3 : 1 LS31 HS3 : 1 LS31 HS3 : 2 LS3Low Sample 3 (LS3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45712.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>311235159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300224153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%95%96%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Sample 4 (HS4)2 HS4 : 1 LS41 HS4 : 1 LS41 HS4 : 2 LS4Low Sample 4 (LS4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.25.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.225.518.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.324.818.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%97%99%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Sample 5 (HS5)2 HS5 : 1 LS51 HS5 : 1 LS51 HS5 : 2 LS5Low Sample 5 (LS5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154628.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1045787529</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>990733501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%93%95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mean Recovery</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr></table>

# Sample Equivalence:

One hundred Eighty-eight matched patient sets of EDTA plasma and serum with results spanning the assay range of the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay were tested to determine sample equivalence.

Comparison of serum to EDTA plasma yielded the following equation: Serum $= 1 . 0 4 8 1 \times + 0 . 1 4 3 8$ ; $\mathsf { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 8 \dot { 1 }$ .

Controlled studies of potentially cross-reacting substances were performed on the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay. LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Specimen Diluent was spiked with the following human PTH fragments and structurally similar proteins at the concentrations listed below. Testing was based on CLSI EP-7A2.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spikedconcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CrossReactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-84PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00105%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-34PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00005%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1334PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00020%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3968PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00090%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4468PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00055%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3984PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00050%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5384PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00015%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcitonin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00008%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Osteocalcin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00005%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-Telopeptide (β-crosslaps)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00001%</td></tr></table>

# Interference Studies

Controlled studies of potentially interfering endogenous substances performed in EDTA plasma at two PTH levels (40 and $7 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m L } } )$ showed no interference in the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay at the highest spiked concentration for each substance listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug/Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration at which nosignificant interference(≥ ±10%) was observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin(conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,000mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,088sng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,380 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

Controlled studies of potentially interfering exogenous substances performed in EDTA plasma at two PTH levels (40 and70 pg/mL) showed no interference in the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay at the highest spiked concentration for each substance listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug/Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration at which nosignificant interference(≥ ±10%) was observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alendronate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Etidronate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pamidronate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Risedronate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin D2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcitriol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alfacalcidol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalciumAcetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalciumCitrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MagnesiumChloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AluminumSulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LanthanumChloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Limit of Blank, Limit of Detection and Limit of Quantitation

The Limit of Blank, Limit of Detection and Limit of Quantitation were determined according to CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline June 2012- Second Edition.

The following limits for serum and EDTA plasma were determined with the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.5 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

Stability   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Storage Conditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claimed stability</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Integral</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>on system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Integral</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial - Reconstituted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>on system/RT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial -Reconstituted and Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 weeks</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration curve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial - Reconstituted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>on system/RT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial-Reconstituted and Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 weeks</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Calibration Verifiers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial - Reconstituted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>on system/RT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial-Reconstituted and Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 weeks</td></tr></table>

# Traceability

The LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Calibrators, Controls and Calibration Verifiers concentrations are referenced to an in-house standard preparation containing synthetic human PTH (1-84).

# Value Assignment

# Calibrators

A minimum of 5 vials of each level of calibrator are tested on a minimum of 3 LIAISON® Analyzers, using 2 different approved LIAISON®1-84 PTH Assay kit lots, in a minimum of 5 assay runs with 6 replicates per vial resulting in a minimum of 30 individual replicate results per calibrator level for final value assignment.

# Controls

A minimum of 10 vials of each level of control are tested on a minimum of 3 LIAISON® Analyzers, using 2 different approved LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay kit lots, in a minimum of 5 assay runs over 10 days with four replicates per vial resulting in a minimum of 40 individual replicate results per control used for final value range assignment.

The mean, standard deviation (sd) and $\%$ CV for each level of kit control is calculated and a $\pm 2 5 0$ range is established.

# Calibration Verifiers

A minimum of 12 vials of each level of calibration verifier are tested on a minimum of 4 LIAISON® Analyzers, using 2 different approved LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay kit lots, in a minimum of 6 assay runs with four replicates per vial resulting in a minimum of 48 individual replicate results used per calibration verifier for final value range assignment. The mean, standard deviation (sd) and $\%$ CV for each level of calibration verifier is calculated and a $\pm 2 5 0$ range is established.

# 13. Conclusion:

The LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Assay, LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Control Set and the LIAISON® 1-84 PTH Calibration Verifiers are substantially equivalent in principle and performance to the Scantibodies Laboratory, Inc. Whole PTH™ (1-84) Specific immunoradiometric (IRMA) assay, the LIAISON® N-TACT® PTH Control Set and the LIAISON® N-TACT® PTH Calibration Verifiers, respectively.