May 1, 2015

ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS   
ADAM CLARK   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS CONSULTANT   
9115 HAGUE ROAD   
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250

Re: K150955 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: April 8, 2015 Received: April 9, 2015

Dear Mr. Clark:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K150955

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary for the Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

Submitter Name, Address, Contact

Roche Diagnostics   
9115 Hague Road   
P.O. Box 50416   
Indianapolis, IN 46250-0415

Contact Person: Adam Clark

Phone: (317) 521-4371  Fax: (317) 521-2324 Email: adam.clark@roche.com

Secondary Contact Person: Michael Leuther

Phone: (317) 521-3930  Fax: (317) 521-2324 Email: michael.leuther@roche.com

Date Prepared: April 27, 2015

# Purpose

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87, Roche Diagnostics hereby submits official notification as required by Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification 510(k).

The purpose of this premarket notification is to obtain FDA review and clearance for the Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5.

# Device Name

Proprietary name: Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5

Common name: Progesterone III CalCheck 5

Classification name: 21 CFR 816.1660, Single (specified) analyte controls (assayed and unassayed)

Product Code: JJX

Predicate Device: Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5, continued

# Establishment Registration

For the Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5, the establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics GmbH in Mannheim, Germany is 9610126, and for Penzberg, Germany is 9610529. The establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics in the United States is 1823260.

# Classification

The FDA has classified the Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5 as a Class I reserved device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationCitation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry(75)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single (specified)analyte controls (assayedand unassayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1660</td></tr></table>

# Device Description

Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5:

The Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5 is a lyophilized product consisting of 5 different levels of plant-derived Progesterone in a human serum matrix. It is traceable via ID-GC/MS (isotope dilution gas chromatography mass spectrometry) to highly purified progesterone by weight analogous to BCR348R and ERM-DA347.

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5, continued

# Intended Use/ Indications for Use

The Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5 is an assayed control for use in calibration verification and for use in the verification of the assay range established by the Elecsys Progesterone III reagent on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Substantial Equivalence

The Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5 is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. We claim equivalency to the currently approved Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5 (k142147).

# Substantial Equivalence - Comparison

The table below compares Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5 with the predicate device, Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5 (k142147).

Comparison of Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5 with the predicate device, Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5 (k142147). Table 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Elecsys Estradiol III CalCheck 5(k142147)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Assay Features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use/Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys Estradiol IIICalCheck 5 is an assayed controlfor use in calibration verificationand for use in the verification ofthe assay range established by theElecsys Estradiol III reagent onthe indicated Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5is an assayed control for use incalibration verification and for use in theverification of the assay rangeestablished by the Elecsys ProgesteroneIII reagent on the indicated Elecsys andcobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estradiol (Synthetic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progesterone (plant material)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum matrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 - 3000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05 - 60 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check TargetValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check 1: ≤ 10 pg/mLCheck 2: 100 pg/mLCheck 3: 1500 pg/mLCheck 4: 2400 pg/mLCheck 5: 3000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check 1: ≤ 0.15 ng/mLCheck 2: 2.0 ng/mLCheck 3: 30.0 ng/mLCheck 4: 45.0 ng/mLCheck 5: 60.0 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute Check 1, Check 2,Check 3, Check 4, and Check 5with exactly 1.0mL distilled ordeionized water. Allow to standclosed for 15 minutes, then mixgently by inversion to ensurehomogeneity.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute Check 1, Check 2, Check 3,Check 4, and Check 5 with exactly1.0mL distilled or deionized water.Allow to stand closed for 15 minutes,then mix gently by inversion to ensurehomogeneity.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:•  Store at 2-8°C untilexpiration dateOpened: 20-25°C: 4 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:• Store at 2-8°C until expirationdateOpened: 20-25°C: 4 hours</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5, continued

# Traceability

The Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5 was standardized against ID-GC/MS (isotope dilution gas chromatography mass spectrometry).

# Value Assignment

Value assignment testing was conducted and passed pre-defined acceptance criteria. For each Elecsys Progesterone III CalCheck 5 lot manufactured, the CalChecks are run in duplicate on at least three cobas e 601analyzers. The assigned value of each CalCheck is defined as the mean value obtained over at least 6 determinations (duplicate runs on at least 3 analyzers) of the respective CalCheck.

The CalCheck assigned range is calculated as $\pm 2 7 \%$ of the assigned value for levels 2 through 5. The label states that each laboratory should establish appropriate acceptance criteria when using this product for its intended use.

The same value assignment procedure is performed on the cobas e 411. The assigned values obtained are compared to those obtained on the cobas e 601. The mean value obtained on the additional analyzer must be within $10 \%$ of the master platform assigned value. After this acceptance criterion is met, the assigned values from the master platform are deemed valid for the MODULAR ANALYTICS E170, cobas e 411, cobas e 601, and cobas e 602 immunoassay analyzers.

# Target Values

The CalCheck target values for the Elecsys Progesterone III Calcheck 5 are as follows:   

<table><tr><td>Check Target Values</td><td>Check 1: ≤ 0.15 ng/mL Check 2: 2.0 ng/mL Check 3: 30.0 ng/mL Check 4: 45.0 ng/mL Check 5: 60.0 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Two studies were performed in order to verify the stability claims for the Progesterone III CalCheck 5. Additionally, a real-time stability study is ongoing to support the shelf-life stability claim.

Opened-vial and accelerated stability studies were completed on the cobas e 411. Because these studies are not analyzer-dependent, these results, in addition to realtime stability study results, can be applied to the MODULAR ANALYTICS E170, cobas e 601 and cobas e 602.

# Study 1. Open-Vial Stability:

The on-test and reference materials were tested in duplicate. The on-test material was reconstituted and stored for 5 hours at $2 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ (in an open vial). The reference material was a freshly reconstituted set of CalChecks. The on-test recovery was calculated as a percent of the reference value.

One Progesterone III CalCheck 5 lot was evaluated in duplicate on the cobas e 411. The acceptance criterion for CalCheck Level 1 was $\leq 0 . 1 5 \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ , for CalCheck Level $2 8 5 \mathrm { - } 1 1 5 \%$ and for level $3 { - } 5 ~ 9 0 { - } 1 1 0 \%$ recovery of the reference material value. The data support the package insert claim that reconstituted Progesterone III CalCheck 5 is stable up to 4 hours at $2 0 – 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

The CalCheck products are not stored on-board the analyzer, therefore no on-board stability claims are made.

# Study 2. Accelerated Stability:

The on-test material was stored lyophilized (as supplied to the user) at $3 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ for 3 weeks. The reference material was a freshly reconstituted set of CalChecks (stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ). After 3 weeks, the test and reference materials were tested in duplicate. The on-test recovery was calculated as a percent of the reference value.

One Progesterone III CalCheck 5 lot was evaluated in duplicate on the cobas e 411. The acceptance criterion for CalCheck Level $1 \ \mathrm { w a s } \leq 0 . 1 5 \ \mathrm { n g / m L } .$ , for CalCheck Level $2 8 5 \mathrm { - } 1 1 5 \%$ and for level $3 – 5 9 0 – 1 1 0 \%$ recovery of the reference material value.

The accelerated stability model employed supports an initial shelf-life claim of 18 months when the Progesterone III CalCheck 5 are stored under normal storage conditions of $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# Conclusion