Re: K150270 Trade/Device Name: ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D, ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Calibrator Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1825 Regulation Name: Vitamin D test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: MRG, JIT Dated: September 10, 2015 Received: September 14, 2015

Dear Robert Wick:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k150270

Device Name ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D, ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Calibrator Set

Indications for Use (Describe)   
ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D is designed for in vitro diagnostic use only for the quantitative measurement of total 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH vitamin D) in human serum, Na-heparinized plasma or EDTA plasma on TOSOH AIA System Analyzers. The Tosoh ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D is intended as an aid in the determination of Vitamin D sufficiency.

The ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Calibrator Set is intended for in vitro diagnostic use only for the calibration of the ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D assay.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

510(k) Summary

# ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D k150270

# Date:

October 22, 2015

Submitter:

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc 3600 Gantz Road Grove City, OH 43123

Contact Person:

Robert L. Wick   
Regulatory Specialist   
6000 Shoreline Ct., Ste. 101   
South San Francisco, CA 94080   
Phone: 650-636-8117   
Fax: 650-636-8121   
Email: Robert.Wick@Tosoh.com

# Device Name: Classification:

ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D   
Class II   
MRG   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 862.1825

# Device Name: Classification

ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Calibrator Set   
Class II   
JIT   
ClinicalChemistry   
21 CFR 862.1150

Predicate Device:

k123131   
Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.   
ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Assay   
ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Calibrator Set

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Device Description:

The ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D is a one-step delayed competitive enzyme immunoassay which, after sample pretreatment, is performed entirely in the ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D test cup. Sample pretreatment reagents (containing sodium hydroxide) disassociate 25-OH vitamin D from its binding proteins in the test sample. 25-OH vitamin D present in the pretreated sample is bound to 25- OH vitamin D-specific monoclonal antibody immobilized on magnetic beads. After that, the enzymelabeled 25-OH vitamin D is added to the reaction mixture. The enzyme-labeled 25-OH vitamin D competes with 25-OH vitamin D for binding to the antibody on magnetic beads in the reaction mixture.

After the second incubation, the magnetic beads are washed to remove the unbound enzymelabeled 25-OH vitamin D and are then incubated with a fluorogenic substrate, 4- methylumbelliferyl phosphate (4MUP). The amount of enzyme-labeled 25-OH vitamin D that binds to the beads is inversely proportional to the 25-OH vitamin D concentration in the test sample. A standard curve is

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.   
constructed, and unknown 25-OH vitamin D concentrations are calculated using this curve.

The ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Calibrator Set contains human sera with assigned levels of 25-OH Vitamin D. The calibrator set consists of six calibrators with assigned concentrations of approximately 0, 8, 17, 33, 66 and $1 3 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . Each level contains the assigned concentration of the 25-OH vitamin D (described on each vial) with sodium azide as a preservative.

The following products are required to use the ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D P/N 025234: ST

AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Calibrator Set ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Pretreatment Set

025334   
025734

# Device Intended Use:

ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D is designed for in vitro diagnostic use only for the quantitative measurement of total 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH vitamin D) in human serum, Na heparinized or EDTA plasma on TOSOH AIA System Analyzers. The Tosoh ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D is intended as an aid in the determination of Vitamin D sufficiency.

# Calibrators:

The ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Calibrator Set is intended for In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only for the calibration of the ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D assay.

# Device Indications for Use:

Same as Intended Use

# Substantial Equivalence: Comparison between the Tosoh ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D (standardized) and Tosoh AIA-PACK 25- OH Vitamin D Assay (unstandardized)

Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST AIA-PACK 25-OH VitaminD Test Cups (modifiedcalibrator)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST AIA-PACK 25-OH VitaminD Test Cups k123131</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST AIA-PACK 25-OH VitaminD is designed for in vitrodiagnostic use only for thequantitative measurement oftotal 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH vitamin D) in humanserum, Na heparinized orEDTA plasma on TOSOH AIASystem Analyzers. The TosohST AIA-PACK 25-OH VitaminD is intended as an aid in thedetermination of Vitamin Dsufficiency.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as Intended Use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA plasma, Na heparinizedplasma or serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 ng/mL - 120.0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescent Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Incubation Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 minute cycle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3 ng/mL to 60.0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8 to 54.75 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

Calibrator Set Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST AIA-PACK 25-OH VitaminD Calibrator Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST AIA-PACK 25-OH VitaminD Calibrator Set k123131</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ST AIA-PACK 25-OHVitamin D Calibrator Set isintended for IN VITRODIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY forthe calibration of the ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization/Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to the ID-LC/MS/MS25 (OH) vitamin D referencemeasurement procedure(University of Ghent) via patientsample correlation.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to an Internalreference standard</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration 25-OH vit D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 0-135 ng/mL (0,8, 17, 33, 66, 135 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 0-165 ng/mL (0,10, 20, 40, 80, 165 ng/mL)</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

# Precision

Precision was assessed by assaying three levels of unaltered serum specimens (Serum-A, Serum-B and Serum-C) and three spiked serum specimens (Serum-D, Serum-E and Serum-F) on two analyzers and two lots of reagents. Estimates of total and within-run precision were obtained from measurements of 2 replicates in a single run, 2 times a day for 20 non-consecutive days. This equaled a total of 40 runs and 80 determinants per lot. In addition, all of the data were combined to assess the within run, between run, between day, between lot and total precision. The following results were obtained when testing for precision:

Within-run precision 1.3 – 3.9% Between run precision 1.5 – 3,1% Between day precision 2.2 – 4.1% Total precision 2.6 – 4.9% Between lot precision 1.1 – 3.1%

# Combined Lot Summary Table

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum F</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mean Conc.ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>WithinRun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr></table>

# ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BetweenRun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BetweenDay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BetweenLot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr></table>

The precision equals or exceeds the precision obtained with the predicate calibrator traceability for (k)123131.

# Linearity:

The linearity for ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Calibrator was determined, based on the CLSI protocol entitled: Evaluation of the Linearity of Qualitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guidelines (EP6-A). The linearity was measured on the AIA-2000 instrument and has been demonstrated to be linear from $4 . 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ to $1 2 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

There is no change in linearity from k123131.

# Standardization and Traceability

This assay is traceable to the isotope dilution-liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (IDLC-/MS/MS) 25-OH Vitamin D Reference Method Procedure (RMP) that is traceable to the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Standard Reference Material (SRM) 2972.

The Tosoh ST-AIA PACK 25 OH Vitamin D assay was originally cleared under 510(k)123131. Tosoh modified the assay by standardizing the cleared Vitamin D assay in accordance with the Vitamin D Standardization and Certification Program (VDSCP).

Please refer to http://ods.od.nih.gov/Research/Vitamin D.aspx for more information on this program.

In accordance with the recommendations of the program, the traceability of the Tosoh ST-AIA PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Calibrator Set was verified by completing a method comparison and bias estimation using the University of Ghent’s ID-LC/MS/MS 25-OH vitamin D Reference Measurement Procedure (RMP).

The relationship between the Tosoh ST-AIA PACK 25-OH Vitamin D assay and the ID-LC/MS/MS 25-OH Vitamin D RMP is described below in the method comparison section.

# Value Assignment

The values of the primary reference materials were adjusted with correlation study results with the ID-LC-MS/MS method. The values were verified by comparing measured results with those obtained with ID-LC-MS/MS for patient samples at the University of Ghent, in Ghent, Belgium.

The values of the secondary reference material were assigned using the primary reference

# ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

materials as calibrators. The values were verified by comparing measured results with those obtained with the previous lot for patient samples.

The commercial calibrator values were assigned with the secondary reference materials as calibrators. The values were verified by comparing measured results with those obtained with the previous lot for control materials.

# Correlation

# Method Comparison

The methods comparison study was conducted with reference to the CLSI protocol entitled: Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline (EP9-A2)

A total of 111 serum specimens in the range of $5 . 0 - 1 1 4 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , as value assigned by the Ghent University ID-LC-MS/MS reference measurement procedure (RMP), were assayed in singleton utilizing the ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D assay to assess the ST-AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Assay traceability to the RMP.

The Weighted Deming regression analysis between the RMP method and the ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Assay is listed below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weighted Deming *</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.92 - 1.05)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.48 (-1.89 - 0.92)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Error Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.708</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corr Coef (R):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.965</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.23 (-0.71%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Points (Plotted/Total):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111/111</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Ranges:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D  4.7 to 120 ng/mLID-LC-MS/MS (Ghent University) 5.0 to 114 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

$\overline { { \star _ { 9 5 \% } } }$ Confidence Intervals are shown in parentheses

To demonstrate the bias between the standardized assay (candidate) as compared to the original assay (predicate), one hundred eighty-one (181) unaltered serum specimens were assayed in singleton utilizing the ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D assay on the AIA-2000 analyzer using calibrations from ST AIAPACK 25-OH Vitamin D Calibrator (predicate and candidate) and comparing the results. The results are listed below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deming *</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regular *</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.808 (0.801 to 0.816)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.807 (0.7999 to 0.815)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26 (-0.15 to 0.67)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33 (-0.08 to 0.73)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Error Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corr Coef ®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.9979</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-8.90 (-20.25%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Points (Plotted/Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>181/181</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate calibrator11.4 to111.8 ng/mLCandidate calibrator 9.4 to 92.3 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

$\yen 95 \%$ Confidence Intervals are shown in parentheses

# Matrix Comparison

See K123131

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

# Cross Reactivity

See k123131

# Reference Ranges

A reference range study was conducted based on guidance from Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) Protocol C28-A3.

To determine the reference range for the ST-AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Assay, a total of 252 serum samples, from 111 females and 141 males, ages 21 to 86 years, were assayed in singleton utilizing the ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D assay on the AIA-2000 analyzer. The specimens were obtained from apparently healthy individuals with normal PTH, TSH, calcium, magnesium and phosphorus levels. The samples were collected in Maryland, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Southern California in March, May, June, and July respectively.

The reference range specimens had a normal distribution and the $9 5 \%$ confidence interval was defined as the ref. range interval.

# Demographics

<table><tr><td>Caucasian Female</td><td>48% 44%</td><td>non-Caucasian Male</td><td>52% 56%</td></tr><tr><td>Supplements 26%</td><td>No Supplements</td><td>56%</td><td>Not specified 18%</td></tr></table>

There was no significant difference between values obtained for male and females. The following reference range was obtained for the adult population:

Number of Samples (n) 252 Reference Interval 12.3 – 60.0 ng/mL

# Interference

See k123131

# Limit of Detection and Limit of Quantification

The LoB and LoD of the ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D was determined based on the CLSI guideline entitled: Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation; Approved Guideline EP17-A.

The LoB was determined by 60 measurements of 3 different blank specimens. The LoB was the value at the 95th percentile. In this case the LoB was determined to be $1 . 6 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

The LoD was determined by 12 measurements of 5 low level samples. The sample range was chosen to be between LoB and 4xLoB and 3 lots of reagents were utilized. The LoD was determined to be $3 . 2 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The LoQ was determined by measuring a series of low Vitamin D samples that were prepared by diluting a specimen with known Vitamin C concentration at different dilution ratios. The prepared samples were assayed in replicates of eight 98) every day for five (5) days on one instrument for a total of 40 replicates per sample.

# ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

The mean, SD and $\% 0 \%$ were established and plotted to calculate the functional sensitivity. The functional sensitivity is $3 . 3 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ at $20 \%$ CV.

# Standards:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDARecognitionNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RevisionDate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Title</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP5-A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/31/2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluation of Precision Performance ofQuantitative Measurement Methods;Approved Guideline-Second Edition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP6-A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03/18/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluation of the Linearity of QuantitativeMeasurement Procedures: a StatisticalApproach: Approved Guideline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP28-A3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>09/08/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Defining, Establishing, and verifyingReference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory;Approved Guideline - Third Edition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP17-A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03/18/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protocols for Determination of Limits ofDetection and Limits of Quantitation;Approved Guideline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP9-A3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03/08/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method Comparison and Bias EstimationUsing Patient Samples; Approved Guideline-Second Edition</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The Tosoh Bioscience, Inc. ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Assay and Calibrator Set is substantially equivalent to the Tosoh k123131- ST AIA-PACK 25-OH Vitamin D Assay and Calibrator Set for in vitro diagnostic use only for the quantitative measurement of total 25- hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH Vitamin D) in human serum, Na heparinized or EDTA plasma on Tosoh AIA System Analyzers.