ELITECH GROUP   
DEBRA HUTSON   
VP RA/QA   
21720 23RD DRIVE SE, SUITE 150   
BOTHELL WA 98021

Re: K151113 Trade/Device Name: ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1145 Regulation Name: Calcium test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CJY Dated: April 23, 2015 Received: April 27, 2015

Dear Debra Hutson:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO

Indications for Use (Describe) ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of total calcium in human serum, plasma and urine using ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.

It is not intended for use in Point of Care settings.

Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO

2. Submitter:

ELITech Clinical Systems SAS   
Zone Industrielle   
61500 SEES   
FRANCE

3. Contact Person:

Debra K. Hutson   
VP RA/QA, EGI   
$2 1 7 2 0 2 3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ Dr SE, Suite 150   
Bothell, WA 98021   
Phone: 425-482-5174   
Fax: 425-482-5550   
Email: d.hutson@elitechgroup.com

4. Device Name: Classification:

ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO   
Class II   
CJY   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 862.1145

5. Predicate Device:

k123171   
HORIBA ABX   
ABX PENTRA CALCIUM AS CP ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic   
determination of total calcium in human serum, plasma and urine using ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.   
It is not intended for use in Point of Care settings.   
Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).

Special conditions for use statement(s):

Rx only.

This device is intended for professional use and in vitro diagnostic use only.

CAUTION: Federal Law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a licensed healthcare practitioner.

Special instrument requirements:   
For use with ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers. Performance data was obtained on the Selectra ProM Analyzer.

# Device Descriptions

ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO is available as a kit only. It consists of a mono-reagent R whose composition is: 100 mmol/L MES buffer (pH 6.50), $2 0 0 \mu \mathrm { m o l / L }$ Arsenazo III.

8.

Substantial Equivalence Information Assay (reagent)

1. Predicate Device Name ABX PENTRA CALCIUM AS CP 2. K123171 3. Comparison with predicate

# Similarities

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceELITech Clinical SystemsCALCIUM ARSENAZO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceABX PENTRA CALCIUM AS CP,k123171</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUMARSENAZO is intended for thequantitative in vitro diagnosticdetermination of total calcium inhuman serum, plasma and urine usingELITech Clinical Systems Selectra ProSeries Analyzers.It is not intended for use in Point ofCare settings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra Calcium AS CP reagent,with associated calibrator and controls,is a diagnostic reagent for quantitativein vitro determination of calcium inhuman serum, plasma and urine basedon a colourimetric method, using theABX Pentra 400 Clinical Chemistryanalyzer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium measurements are used inthe diagnosis and treatment ofparathyroid disease, a variety of bonediseases, chronic renal disease andtetany (intermittent muscularcontractions or spasms).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurements of calcium is used in thediagnosis and treatment of parathyroiddisease, a variety of bone diseases,chronic renal disease and tetany(intermittent muscular contractions orspasms).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, Plasma, Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colorimetric test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent R:MES Buffer, pH 6.50 100 mmol/LArsenazo III 200 µmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appearanceof reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid form, ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Differences

Page 3 of 11   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceELITech Clinical SystemsCALCIUM ARSENAZO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceABX PENTRA CALCIUM AS CP,K123171</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 x 20 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 79 mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage &amp;Expiry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 2-8°C and protect from light.The reagent is stable until the expirydate stated on the label.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents, in unopened cassettes, arestable up to the expiry date on the labelif stored at 2-8°C and contamination isavoided.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, Plasma : 5.00 - 15.00 mg/dLUrine: 1.50 - 18.00 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, Plasma : 4.00 - 18.05 mg/dLUrine: 0.64 - 18.05 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Selectra Pro M</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra 400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReferenceValues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/ Plasma :8.6 - 10.3 mg/dL2.15 - 2.57 mmol/LUrine (for a urinary volume of 1.5 Lper day) :100 - 300 mg/24h2.50 - 7.50 mmol/24hCalcemia is always interpretedaccording to the plasmatic proteinrates.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum / Plasma : 8.6 - 10.3 mg/dL(2.15 - 2.57 mmol/L)Urine :Women: &lt; 250 mg/24h (6.24 mmol/24h)Men: &lt; 300 mg/24h (7.49 mmol/24h)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended quality controlmaterial (not included):ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL I(Normal control) (cleared in k110830)ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL II(Pathologiccontrol) (cleared  ink110830)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended quality control material(not included):ABX Pentra N ControlABX Pentra P ControlABX Pentra Urine Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended calibration material(not included):ELITech Clinical Systems ELICAL 2(cleared in k110830)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended calibration material (notincluded):ABX Pentra MultiCal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit ofDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/Plasma: 0.04 mg/dLUrine: 0.15 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/Plasma: 0.28 mg/dLUrine: 0.23 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit ofQuantitation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/Plasma: 5.00 mg/dLUrine: 1.50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/Plasma: 1.54 mg/dLUrine: 0.64 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferences-Serum/Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unconjugated bilirubin: Nosignificant interference up to30.0 mg/dL (513 µmol/L).Conjugated bilirubin: No significantinterference up to 29.5 mg/dL (504μmol/L).Hemoglobin: No significantinterference up to 500 mg/dL.Triglycerides: No significantinterference up to 1726 mg/dL.Magnesium: No significantinterference up to 12.0 mg/dLAscorbic acid: No significantinterference up to 20.0 mg/dL.Acetylsalicylic Acid: No significantinterference up to 200 mg/dL.Acetaminophen: No significantinterference up to 30 mg/dL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Bilirubin: No significant influenceis observed up to 788 umol/L(46.1 mg/dL).Direct Bilirubin: No significantinfluence is observed up to 445 µmol/L(26.0 mg/dL).Haemoglobin: No significant influenceis observed up to 290 µmol/L (500mg/dL).Lipemia: No significant influence isobserved up to an Intralipid®concentration (representative oflipemia) of 500 mg/dL.Magnesium: No significant influence isobserved up to 4.42 mmol/L (10.7mg/dL).Ascorbic Acid: No significant influenceis observed up to 3.40 mmol/L (60mg/dL).Acetylsalicylic Acid: No significantinfluence is observed up to 3.62 mmol/L(65.2 mg/dL).Acetaminophen: No significantinfluence is observed up to 1324 µmol/L(20 mg/dL).Ibuprofen: No significant influence isobserved up to 2.42 mmol/L (50.1mg/dL).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferences -Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugated bilirubin: No significantinterference up to 29.5 mg/dL (504μmol/L).Hemoglobin: No significantinterference up to 500 mg/dLAscorbic acid: No significantinterference up to 20.0 mg/dL.Urea: No significant interference upto 5000 mg/dL.Uric Acid: No significant interferenceup to 100 mg/dL.Magnesium: No significantinterference up to 10.0 mg/dLpH: No significant interference for pHvalues ranging between 2.5 and 6.0.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct Bilirubin: No significantinfluence is observed up to 432 µmol/L(25.3 mg/dL).Haemoglobin: No significant influenceis observed up to 290 µmol/L (500mg/dL).Ascorbic Acid: No significant influenceis observed up to 3.40 mmol/L (60mg/dL).Lipemia: No significant influence isobserved up to an Intralipid®concentration (representative oflipemia) of 200 mg/dL.Magnesium: No significant influence isobserved up to 5.34 mmol/L (13.0mg/dL).pH: The urine should not be alkalinized.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-boardstability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrationfrequency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration frequency: 28 daysRecalibrate when reagent lotschange, when quality control resultsfall outside the established range,and after a maintenance operation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The reagent is calibrated on Day 0. Thecalibration stability is checked bytesting 2 control specimens.The calibration stability is 10 days.Note: A recalibration is recommendedwhen reagent lots change, and whenquality control results fall outside therange established.</td></tr></table>

# 9. Standard/Guidance Document Reference

No applicable mandatory performance standards or special controls exist for this device

# 10. Test Principle:

Arsenazo III [2,7-(bis(2-arsonophenylazo))-1,8-dihydroxynaphtalene-3,6-disulphonic acid], forms in neutral medium a blue complex with calcium. The color intensity is directly proportional to the total calcium concentration.

# 11. Performance Characteristics – Analytical Performance

# a. Precision/Reproducibility

# Precision

The precision of the device was determined in accordance with CLSI EP05-A2 protocol (Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline - Second Edition).

Within-run and total precision results were obtained by performing two runs per day, two measures per run, for 3 levels of samples on 2 instruments during twenty operating days

according to CLSI EP05-A2 protocol. The results are presented in the table below:

Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Precision %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr></table>

Urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Precision %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range

The linearity study of ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO was performed according to CLSI protocol EP06-A (Evaluation of the Linearity of the Measurement of Quantitative Procedures: a Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline).

# Serum:

The linearity of ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO was studied by mixing a sample with high value ${ 1 5 . 3 5 \mathrm { m g / d L } } )$ and a sample with low value $( 4 . 9 4 ~ \mathrm { { m g / d L } ) }$ to obtain 11 levels with equidistant concentrations and then measuring the Calcium concentration of each of the 11 levels using ECS Calcium Arsenazo reagent. From this study, a measuring range from 5.00 – 15.00 mg/dL has been determined.

# Urine:

The linearity of ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO was studied by mixing a sample with high value ${ 1 8 . 6 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L } } )$ and a sample with low value $\ : 1 . 4 5 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L } \ : )$ to obtain 11 levels with equidistant concentrations and then measuring the Calcium concentration of each of the 11 levels using ECS Calcium Arsenazo reagent. From this study, a measuring range from 1.50 – 18.00 mg/dL has been determined.

Auto-dilution 1 to 5 allows the use of the ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO with analyte activities up to ${ 9 0 . 0 0 } \mathrm { m g } / \mathrm { d L }$ .

# c. Traceability

For calibration, a multi-parametric calibrator, most recently cleared under k132399, named ELITech Clinical Systems ELICAL 2 (manufactured by ELITech Clinical Systems SAS under product code CALI-0580) must be used. Traceability of the assigned value for all constituents in this calibrator, including the calcium value assigned to calibrate ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO, is included in its labeling. Traceability for calcium is to NIST SRM 956c Quality Control Materials.

# d. Stability

On board stability:

This evaluates the period of time during which correct measurements are obtained after installation of a new vial on board.

At least 3 levels of sample (high/medium/low) are tested in duplicate at Day 0 (D0).

At regular intervals, the three (3) concentration levels are analyzed in duplicate, until the deviations from the results at D0 are higher than acceptance criteria or for at least 30 days. During this period, the reagents are stored on the analyzer (vial open).

This study was performed on one (1) lot of ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO reagent on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro M Analyzer. Results indicate the on-board stability of the reagent is 28 days.

# Real-time stability:

The shelf-life of ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO reagent has been followed in real time for 24 months at ${ 2 / 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ on 3 different batches.

# e. Detection limit

Determined according to CLSI protocol EP17-A (Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantification; Approved Guideline).

# Serum

Limit of Detection:

The limit of Detection was obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples prepared from 4 patient samples measured using ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO and diluted with NaCl $0 . 9 \%$ to obtain a concentration of approximately $5 \mathrm { m g } / \mathrm { d L }$ .

The data are not Gaussian, so $\mathsf { L o D } \mathsf { = L o B } + \mathsf { D } _ { \mathsf { S } , \mathsf { \beta } }$ (where $\mathsf { D } _ { \mathsf { S } , \mathsf { \beta } }$ is determined by calculating the median minus the $5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile of the low concentration sample distribution).

Limit of Detection $= 0 . 0 4 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# Limit of Quantification:

The limit of Quantification was obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples prepared from 4 patient samples measured using ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO and diluted with NaCl $0 . 9 \%$ to obtain a concentration of $5 . 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

Acceptance criteria: The acceptable Total Error for the determination Limit of Quantification is $\leq 0 . 3 2 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$ . If the confidence Interval is within the acceptable total error limits, then the Limit of Quantification is acceptable. The value must be equal or higher than the Limit of Detection.

Limit of Quantification $= 5 . 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# Urine

Limit of Detection:

The limit of Detection was obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples prepared from 4 patient samples measured using ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO and diluted with NaCl $0 . 9 \%$ to obtain a concentration of $0 . 4 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

The data are not Gaussian, so $\mathsf { L o D } \mathsf { = L o B } + \mathsf { D } \mathsf { _ { S , \beta } }$ (where $\mathsf { D } _ { \mathsf { S } , \mathsf { \beta } }$ is determined by calculating the median minus the $5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile of the low concentration sample distribution).

Limit of Detection $= 0 . 1 5 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$ .

# Limit of Quantification

The limit of Quantification was obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples prepared from 4 patient samples measured using ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO and diluted with NaCl $0 . 9 \%$ to obtain a concentration of $1 . 5 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

Limit of Quantification $= 1 . 5 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# f. Interference/analytical specificity

# Serum

Interferences due to unconjugated bilirubin, conjugated bilirubin, hemoglobin, triglycerides, magnesium, ascorbic acid, acetylsalicylic acid and acetaminophen were investigated following the recommended sample levels in CLSI EP07-A2 protocol (Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline – Second Edition).

For each potential interferent tested, 2 serum sample pools at two calcium levels close to those specified in Appendix B of EP7-A2 were prepared:

- $\cdot 1 ^ { \mathsf { s t } }$ pool: low concentration at nominal $8 . 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$   
$- 2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ pool: high concentration at nominal $1 2 . 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$   
Aliquots of each of the serum sample pools were spiked with increasing interferent concentration. Test ranges covered at least the interferent level specified in Appendix D of EP7-A2. Thus, there were two series of interferent spike for each potential interferent tested. A control sample was prepared from the sample pool diluted in the appropriate diluent.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of differentconcentrations tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to30.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to29.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to3172 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnesium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to12.2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to30 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr></table>

Two (2) levels of control (Serum control Level 1 (ELITROL I) and Serum control Level 2 (ELITROL II)) were tested to check the calibration.

For both sample pools for each interferent, each point was measured in triplicate per run.

Acceptance criteria: an accepted bias of $\pm 1 0 \%$ in sample pools with low $( 8 . 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ or high ( $1 2 . 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ nominal concentration.

The results of testing interferences are the following:

Concentration up to $3 0 . 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ unconjugated bilirubin, $2 9 . 5 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ conjugated bilirubin, $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ hemoglobin, $1 7 2 6 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$ triglycerides, $1 2 . 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ magnesium, $2 0 . 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ascorbic acid, $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ acetylsalicylic acid and $3 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ acetaminophen do not show any significant interference for each substance.

- In very rare cases, monoclonal gammopathies (multiple myeloma), in particular IgM type (Waldenstrom’s macroglobulinemia) can cause unreliable results.

# The following statement will also be included in the labeling:

Other compounds may interfere. Users should refer to the three following literature references:   
-Young, D. S., Effects of preanalytical variables on clinical laboratory tests, $2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ Ed., AACC Press, (1997).   
-Young, D. S., Effects of drugs on clinical laboratory tests, $4 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ Ed., AACC Press, (1995). -Berth, M. & Delanghe, J. Protein precipitation as a possible important pitfall in the clinical chemistry analysis of blood samples containing monoclonal immunoglobulins: 2 case reports and a review of literature, Acta Clin Belg., (2004), 59, 263.

# Urine

Interferences due to Conjugated bilirubin, Hemoglobin, Ascorbic acid, Urea, Uric Acid, Magnesium, and pH were investigated following the recommended sample levels in CLSI EP07-A2 protocol (Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline – Second Edition).

For each potential interferent tested, 2 urine sample pools at two calcium levels close to those specified in Appendix B of EP7-A2 were prepared:

-1st pool: low concentration at nominal $4 . 0 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$   
$- 2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ pool: high concentration at nominal $1 6 . 0 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$   
Aliquots of each of the serum sample pools were spiked with increasing interferent concentration. Test ranges covered at least the interferent level specified in Appendix D of EP7-A2. Thus, there were two series of interferent spike for each potential interferent tested. A control sample was prepared from the sample pool diluted in the appropriate diluent.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of differentconcentrations tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to29.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to 500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to5000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to100 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnesium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 to12.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr></table>

Two (2) levels of control (Serum control Level 1 (ELITROL I) and Serum control Level 2 (ELITROL II)) were tested to check the calibration.

For both sample pools for each interferent, each point was measured in triplicate per run. Acceptance criteria: an accepted bias of $\pm 1 0 \%$ in sample pools with low $( 4 . 0 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ or high ( ${ 1 6 . 0 0 \ m g / \mathrm { d L } } )$ nominal concentration.

The results of testing interferences are the following:

Concentration up to $2 9 . 5 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ conjugated bilirubin, $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ hemoglobin, 10.0 ${ \sf m g / d L }$ magnesium, $2 0 . 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ascorbic acid, $5 0 0 0 ~ { \mathrm { m g / d L } }$ urea, $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ uric acid, and pH values ranging between 2.5 and 6.0 do not show any significant interference for each substance.

# The following statement will also be included in the labeling:

Other compounds may interfere. Users should refer to the two following literature references:   
-Young, D. S., Effects of preanalytical variables on clinical laboratory tests, $2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ Ed., AACC Press, (1997).   
-Young, D. S., Effects of drugs on clinical laboratory tests, $4 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ Ed., AACC Press, (1995).

# 11. Performance Characteristics – Comparison Studies

# a. Method comparison

# Serum

A correlation study was performed between ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO reagent on a Selectra ProM Analyzer and ABX Pentra Calcium AS CP reagent on a ABX Pentra analyzer according to CLSI EP09-A2 protocol (Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline – Second edition).

This study was performed using 106 serum patient samples from 5.07 to 14.79 mg/dL over a span of 5 days.

Regression analysis of the results yielded the following: $\mathsf { y } = 0 . 9 4 9 \times + 0 . 4 1 \mathrm { m g } / \mathrm { d L }$ .   
$\mathsf { r } = 0 . 9 9 3$   
$\Gamma ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 8 6$   
Standard error of the estimate $\mathbb { S } \mathbb { y } . \mathbb { x } = 0 . 2 9 { \mathrm { m g } } / { \mathrm { d L } } .$ .

# Urine

A correlation study was performed between ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO reagent on a Selectra ProM Analyzer and ABX Pentra Calcium AS CP reagent on a ABX Pentra analyzer according to CLSI EP09-A2 protocol (Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline – Second edition)

This study was performed using 52 urine patient samples from 1.50 to 17.14 mg/dL over a span of 5 days.

Regression analysis of the results yielded the following:   
$\mathsf { y } = 0 . 9 3 6 \times + 0 . 2 0 \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d L }$   
${ \sf r } = 0 . 9 9 5$   
$\mathsf { r } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 0$   
Standard error of the estimate $\mathbb { S } \mathbb { y } . \mathbb { x } = 0 . 3 9 { \mathrm { m g } } / { \mathrm { d L } }$

# b. Evaluation of Accuracy: Matrix Effect

63 paired serum and plasma patient specimens (in lithium heparin samples, ranging from 5.19 to $1 4 . 3 8 \mathrm { \ m g / d L } )$ , were tested on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra ProM Analyzer according to CLSI protocol EP09-A2 (Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline – Second edition).

Regression analysis of the results yielded the following:

$\mathsf { y } = 0 . 9 7 6 \mathsf { x } + 0 . 2 6 \mathsf { m } \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { d L }$   
$\mathsf { r } = 1 . 0 0 0$   
$\mathsf { r } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 3$

Standard error of the estimate $\mathtt { S y . x } = 0 . 1 9 \mathrm { m g / d L }$

# c. Expected values/Reference Range

As indicated in the instructions for use for ELITech Clinical Systems CALCIUM ARSENAZO, each laboratory should establish and maintain its own reference values. The values given are used as guidelines only.

Serum/ Plasma2 : 8.6 - 10.3 mg/dL 2.15 - 2.57 mmol/L

Urine (for a urinary volume of 1.5 L per day) 1 :   
100 – 300 mg/24h   
2.50 – 7.50 mmol/24h

Calcemia is always interpreted according to the plasmatic protein rates.

# These reference values are from:

1 Wu, A.H.B., Tietz Clinical guide to laboratory tests, 4 th Ed., (W.B. Saunders), (2006),   
684.

2 Endres D.B., Rude R.K., Disorders of Bone, Tietz Fundamentals of Clinical Chemistry, 6th ED., Burtis, C.A. & Ashwood, E.R., Bruns.D.E., (Saunders), (2008), 711.

d. Clinical Studies: Not applicable

# e. Clinical Cut-off:

Not applicable

# 12. Conclusion

The information on the principle and performance of our device that is contained in this premarket notification is complete and supports a decision that our device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.