# ACON LABORATORIES, INC. QIYI XIE SR. STAFF REGULATORY AFFAIRS/CLINICAL AFFAIRS 10125 MESA RIM ROAD SAN DIEGO CA 92121

Re: K151595 Trade/Device Name: On Call $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX Dated: June 12, 2015 Received: June 15, 2015

Dear Qiyi Xie:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

0'%123
	4!
 

-! 5!
	! ! $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ #\$

-%&%%'(%
)%	\*%	+
\*, 5
6
!


- !#\$

-%&%%'(%
)%	\*%	+
\*,	
	\*''\*%
'.%\*/!\*	\*!\*	,!
,\*%. %
	.
!\$	!+0%%%'.%,\*.	\*	\$
1.%!,!'\$!,2- !#\$

-%&%%'(%
 )%	\*%	+
\*,	
	\*''.%,\*	\$\$!\*	\*
+!\*!\$%.

	%!
	!\*!.!		\*	
!
!!	'\*% ,%	\*%	\*..\*	

%.'	!\*
%\*%\$%!,
2-
+
\*,
%'%+
'0	\*
	
1!\*%'	
!	 !	'	
2

- !#\$

-%&%%'(%
)%	\*%	+
\*,	
%\*	\*''.%\*'	!%
	
%.%
	.%'	!\*
 ,	\*
1%	\*''.%
%%!\*
23\*!\*	
	\*\*
\*	3-\*
\*	
%'%+'%'	
\*!'+
\*!\* \*	,
0%
	
%\*!	!\$	'+2

- !#\$

-%&%%'(%
-
\*\*	\$
!
'0	\*\* !#\$

-%&%%'(%
)\*	\* /!\*	\*!\*	,!
,\*%.%
	!\$	!+%%'.%,\*.	\*	\$
1.%!,!'\$!,2 - !#\$

-%&%%'(%
%\*%%\*	%	
.%
0	\*\* ! $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ #\$

-%&%%'(%
)\* !'\*	\$
!
!/!	\*+%\*%4\*%	.+\*!!+%.%%'%
\*
\*
\*
2

#  ! " "# -  \$

8
!5
9!
9,

!:!!
6
8!
!;2
!5
5
6
'&&0\$

# %! &"'  -( "!-- ' !!) '\*\$%

8!
4!
!
6
8
599!5
6
6

!!

 !!
/&
8
!
!!.
59
8! !

! !;
5.
!58
!\*

5!.
8!


8!

!!!

59!! 
! !;
8!
599!5
6
6\$
!
5!
!
8
4!
!!

,
8!
!5 6
8
6
599!5.
59
!
6
!5
8
4!.
"

-!!
6
!98


! 5! 

-
 665!
6
8!6
6
665! !;2
!5
5
13
66 -		

!	"
	"#		\$#	 
	#	"	#" 	%&'#
(

# 7. 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2 $ .

The Assigned 510(k) number is K151595

# Submitter’s Identification:

ACON Laboratories, Inc. 10125 Mesa Rim Road San Diego, California 92121 Tel.: 858-875-8019 Fax: 858-875-8011

Date Prepared: August 18, 2015

# Contact Person:

Qiyi Xie Senior Staff, Clinical & Regulatory Affairs Email: qxie@aconlabs.com

# Proprietary Name of the Device:

On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Common Name: Glucose Test System

Classification Name: Class II $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ Glucose Test System

# Predicate Device:

On Call Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
ACON Laboratories Inc   
10125 Mesa Rim Rd,   
San Diego, CA 92121

510(k) Number: K132086

Device Name: On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On Call Express ProBlood GlucoseMonitoring System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System, Test,Blood Glucose,Over The Counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose TestSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On Call Express ProBlood GlucoseMeter and On CallExpress Pro BloodGlucose Test Strips</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Monitor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Meter &amp;Test Strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On Call Express ProGlucose ControlSolution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1660Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single AnalyteControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Solution</td></tr></table>

# Device Description:

The On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System is a quantitative assay for the detection of glucose in capillary whole blood sampled from the fingertip, palm and forearm. The glucose measurement is achieved by using the amperometric detection method.

The test strip has a reagent system including glucose oxidase and a mediator that reacts with glucose in the whole blood sample to produce an electrical current. This current is measured by the meter, and after calculation by the meter, the blood glucose concentration reading is displayed on the meter display, calibrated to a plasma reference.

The On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System contains a blood glucose meter and On Call Express Pro blood glucose test strips. This is a no code meter. The On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Meter, On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose control solutions (Level 0, Level 1 and Level 2), Carrying Case, User’s Manual, Warranty Card and Logbook. Materials needed but not provided are the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Test strips and disposable, single use lancing devices.

Control solution(s) is/are viscosity-adjusted, buffered aqueous control solutions that contain known concentrations of d-glucose. The products are intended for use to verify the performance of the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System

On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System has a data transfer function.

Data Port sends information to a computer via an optional data transfer cable. It allows users to view, analyze and print stored data in the meter. The data transfer cable is available for order as an optional add-on. The meter can transfer stored test results to a Windows-based personal computer (PC) using an optional data transfer cable and the On $\mathrm { C a l l } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Diabetes Management Software (K131469). The software has been validated for use with On Call Express meter (K132086) which is the exact same device as On Call Express Pro meter.

# Intended Use:

The On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertips, forearm and palm. The On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for multiple patient use by health care professionals in health care facilities as an aid to monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control programs. The system should only be used with single-use, auto disabling lancing devices.

The On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, nor intended for use on neonates. Alternative site testing (AST) testing should only be done during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Test Strips are used with the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Meter in the quantitative measurement of glucose in capillary blood from the fingertips, forearm and palm.

The On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Control Solution is for use with the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Meter and Strips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

# Technological Characteristics:

Specification of On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Meter:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to 600 mg/dL (1.1-33.3 mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma-equivalent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh capillary whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum Sample Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One (1) CR 2032 3.0V coin cell battery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000 tests for glucose testing (not considering datatransfer)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Units ofMeasure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The meter is preset to mg/dL when sold in theUnited States.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 300 records with time and date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic Shutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 minutes after last action</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.46&quot; x 1.93&quot; x 0.65&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38&quot; x 1.26&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 50 g (with battery installed)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41-113°F (5-45°C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating RelativeHumidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90% (non-condensing)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-55%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9600 baud, 8 data bits, 1 stop bit, no parity</td></tr></table>

# Special conditions for use statement(s):

• For in vitro diagnostic use only   
• For Multiple Patient Use   
• Not intended for use on neonates   
• Not for diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus   
• Not to be used for patients who are dehydrated, hypotensive, in shock, critically ill or in a hyperosmolar state   
• Meter should be cleaned and disinfected after use on each patient   
• System should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices.

# Special instrument requirements:

The On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Meter

Only single-use auto-disabling lancing devices should be used with the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

# Substantial Equivalence:

Predicate device name: On $\mathrm { C a l l } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Predicate 510(k) numbers: K132086

# Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Call® Express Pro BloodGlucose Monitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Call® Express BloodGlucose Monitoring System(K132086)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The On Call® Express Pro BloodGlucose Monitoring System isintended to be used for thequantitative measurement ofglucose in fresh capillary wholeblood from the fingertips, forearmand palm as an aid to monitoringthe effectiveness of diabetescontrol programs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FAD-Glucose Oxidase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 records with time and date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fingertip, forearm, palm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample test time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30-55%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Altitude Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 8516 feet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Units ofMeasure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41-113°F (5-45°C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating RelativeHumidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Port</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One Serial data port</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic Shutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two minutes after last user action</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One (1) CR 2032 3.0V coin cellbattery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.46" x 1.93" x 0.65"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx. 50 g (with batteryinstalled)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum of 1,000 measurements(without considering data transferand test reminder alarms)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Setting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple patient use by health careprofessionals in health carefacilities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Patient Use at home</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Call® Express Pro Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Call® Express Blood</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Call® Express Pro BloodGlucose Control Solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Call® Express BloodGlucose Control Solution(K132086)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">To check that the glucose meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">and test strips are working togetherproperly</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viscosity-adjusted, aqueous liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 levels (Level 0, Level 1 andLevel 2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Discussions of Non-Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence are as follows:

Guidance documents included the “FDA Guidance for Industry In-Vitro Diagnostic Glucose Test System” and “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.”

# Laboratory Performance Testing:

The performance characteristics of the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System were evaluated by performing the following studies: repeatability precision, intermediate precision, linearity, interfering agents, hematocrit effect, temperature effect evaluation – blood & control solution, low battery effect, altitude effect, sample volume, humidity effect, simulated shipping study – test strip & control solution, control value assignment, meter testing, software validation testing, electromagnetic compatibility and electrical safety testing as part of meter and strip validation testing.

# a. Precision/Reproducibility

Within-run (Repeatability):

Venous blood was adjusted with glucose to five glucose levels (30-50, 51-110, 111-150, 151- $2 5 0 , 2 5 1 { \cdot } 4 0 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ across the claimed range and tested on three lots of test strips on 10 meters (10 strips per meter). Ten replicates were tested per meter, test strip lot and glucose concentration (300 measurements per glucose level). Results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseLevel(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StripLot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>30-50</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>51-110</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>111-150</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>151-250</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>251-400</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr></table>

Intermediate Precision:

Intermediate precision was evaluated using three lots of test strips and ten meters. Glucose control solutions in three concentration ranges were used (Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 or 50, 120, and $3 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { m g / d L } }$ ). For each test strip lot, each control solution was measured once per day on 10 meters in replicates of 10, with three test strip lots for 10 days, so that 100 individual measurements were generated (300 measurements per glucose level). Results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Level(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level 130 -50</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Level 296 -144</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Level 3280-420</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>332.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>332.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>331.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr></table>

# b) Linearity/assay reportable range:

Linearity was evaluated using 3 lots of test strips, 2 meters, and 11 venous whole blood samples with glucose levels ranging from $2 0 { \mathrm { - } } 6 0 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ (13.4, 22.0, 46.9, 83.0, 107.9, 179.0, 219.6, 328.6, 451.5, 575.5, $6 3 7 . 8 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ), obtained by spiking pooled venous blood with a glucose solution. Each glucose level was tested with 4 test strips over 3 test strip lots. Linear regression analysis for each test strip lot compared to the YSI resulted in:

$\mathrm { y } = 0 . 9 8 7 1 \mathrm { x } + 0 . 1 9 1 0$ ; $\mathrm { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 9 1$ for Test Strip Lot 1   
$\mathrm { y } = 0 . 9 7 5 5 \mathrm { x } - 0 . 5 5 1 2$ ; $\mathrm { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 9 3$ for Test Strip Lot 2   
$\mathrm { y } = 0 . 9 6 8 5 \mathrm { x } + 1 . 6 0 9 8 ; \mathrm { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 9$ for Test Strip Lot 3

The measurement range of the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System is 20 - $6 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# c. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods):

The On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System is traceable to the NIST SRM 917b reference material. The method comparison study was performed using the candidate device and YSI as the reference method.

Value assignment:

The value assignment of the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose control solutions were determined by an in-house procedure. The 3 levels of control solutions (Levels 0, 1 and 2) are prepared by gravimetric addition of glucose to achieve target glucose values and are were confirmed by the YSI method. Verification of the control solutions are tested with 240 test strips and 2 On Call Express Pro meters with each level and the values were within the target ranges.

Stability:

Accelerated and Real time stability studies were conducted to assess the shelf-life and open vial stability of the control solutions and test strips with on-going real-time stability study. Unopened control solutions have a 24 month shelf life and are stable for 6 months after first opening when stored at $4 1 { - } 8 6 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { F }$ $( 5 . 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ) and $10 - 9 0 \%$ relative humidity. The test strips should be stored at $4 1 { - } 8 6 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { F }$ $5 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ and $10 \mathrm { - } 9 0 \%$ relative humidity and are stable for 6 months after first opening when stored at 41- ${ } ^ { - 8 6 } { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { F }$ $( 5 \mathrm { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ and $10 { - } 9 0 \%$ relative humidity.

# d. Detection limit:

The reportable range is 20 to $6 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ based on linearity studies.

# e. Analytical specificity:

To assess potential interference, the sponsor used venous whole blood samples adjusted to three glucose concentration intervals of $5 0 { - } 6 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , $1 0 0 - 1 2 0 ~ \mathrm { { m g / d L } }$ and $3 0 0 { - } 3 5 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . Each of these samples was divided into a test pool and a control pool and each of the potential endogenous and exogenous interfering substances was added to the test pool. Each substance was tested at a minimum of two concentrations, normal/therapeutic and high/toxic concentrations. The $\%$ difference between the test sample and the control sample was calculated. The sponsor defines no significant interference as $\leq \pm 1 0 ~ \%$ difference relative to the control sample. Results are presented in the table below:

The labeling states the following: Interference might occur when the values of the limiting concentrations of these compounds are greater than those listed below:

Ascorbic acid $> 3 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Acetaminophen $> 2 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Bilirubin $> 5 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Uric Acid $> 2 3 . 5 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential InterferingSubstances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration atwhich no significantinterference isobserved (mg/dL)(typical conc)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated-Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fructose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentisic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glutathione</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Dopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maltose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mannitol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sorbitol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tolazamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tolbutamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xylose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr></table>

# Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed:

Clinical studies were conducted with lay persons and trained laboratory technicians using the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The study data were presented evaluating the system accuracy of the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System compared to the YSI Model 2300 STAT PLUS (K913806) per the ACON Clinical Study Protocol for the Blood Glucose Monitoring System. In addition, the participating lay persons were questioned and responded as satisfied with the ease of operation by following the Instructions for Use in the User’s Manual and the overall performance of the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

# Method comparison with predicate device:

The sponsor performed method comparison study to assess the performance of the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System. Healthcare professionals tested 103 natural capillary blood samples collected from fingertips, forearms and palms and 8 altered samples (glycolyzed or spiked) ranging in glucose concentration from 40.9 to $5 7 4 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for fingertip and 50.4 to $4 9 8 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for palm and forearm, using 36 meters and 3 lots of test strips. Reference values were obtained on an YSI 2300 STAT PLUS analyzer. Results relative to YSI are summarized in the tables below:

# Fingertip:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Linear Regression: On Call Express Pro vs. YSI Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.9486x + 5.3824</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9873</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.9487x + 5.1409</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9862</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.9441x + 5.7476</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9873</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td></tr></table>

# Forearm:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Linear Regression: On Call Express Pro vs. YSI Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.9918x + 5.433</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9766</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.9863 + 5.4172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9802</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y= 0.9835 + 7.5921</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9822</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr></table>

Palm:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Linear Regression: On Call Express Pro vs. YSI Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^22}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.003x + 5.0984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9761</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.0096x + 3.4377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9828</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.0035x + 4.6809</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9793</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr></table>

# Fingertip:

Glucose $< 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/15 (73.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/15 (66.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/15 (73.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15 (100%)</td></tr></table>

Glucose > 75 mg/dL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within + 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within + 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52/96 (54.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85/96 (88.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95/96 (99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/96 (58.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86/96 (89.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54/96 (56.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86/96 (89.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# Forearm:

Glucose $< 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

$\mathrm { G l u c o s e } \geq 7 5 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/10 (50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/10 (70%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/10 (70%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within +10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within + 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/93 (48.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71/93 (76.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91/93 (97.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/93 (43.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71/93 (76.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/93 (96.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41/93 (44.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68/93 (73.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# Palm:

Glucose $< 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within +10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/10 (60%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/10 (80%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/10 (80%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { G l u c o s e } \geq 7 5 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within + 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within +10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within + 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/93 (45.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72/93 (77.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91/93 (97.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/93 (41.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73/93 (78.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/93 (38.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72/93 (77.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92/93 (98.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# User Performance Study:

User performance study was performed to compare the lay user self-test results and the YSI method. Study was performed at one clinical site with 103 study subjects. The study participants were provided with the User’s Manual in English, and performed fingerstick tests, forearm tests and palm tests on their own. A technician collected capillary blood from each participant for measurement on YSI. The range of glucose values was 50.4 to $4 9 8 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ as measured by YSI. Three test strip lots were tested in the study. The results relative to YSI are summarized in the tables below:

Fingertip:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Linear Regression: On Call Express Pro vs. YSI Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.9762x + 1.8373</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9798</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.9599x + 4.1229</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9804</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y = 0.9627x + 5.0504</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9835</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr></table>

# Forearm:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Linear Regression: On Call Express Pro vs. YSI Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{22}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.9705x + 8.0497</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9788</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.9655x + 9.5634</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9763</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y= 0.9775x + 10.643</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9815</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr></table>

Palm:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Linear Regression: On Call Express Pro vs. YSI Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^22}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.008x + 4.413</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9837</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.0143x + 2.9536</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9825</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.9778x + 9.6711</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9801</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr></table>

# Fingertip:

Glucose $< 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/10 (70.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/10 (90%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { G l u c o s e } \geq 7 5 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within + 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within + 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/93 (60.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86/93 (92.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43/93 (46.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82/93 (88.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52/93 (55.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83/93 (89.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# Forearm:

Glucose $< 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

$\mathrm { G l u c o s e } \geq 7 5 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/10 (50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/10 (90%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/10 (50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/10 (70%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/93 (50.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74/93 (79.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/93 (96.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/93 (37.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68/93 (73.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/93 (96.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/93 (38.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67/93 (72%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/93 (96.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# Palm:

Glucose $< 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/10 (60%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/10 (60%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/10 (90%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/10 (50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { G l u c o s e } > 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/93 (45.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66/93 (71.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43/93 (46.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74/93 (79.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/93 (32.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71/93 (76.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The laboratory testing and clinical study results demonstrate that the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System is safe, effective and easy-to-use. It also demonstrates that the On Call Express Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System meets the accuracy requirements and as such is substantially equivalent to the On Call Express Blood Glucose Monitoring System, currently sold on the U.S. market (K132086).