SENDX MEDICAL INC   
SOREN BOGESTRAND   
SENIOR REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST   
AKANDEVEJ 21   
BRONSHOJ 2700, DENMARK

Re: K151639 Trade/Device Name: ABL80 FLEX ABL80 FLEX CO-OX Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CGA Dated: November 04, 2015 Received: November 06, 2015

Dear Soren Bogestrand:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K151639

Device Name ABL80 FLEX ABL80 FLEX CO-OX

Indications for Use (Describe)

The ABL80 FLEX analyzer is a portable, automated analyzer that measures glucose, in whole blood. The ABL80 FLEX analyzer system is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient or point-of-care setting.   
For in vitro diagnostic use. The ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzer is a portable, automated analyzer that measures glucose, in whole blood. The ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzer system is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient or point-of-care setting.   
For in vitro diagnostic use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# 1. Submitter and contact information Submitter

Company Name: ER Number: Address:

SenDx Medical Inc   
2027541   
1945 Palomar Oaks Way   
Carlsbad, CA 92011   
USA   
760 930 6300   
760 930 6310

Phone: Fax:

# Contact Person

Name: Function: E-mail: Phone: Fax:

Vibeke Agerlin, Director of QA/RA   
Director of QA/RA   
vagerlin@sendx.com   
760 930 6300   
760 930 6310

Date prepared Date:

December 4, 2015

# 2. a. Device Information

Device Name: ABL80 FLEX and ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzer Common Name: Blood gases, Cooximetry, and Metabolite analyzer

Classification:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose oxidase, Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA</td></tr></table>

# 2. b. Device Description

# Instrument name, manufacturer, models and accessories

The names of the device are the ABL80 FLEX or ABL80 FLEX CO-OX. The device is manufactured by SenDx Medical Inc, Carlsbad, CA, USA. Radiometer Medical ApS, Brønshøj, Denmark is the legal manufacturer of the device as specified in the labelling.

The ABL80 FLEX and ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzers are portable, automated systems intended for in vitro testing of samples of whole blood for the parameters pH, pO2, pCO2, potassium, sodium, calcium, chloride, glucose, hematocrit (ABL80 FLEX analyzer only) and the oximetry parameters (ABL80 FLEX CO-OX only) total hemoglobin, oxygen saturation, FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb, and FHHb.

The ABL80 FLEX and ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzers each exist in two different software configurations differing in the number of parameters available.

The ABL80 FLEX and ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzers consist of an instrument with a sensor cassette and a solution pack as the main accessories. Multiple models of sensor cassettes are available. The various sensor cassette models include models for different parameter combinations. For each parameter combination, models allowing for different test loads are available. The solution pack is available in four models, one model for each of the four different configurations of the analyzer.

# 2. c. Purpose of submission

The purpose of this submission is twofold:

Automated handling by the software of certain glucose results depending on the ${ \mathsf { p O } } _ { 2 }$ value in the sample. To merge the Intended Uses for the analyzers into one common Intended Use statement.

# 3. Intended Use/Indications for use

The ABL80 FLEX analyzer is a portable, automated analyzer that measures glucose, in whole blood. The ABL80 FLEX analyzer system is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient or point-of-care setting.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

The ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzer is a portable, automated analyzer that measures glucose, in whole blood. The ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzer system is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient or point-of-care setting.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

# 4. Predicate device: ABL800 FLEX analyzer (K043218) Substantial Equivalence

The modified ABL80 FLEX and ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzers are substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, features, and characteristics to the predicate with regards to glucose measurements:

Predicate device: 510(k) Number, Name, Device Manufacturer: K043218, ABL800 FLEX, Radiometer Medical ApS

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Issue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (K043218)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometric</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-point liquid calibration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ABL80 FLEX and ABL80 FLEXCO-OX analyzers are portable,automated analyzers thatmeasure glucose in whole blood.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same, plus the following parameters:pH, pO2, pCO2, potassium, sodium,calcium, chloride, glucose, lactate,total bilirubin, and co-oximetryparameters (total hemoglobin,oxygen saturation, and thehemoglobin fractions FO2Hb, FCOHb,FMetHb, FHHb and FHbF)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose measuringrange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36-180 mg/dL (pO2 between 20 -40 mmHg);36-270 mg/dL (p02 ≥ 41 mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36-270 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Issue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (K043218)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laboratory and point-of-care.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laboratory.</td></tr></table>

# 5. Performance Characteristics

# Glucose pO2 dependence

A study has been conducted according to CLSI guideline “Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline – Second Edition”, EP07-A2 to characterize the impact of, or interference from, limitations on the amounts of oxygen in the sample.

The test results support the glucose linearity ranges shown below and documented in the labeling:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Glucose linearity versus pO2 level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2 (mmHg)range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cGlu mg/dL(mmol/L)linearityrange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 - 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 -1802-10)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36-270 (2-15)</td></tr></table>

Software validation has been conducted and documented for the ABL80 FLEX and ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzers to automatically handle certain glucose results depending on the ${ \mathsf { p O } } _ { 2 }$ value in the sample. This will allow to incorporate limitations of reporting glucose results when the ${ \mathsf { p O } } _ { 2 }$ value of the sample is low.

# 6. Conclusion

Based on the substantial equivalence comparison and the results of the conducted performance evaluations it has been concluded that the modified ABL80 FLEX and ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzers are as safe and effective as the predicate device.