SIEMENS HEALTHCARE DIAGNOSTICS, INC.  
LAURA DUGGAN, REGULATORY TECHNICAL SPECIALIST500 GBC DRIVE, M/S 514  
PO BOX 6101  
NEWARK DE 19714-6101

Re: K151767 Trade/Device Name: Trinidad CH System; TD-LYTE Integrated Multisensor (Na, K, Cl); TD-LYTE IMT Standard A; TD-LYTE IMT Standard B + Salt Bridge; Trinidad CH Albumin BCP Reagent (Alb_P); Trinidad CH Albumin BCP Calibrator. Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1665 Regulation Name: Sodium test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JGS, CEM, CGZ, CJW, JIX, JIT, JJE Dated: November 9, 2015 Received: November 10, 2015

Dear Laura Duggan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name   
Trinidad CH System; TD-LYTE Integrated Multisensor (Na, K, Cl); TD-LYTE IMT Standard A; TD-LYTE ,07Standard B + Salt   
Bridge Trinidad CH Albumin BCP Reagent (Alb_P); Trinidad CH Albumin BCP Calibrator Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Trinidad CH System is an automated, clinical chemistry analyzer designed to perform in vitro diagnostic tests on clinical specimens. The system’s chemical and immunochemical assay applications utilize photometric and ion selective electrode technology for clinical use.

The TD-LYTE Integrated Multisensor1D.&O is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of sodium, potassium and chloride (Na, K, Cl) in human serum, plasma and urine using the Trinidad CH System. Measurements of sodium obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism (excessive secretion of the hormone aldosterone), diabetes insipidus (chronic excretion of large amounts of dilute urine, accompanied by extreme thirst), adrenal hypertension, Addison’s disease (caused by destruction of the adrenal glands), dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance. Measurements of potassium obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels. Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

The TD-LYTE IMT Standard A is intended for the calibration of Na, K, and Cl on the Trinidad CH System.

The TD-LYTE IMT Standard B + Salt Bridge is intended for the calibration of Na, K, and Cl on the Trinidad CH System.

The Albumin BCP Reagent (Alb_P) is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative measurement of albumin in human serum or plasma on the Trinidad CH System. Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous diseases primarily involving the liver or kidneys.

The Albumin BCP calibrator is for in vitro diagnostic use in the calibration of the Trinidad CH Albumin BCP Assay (AOE_P) on the Trinidad CH System.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

The assigned 510(k) number is: k151767

APPLICANT AND DATE

December 7, 2015

MANUFACTURER

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Ave   
Tarrytown, NY 10591   
Registration Number: 2432235

510(k) Summary

Photometric Chemistry Analyzer Sodium Test System Chloride Test System Potassium Test System Albumin Test System Calibrator

# REGULATORY INFORMATION

Discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use (Class I)   
Classification Name: Analyzer, Chemistry (Photometric, Discrete), For Clinical   
Use   
Regulation Section: 21CFR862.2160   
Classification: Class I   
Product Code: JJE   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry

Sodium, potassium, chloride and Albumin test systems and the associated calibrators (Class II)

Electrode, Ion Specific, Sodium   
21CFR862.1665, Sodium Test System   
Class II   
JGS   
Clinical Chemistry

Classification Name: Regulation Section: Classification: Product Code: Panel:

Electrode, Ion Specific, Chloride   
21CFR862.1170, Chloride Test System   
Class II   
CGZ   
Clinical Chemistry

Classification Name: Regulation Section: Classification: Product Code: Panel:

Electrode, Ion Specific, Potassium   
21CFR862.1600   
Class II   
CEM   
Clinical Chemistry

Classification Name: Regulation Section: Classification: Product Code: Panel:

Calibrator, Multi-Analyte Mixture   
21 CFR 862.1150   
Class II   
JIX   
Clinical Chemistry

510(k) Summary

Classification Name: Regulation Section: Classification: Product Code: Panel:

Bromocresol Purple Dye-Binding, Albumin   
21CFR862.1035, Albumin Test system   
Class II   
CJW   
Clinical Chemistry

Classification Name: Regulation Section: Classification: Product Code: Panel:

Calibrator   
21CFR862.1150, Calibrator   
Class II   
JIT   
Clinical Chemistry

The following table describes the predicate devices, device classifications, regulations and product codes associated with this pre-market notification:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceClass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trinidad CHSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Siemens ADVIA®1800 Chemistry*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K990346</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.2160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TD-LYTEIntegratedMultisensor (Na,K, CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA® Sodium(Na)ADVIA® Potassium(K)ADVIA® Chloride(CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K990346</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Na)862.1665(K)862.1600(Cl) 862.1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGSCEMCGZ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TD-LYTE IMTStandard A &amp; TD-LYTE IMTStandard B + SaltBridge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA® ChemistryISE Serum StandardADVIA® ChemistryISE Urine Standard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K990346</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trinidad CHAlbumin BCPReagent (AlbP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA® ChemistryAlbumin BCP Assay(ALBP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K132664</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CJW</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trinidad CHAlbumin BCPCalibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA® ChemistryAlbumin BCPCalibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K132664</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIT</td></tr></table>

\*The ADVIA 1800 is a family member of the ADVIA 1650 cleared under K990346.

The Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Trinidad CH System is a floor model, fully automated, microprocessor-controlled, integrated instrument system that uses prepackaged reagent packs to measure a variety of analytes in human body fluids. The system is a multi-functional analytical tool that processes chemical and immunochemical methodologies, utilizing photometric and integrated ion selective multisensor detection technologies for clinical use. The system includes the analytical module and the sample handler (Direct Load, DL).

# TD-LYTE INTEGRATED MULTISENSOR (NA, K, CL)

Na, K, Cl uses indirect Integrated Multisensor Technology (IMT). There are four electrodes used to measure electrolytes. Three of these electrodes are ion selective for sodium, potassium and chloride. A reference electrode is also incorporated in the multisensor.

A diluted sample (1:10 with IMT Diluent) is positioned in the sensor and ${ \mathsf { N a } } ^ { + }$ , $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ or Clions establish equilibrium with the electrode surface. A potential is generated proportional to the logarithm of the analyte activity in the sample. The electrical potential generated on a sample is compared to the electrical potential generated on a standard solution, and the concentration of the desired ions is calculated by use of the Nernst equation.

Serum, plasma and urine specimens may be used. The sensor is stored unopened at 2 $- 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ and is stable for use on board for 14 days or 5000 samples.

The Trinidad CH System TD-LYTE Integrated Multisensor system performs a two point automatic calibration in duplicate every 4 hours. In addition, the system will routinely perform a one point calibration check with each sample measurement. Auto-calibration occurs after power-on, with the changing of standards A, B, or a sensor and when the system software is reset.

The target concentrations of the TD-LYTE IMT Standard A include: ${ \mathsf { N a } } ^ { + }$ at 14 mmol/L, $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ at 0.4 mmol/L and Cl- at $1 0 . 4 ~ \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ . The target concentrations of the TD-LYTE Standard B include: ${ \mathsf { N a } } ^ { + }$ at 7 mmol/L, $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ at 6 mmol/L and Cl- at 16 mmol/L. The target concentrations of the Salt Bridge include: $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ at $1 2 0 . 0 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ and Cl- at $1 2 0 . 3 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ .

The Trinidad CH System Albumin BCP Reagent (Alb_P) assay is an adaptation of the bromocresol purple (BCP) dye-binding method reported by Carter and Louderback, et al. In the Trinidad CH System , the Alb_P assay, serum or plasma albumin quantitatively binds to BCP to form an albumin-BCP complex that is measured as an endpoint reaction at 596/694 nm.

Alb_P is calibrated with Trinidad CH Diluent(11099300) and ALBP Calibrator (1 level). It is a 2-point linear curve.

Serum and plasma specimen types may be used. The reagent is stored at $2 - 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and each well is stable on the sytem for 20 days.

# ALBUMIN BCP CALIBRATOR

The Albumin BCP (Alb_P) calibrator is a lyophilized human serum-based product containing albumin. It is used to calibrate the Albumin BCP (Alb_P) assay on the Trinidad CH System.

The target concentration of the albumin is $4 . 3 \ : \mathfrak { g } / \mathfrak { d L }$ .

The Intended uses for the system and representative assays are described below.

# TRINIDAD CLINICAL CHEMISTRY (CH) SYSTEM

The Trinidad CH System is an automated, clinical chemistry analyzer designed to perform in vitro diagnostic tests on clinical specimens. The system’s chemical and immunochemical assay applications utilize photometric and ion selective electrode technology for clinical use.

# TD-LYTE INTEGRATED MULTISENSOR (NA, K, CL)

For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of sodium, potassium and chloride (Na, K, Cl) in human serum, plasma and urine using the Trinidad CH System. Measurements of sodium obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism (excessive secretion of the hormone aldosterone), diabetes insipidus (chronic excretion of large amounts of dilute urine, accompanied by extreme thirst), adrenal hypertension, Addison’s disease (caused by destruction of the adrenal glands), dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance. Measurements of potassium obtained by this device are

510(k) Summary

used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels. Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

# TD-LYTE IMT STANDARD A & TD-LYTE IMT STANDARD B $^ +$ SALT BRIDGE

The TD-LYTE IMT Standard A is intended for the calibration of Na, K, and Cl on the Trinidad CH System.

The TD-LYTE IMT Standard $\textsf { B } +$ Salt Bridge is intended for the calibration of Na, K, and Cl on the Trinidad CH System.

# ALBUMIN BCP REAGENT

The Albumin BCP Reagent (Alb_P) is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative measurement of albumin in human serum or plasma on the Trinidad CH System. Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous diseases primarily involving the liver or kidneys.

# ALBUMIN BCP CALIBRATOR

The Albumin BCP calibrator is for in vitro diagnostic use in the calibration of the Trinidad CH Albumin BCP Assay (ALB_P) on the Trinidad CH System.

See Intended Use above.

SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION

Both the Trinidad CH system and the predicate ADVIA 1800 Chemistry system employ prepackaged reagents in plastic, Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics reagent packs. Both systems automatically process and analyze clinical samples using a variety of in vitro diagnostic test assays. Both systems utilize indirect potentiometric technology for analysis of sodium, potassium and chloride electrolytes. A comparison of the important similarities and differences of these two automated analyzer systems is provided in the following table:

Technological and Features Comparison of Trinidad CH System vs. ADVIA 1800 Chemistry System

510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:ADVIA 1800 ChemistrySystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device:Trinidad CH System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Fundamental</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Random continuous access,batch, discrete processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Types of Measurements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrolyte, Photometricand Turbidimetric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrolyte, Photometric</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oil bath and cuvette opticalpath length (10 mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Water bath and cuvetteoptical path length(7 mm)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput Rate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1800 tests/hour, 1200tests/hour colorimetric, 600tests/hour ISE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Capacity On-board</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56 slots including 3 ISE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 70 slots including 3IIISE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Sample Handling</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Containers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tubes - 5 mL, 7 mL, 10 mLCups - 2 mL sample cups</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood, serum,plasma, CSF or urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Tray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84 samples, positive sampleidentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samples identified anddelivered by Direct Load-60 positions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bar Codes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interleaved 2 of 5, code 39,code128, Codabar (NW7)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same with addition ofreagent pack data matrix 2D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dedicated STATPositions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84 positions/ Universal RackHandler available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All samples can be Statprocessed.(Not dedicated)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Universal Rack Handler(URH) Option</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-position rack handler, 425totalcapacity, continuous feed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samples delivered byDirect load</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Auto-repeat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic repeat testingfrom the retained pre-dilutedsample or original sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic repeat testingfrom the retained pre-dilutedsample.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Auto-dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic dilution fromretained pre-diluted sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Auto-reflex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ability to perform 3 additionaltests based on results of firsttest</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not available.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid Level Sensing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capacitance technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic Sample Pre-dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All samples diluted 1:5(differentdilutions possible)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Original sample volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 to 30 µL; system uses anaverage of 2-3 µL per test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 to 50 µL; system uses anaverage of 2-3 µL per test.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample probes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary probe picks upsample from primary tube orcup, dispenses todilution tray;secondary probedispenses saline into trayto dilute sample - onlyprimary probe has clotdetect, crash protect &amp; liquidsurface verification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilution probe picks upprimary sample from primarytube or cup, and dispensesto dilution tray with saline todilute sample.A secondary probe(Sample Probe) transfers analiquot of diluted sample toreaction cuvette.All probes have liquidsurface verification.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pre-diluted Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Retained until results areavailable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reaction Area</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reaction Tray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">221 reusable plastic cuvettes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cuvette Optical Path Length</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reaction Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80-300 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80-240 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reaction Bath</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inert fluorocarbon oilcirculation system, 37°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Water bath, 37°</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 fixed wavelengths (12utilized</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 fixed wavelengths</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Turbidimetric Measurements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Made with photometer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light Source</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">12V, 50W halogen lamp,cooled by forced watercirculation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 V, 50 W Halogen lamp /cooled by lamp coolantadditive and one LED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assays</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Endpoint, rate reaction, 2-point rate.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endpoint, rate reaction, 2-point rate, sample blankcorrection</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reaction Times</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3, 4, 5, 10, 15 and 21 minutes3 to 10 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGentaelowtes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Reagent Handling</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Tray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 refrigerated reagent trays,56 positions each; 4 of thesepositions may be occupiedby wash solutions and/ordiluents</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2 refrigerated reagent trays;70 positions R170 Positions R2Up to 4 of the positions ofR2 may be occupied bywash solutions and/ordiluents.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent cooling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-14°C</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4-12°C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Container</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20, 40, 70 mL wedges</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Approximate maximumwedge size of 50 mL. Packshave two wells with 1 or 2wells filled (depending onassay)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Capacity On- board</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d 52 assay Reagents</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Up to 70 Reagentsand 3 ISE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dispensing System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 probes with liquid levelsensing</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Dispense volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-100 µl per test</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent InventoryManagement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tracks tests remaining, lotnumber, on-board stabilityand expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Dilutions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capability to diluteconcentrated reagents on-board</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Electrolyte Measurement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ion Selective Electrode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISE Internal Standard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Standard</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22 µL total for all three tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 µL for all three tests</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput Rate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600 tests/hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Calibration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Frequency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 60 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 60 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Auto-Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User-defined time intervalor with new reagent cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User-defined time interval orwith new reagent cartridge</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration/Control Tray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61 refrigerated positions forcalibrators, controls anddiluents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators and controlsdelivered by Direct Load /manual input.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Specifications</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Requirements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200/220/230 V +/-10%, 30A, 50/60 Hz, 3 KVA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200-240 VAC +/-10%, 8Amp, 50/60 Hz, 3.2 KVA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Water Requirements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct plumb - Deionizedwater Type I at the sourceType II at the system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct plumb - Lab GradeType 1 only</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Water Consumption</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">30 liters per hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33 liters per hour (maximum)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">113.3 (h) x 148.0 (w) x 87.7(d) cm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Module:1363.5 (h) x 1452.5 (w) x1183.3 (d) mmDirect Load:1365 (h) x 425.3 (w) x 1150(d) mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1,323 lbs. (540 kg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CC Module:962 lbs. (437 kg)Direct Load331 lbs. (150 kg)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Electrical Compliance</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">UL, cUL, CE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Computers/OS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CPU</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Single Intel ProcessorrunningWindows XP Pro</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Intel processor using Windows7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display/Monitor</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">19" display (Touch screenis optional</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">22" display with touch screen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GUI Application</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">User interface unique toADVIA Chemistry systems</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Universal InstrumentWorkstation, which will becommon to new Siemens IVDsystems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result DatabaseCapacity</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">7 days of resultsmaintained in a flat filesystem</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Stores up to 1MM results.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-Line Help</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Separate for Systemapplicationand ADVIA QC</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Not available at this time</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADVIA QC V3.2xapplicationprovides stored controlresults, Levy-Jenningsplotting, and statistics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIS Interfaces</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIS ASTM standards1394/1381,and J-ASTM, LIS HL7standards</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not available at this time</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAS Interfaces</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Siemens URAP LASInterface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Utilize pick and place samplingrather than point in space</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-Time Solutions(RTS) support</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interface to RTS viaLabCom protocol and RTSvia i2i protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not available at this time</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External printers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parallel port and USBinterfaced printers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not available at this time</td></tr></table>

Below is a features comparison for the Trinidad CH system assays vs. their predicates:

510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:ADVIA 1800 ChemistrySystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device:Trinidad CH System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use :Na, K, Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use inthe quantitative determinationof sodium in human serum,plasma (lithium heparin), andurine on the ADVIAChemistry systems.For in vitro diagnostic use inthe quantitative determinationof potassium in humanserum, plasma (lithiumheparin), and urine on theADVIA Chemistry systems.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic usein the quantitativedetermination of sodium,potassium and chloride(Na, K, CI)in human serum, plasmaand urine using theTrinidad CH System.</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin BCP the quantitative measurement of albumin in human serum or plasma on ADVIA® Chemistry systems.</td><td>For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of chloride in human serum, plasma, and urine on the ADVIA Chemistry systems. For in vitro diagnostic use in</td><td>For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative measurement of albumin in human serum or plasma on Trinidad CH</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use: Na, K, CI metabolic alkalosis, diarrhea, severe vomiting, diuretic administration, diabetic</td><td>Sodium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of gross changes in water and salt balance, aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, diabetic acidosis, severe diarrhea, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance. Potassium measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of primary aldosteronism,</td><td>System. Measurements of sodium obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism (excessive secretion of the hormone aldosterone), diabetes insipidus (chronic excretion of large amounts of dilute urine, accompanied by extreme thirst), adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease (caused by destruction of the adrenal glands), dehydration, inappropriate</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td>Albumin BCP Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis and</td><td>chloride during the correction of hypokalemic alkalosis and also during severe, prolonged vomiting, which can lower the serum chloride level.</td><td>by low or high blood potassium levels. Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis. Albumin measurements</td></tr><tr><td>Device Technology: Na, K, Cl</td><td>treatment of numerous diseases primarily involving the liver or kidneys. Indirect potentiometric</td><td>are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous diseases primarily involving the liver or kidneys. Indirect potentiometric</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin BCP</td><td>measurements with ion selective electrodes bromocresol purple (BCP)</td><td>measurements with Integrated Multisensor Technology (IMT) Same</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Type: Na, K, Cl Albumin BCP</td><td>dye-binding method Serum/plasma/urine Serum/plasma</td><td>Same Same</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Measuring Interval: Na, K, Cl CI: 15 - 400 mmol/L</td><td>Serum/Plasma Na: 100 - 200 mmol/L K: 1.0 - 10.0 mmol/L Cl: 15 - 200 mmol/L Urine Na: 10 - 400 mmol/L K: 3.0 - 300 mmol/L</td><td>Serum/Plasma Na: 50.0 to 200 mmol/L K: 1.0 to 10.0 mmol/L Cl: 50.0 to 200 mmol/L Urine Na: 10 to 300 mmol/L K: 2 to 300 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Reference Interval: Na, K, Cl</td><td>Serum/Plasma Na: 132 - 146 mmol/L K (Serum): 3.5 - 5.5 mmol/L K (Plasma/males): 3.5 - 4.5 mmol/L K (Plasma/females): 3.4 - 4.4 mmol/L Cl: 99 - 109 mmol/L</td><td>Serum/Plasma Na: 136-145 mmol/L K (serum): 3.55.1 mmol/L K (plasma): 3.4-4.5 mmol/L CI: 98-107 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Urine Na: 40 - 220 mmol/day K: 25 - 125 mmol/day Cl: 110 - 250 mmol/day</td><td>Urine Same</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin BCP Interferences: Na, K, Cl</td><td>ALBP: 3.4-5.0 g/dL Na: Bilirubin (Conjugated) -</td><td>Alb_P Same Na: Bilirubin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>25 mg/dL Bilirubin (Unconjugated) - 25 mg/dL Lipemia - 500 mg/dL</td><td>(Conjugated) - 60 mg/dL Bilirubin (Unconjugated) - 60 mg/dL Lipemia (Intralipid®) </td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Hemoglobin - 500 mg/dL</td><td>3000 mg/dL Hemoglobin - 750 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>K:Bilirubin (Conjugated) - 25 mg/dL</td><td>K: Bilirubin (Conjugated) 60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bilirubin (Unconjugated) - 25</td><td>Bilirubin (Unconjugated) -</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>mg/dL</td><td>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Lipemia - 500 mg/dL</td><td>Lipemia (Intralipid®) -</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>3000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Cl:Bilirubin (Conjugated) - 25 mg/dL</td><td>Cl: Bilirubin (Conjugated) - 60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bilirubin (Unconjugated) - 25 mg/dL</td><td>Bilirubin (Unconjugated) - 60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Lipemia - 500 mg/dL</td><td>Lipemia (Intralipid®) -</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Hemoglobin - 500 mg/dL</td><td>3000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Hemoglobin - 750 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Albumin BCP</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>ALBP: Bilirubin (Conjugated)</td><td>Alb_P Bilirubin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Standardization: Na, K, Cl</td><td>Bilirubin (Unconjugated) - 60 mg/dL Lipemia - 500 mg/dL Hemoglobin - 500 mg/dL</td><td>Bilirubin (Unconjugated) - 30 mg/dL Lipemia - 500 mg/dL Hemoglobin - 600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>NA: Flame photometric method with NIST reference standards K: Flame photometric method with NIST reference serum Cl: Coulometric method with NIST standards</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin BCP</td><td>ALBP: ERM-DA470k Reference Material</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Calibration Frequency: Na, K, Cl</td><td>Daily</td><td>Every 4 hours</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin BCP Calibrators:</td><td>Every 60 days</td><td>Every 30 days TD-LYTE IMT Standard A</td></tr><tr><td>Na, K, Cl</td><td>ADVIA Chemistry ISE Serum Standard &amp; ADVIA Chemistry ISE Urine Standard Set</td><td>and TD-LYTE IMT Standard B + Salt Bridge</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin BCP Calibrator Matrix: Na, K, Cl</td><td>ADVIA Chemistry Albumin BCP Calibrator</td><td>Albumin BCP Calibrator Same</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin BCP</td><td>Na/K/Cl: Buffered Aqueous matrix</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Calibrator Form: Na, K, Cl</td><td>ALBP: Human Serum Na/K/Cl: liquid</td><td>Same Same</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin BCP</td><td>ALBP: Lyophilized</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Number of Calibrator Levels: Na, K, Cl</td><td>Na/K/Cl: Two for serum and Two for Urine</td><td>Two for serum/urine</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin BCP</td><td>ALBP: One</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

Assay performance comparison results for the representative Trinidad CH system assays and their predicate assays were obtained by processing the appropriate body fluids. Summary statistics for each representative assay are provided. These data demonstrate substantial equivalency of the representative assays processed on the Trinidad CH system versus their predicate assays. The following data represent typical assay performance.

The Limit of Blank (LoB) and Limit of Detection (LoD) were evaluated in accordance with CLSI EP17-A2 Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation: Approved Guideline.

SODIUM, POTASSIUM, CHLORIDE

510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">TD-LYTE Integrated Multisensor (Na, K, CI)Limit of Detection Results with Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 samples with no analytewere tested (N=5) for 3days, one run per day, 2reagent lots,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na: 10.2 mmol/LK: 0.244 mmol/LCl: 2.23 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 low or diluted patientserum samples weretested (N=5) for 3 days,one run per day, 2 reagentlots</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na: 11.9 mmol/LK: 0.279 mmol/LCl: 4.43 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">TD-LYTE Integrated Multisensor (Na, K, CI)Trinidad CH Limit of Detection Results with Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td>LoB</td><td>4 samples with no analyte were tested (N=5) for 3 days, one run per day, 2 reagent lots,</td><td>Na: 4.72 mmol/L K: 0.00 mmol/L Cl: 4.86 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td>LoD</td><td>4 low or diluted patient urine samples were tested (N=5) for 3 days, one run per day, 2 reagent lots</td><td>Na: 5.30 mmol/L K: 0.079 mmol/L Cl: 5.47 mmol/L</td></tr></table>

The nonparametric approach described in EP-17A2 was followed to determine the Limit of Detection.

# ALBUMIN

LoB and LoD were determined as described in CLSI Document EP17-A2. Six blank samples composed saline diluent and water were processed with three reagent lots for three days, on one instrument for a total of 90 measurements per reagent lot. Five low samples composed of diluted serum were processed on three reagent lots for three days, on one instrument for a total of 75 measurements per lot. LoB: used nonparametric approach. LoB $=$ 95th percentile of all values LoB studies were completed with 3 reagent lots.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Trinidad CH Albumin_PLimit of Detection Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 samples with no analytewere tested (N=5) for 3 days,one run per day, 3 reagent lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 low and diluted patientserum samples were tested(N=5) for 3 days, one run perday, 3 reagent lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 g/dL</td></tr></table>

# SODIUM, POTASSIUM, CHLORIDE_LOQ

The Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) for serum and urine fluids were determined as described in CLSI Document EP17-A2 for Na, K and Cl. Total Error is calculated using: TE $=$ bias $\boldsymbol { + 2 ^ { \star } }$ SD. The reference values are traceable to the reference standard. For both serum and urine, four low samples composed of diluted samples (serum or urine), were processed on two IMT sensor lots for three days, on one instrument for a total of 60

measurements per lot. The average, SD, and bias relative to the reference values were calculated for each sample per reagent lot. These values were used to calculate the TE per the Westgard model for each sample.

The LoQ for Na for serum and plasma is 40.4 mmol/L $[ 4 0 . 4 \mathrm { \ m E q / L } ]$ , based on 120 determinations; and observed total error of $4 . 8 \%$ calculated using the Westgard model. The LoQ for Na for urine is $5 . 3 5 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ [5.35 mEq/L], based on 120 determinations; and observed total error of 1.78 mmol/L [1.78 mEq/L] or $2 7 \%$ calculated using the Westgard model.

The LoQ for K for serum and plasma is $0 . 7 9 2 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ [0.792 mEq/L], based on 120 determinations; and observed total error of $1 6 . 3 \%$ calculated using the Westgard model. The LoQ for K for urine is $1 . 0 3 ~ \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ [1.03 mEq/L], based on 120 determinations; and observed total error of $2 2 \%$ calculated using the Westgard model.

The LoQ for Cl for serum and plasma is $3 8 . 3 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ $[ 3 8 . 3 \mathrm { \ m E q / L } ]$ , based on 120 determinations; and observed total error of $1 0 . 3 \%$ calculated using the Westgard model. The LoQ for Cl for urine is $1 5 . 8 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ [ $1 5 . 8 ~ \mathsf { m E q } / \mathsf { L } ]$ , based on 120 determinations; and observed total error of $16 \%$ calculated using the Westgard model.

# ALBUMIN LOQ

Five low samples composed of diluted serum pools were processed on three reagent lots for three days, on one instrument for a total of 75 measurements per reagent lot. The lowest sample concentration that met the LoQ inter-assay precision acceptance criteria is $0 . 4 1 ~ \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { d L }$ . Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) is $0 . 4 ~ \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { d L }$ $( 4 ~ \mathfrak { g } / \mathsf { L } )$ based on 225 determinations, with an inter-assay precision of $< 1 0 \%$ .

# LINEARITY STUDY

Linearity was evaluated for serum and urine samples by using 9 equally spaced samples which spanned the assays’ measuring interval. Each was prepared by mixing high and low concentration samples across the measurement interval as described in CLSI Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedure (EP06-A). Native serum and urine pools were spiked with NaCl or KCl to prepare the high samples and diluted with water to prepare low samples. Three replicates were measured for each sample. The mean of these replicates was used for the calculations.

Regression Statistics Sodium

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range of samples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">serum47.4 -208 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td>urine 7.87 -337 mmol/L</td><td>0.94</td><td>0.35</td><td>9</td></tr></table>

Potassium   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rangeof samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>serum0.980 -10.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>urine0.238 - 314 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.379</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr></table>

Chloride   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rangeof samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>serum45.9 - 205smmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>urine10.3 - 397 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr></table>

Albumin   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range of samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>serum0.2 - 9.18 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>PRECISION STUDIES</td></tr></table>

Precision testing was performed in accordance with CLSI EP05-A2 Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods: Approved Guideline – Second Edition. Precision was tested ${ \mathsf n } = 2$ replicates, two times a day for at least 20 days for a total of at least 80 replicates with controls, serum pools and urine pools for the Na, K, Cl and Alb_P assays on one instrument. Analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used to evaluate the data consistent with the recommendations of EP05-A2. The data are summarized in the following tables:

SODIUM (NA)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(/oww) uol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>|Within-Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|3.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr></table>

SD $=$ standard deviation $\mathsf { C V } =$ coefficient of variation   
POTASSIUM (K)

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(7/owu)Muen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(7/oww)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cv(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(7/|oww)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV()</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumQC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|31.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr></table>

SD $=$ standard deviation $\mathsf { C V } =$ coefficient of variation

# 510(k) Summary

ALBUMIN (ALB_P)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>|N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(/oww) ual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(7/oww)S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(7/lowu)S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr></table>

SD $=$ standard deviation $\mathsf { C V } =$ coefficient of variation

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumQC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumQC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr></table>

SD $=$ standard deviation $\mathsf { C V } =$ coefficient of variation

CLSI EP7A2 was followed for the interference testing. The interference study was conducted using a “paired difference worst case scenario” approach where these compounds were spiked into fresh sample pools containing either low or high levels of measurand in serum pools.

Bias is the difference in the results between the control sample (without the interferent) and the test sample (contains the interferent) expressed in percent. Bias exceeding $10 \%$ is considered interference. Dilution studies were conducted to determine the level at which the spiked substance no longer displayed significant interference. Dilution studies were conducted at two analyte concentrations, if both sample pools show significant interference. This study was conducted as needed for both serum pools.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Approximate Concentration (within 10%) of Analytes in Test Pools</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlbP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 g/dL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Approximate Concentration (within 20%) of Analytes in Test Pools</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mmol/L</td></tr></table>

No interference was detected at the following analyte concentrations.

# SODIUM

Serum/Plasma   
Page 24 of 32   
510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750 mg/dL (0.47 mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL((1026μmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL (1026 µmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lipemia (Intralipid)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000 mg/dL (33.9 mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnesium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lithium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Borate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ammonium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiopental</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia (Intralipid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AscorbicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SodiumCefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>660 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GentamycinSulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenazopyridine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 8</td></tr></table>

# POTASSIUM

Serum/Plasma   
Page 25 of 32   
510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConjugatedBilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL(1026sμmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UnconjugatedBilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL(1026μmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lipemia (Intralipid)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000 mg/dL (33.9 mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnesium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lithium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Borate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ammonium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Iron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Urine   
CHLORIDE   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia (Intralipid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AscorbicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SodiumCefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>660 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GentamycinSulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenazopyridine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 8</td></tr></table>

Serum/Plasma   
510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750mg/dL(0.47mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL(1026μmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL(1026μmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lipemia(Intralipid)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000mg/dL(33.9mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Borate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>lodine</td><td>25 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Bromide</td><td>50 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia (Intralipid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AscorbicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SodiumCefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>660 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GentamycinSulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenazopyridine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 8</td></tr></table>

Limitations

Avoid Hemolyzed samples for potassium. Hemolyzed samples may give incorrect elevated potassium. Intracellular potassium concentration is 30-50 fold greater than that of extracellular serum or plasma.

Samples exposed to Benzalkonium salts present in certain blood catheter devices will cause falsely elevated sodium and potassium measurements.\*\*

Citrate at $1 \ 9 / \mathsf { d L }$ decreases the chloride result in serum/plasma at 82.4 mmol/L by - $. 1 1 . 9 \%$ . Fluoride at $1 \ 9 / \mathsf { d L }$ increases the chloride result in serum/plasma at 81.7 mmol/L by $40 . 0 \%$ and 101 mmol/L by $5 5 . 4 \%$ . Iodine at $5 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ increases the chloride result in serum/plasma at $8 2 . 2 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ by $1 5 . 7 \%$ . Bromide at $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ increases the chloride result in serum/plasma at 82.1 mmol/L by $5 4 . 7 \%$ and 101 mmol/L by $3 6 . 4 \%$ . Iron at $1 \ 9 / \mathrm { d L }$ increases the potassium result in serum/plasma at 2.75 mmol/L by $1 6 . 4 \%$ and $4 . 5 4 ~ \mathsf { m m o l / L }$ by $1 1 . 1 \%$ .

Ibuprofen at $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ biases Chloride results in urine at 47.2 mmol/L by $1 8 . 5 \%$ .   
Ofloxacin at 90 mg/dL biases Chloride results in urine at 55.8 mmol/L by - $1 1 . 3 \%$ .

\*\* Koch TR, Cook JD. Benzalkonium interference with test methods for potassium and sodium. Clin Chem. 1990;36:807–8.

ALBUMIN (ALB_P)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin 600 mg/dL [0.37 mmol/L]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALB_P</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConjugatedBilirubin30mg/dL [513 µmol/L]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALB_P</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UnconjugatedBilirubin30mg/dL [[513 μmol/L]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALB_P</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia (Intralipid) 500 mg/dL [5.65 mmol/L]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALB_P</td></tr></table>

# SODIUM, POTASSIUM, CHLORIDE

Siemens validated a manual rerun condition that extends the reportable range up to 600 mmol/L [600 mEq/L] for Na urine, 600 mmol/L [600 mEq/L] for K urine, and 660 mmol/L [660 mEq/L] for Cl urine. Manually dilute 1 part urine with 1 part reagent grade water. Enter dilution factor of 2. Reassay. Resulting readout is corrected for dilutions.

METHOD COMPARISON

# SODIUM, POTASSIUM, CHLORIDE

The predicate device selected for the method comparison study was the ADVIA 1800 Chemistry System which is a member of the ADVIA 1650 Chemistry System cleared under K990346. Remnant de-identified samples were tested. No patient history information was obtained on these samples. Inclusion/exclusion data criteria are not applicable. The study included native, spiked, and diluted samples to properly span the assay ranges.

These studies were conducted internally by Siemens Healthcare Diagnostic Inc. R&D organization personnel. The personnel conducting the study were laboratory technicians with training similar to personnel who would conduct the tests in a hospital laboratory setting. They were trained on the operation of both the device and the predicate device. A split sample method comparison, following EP09-A3, demonstrated good agreement between the Trinidad CH System and the predicate ADVIA 1800 Chemistry with patient samples.

The results across the full assay ranges for Sodium, Potassium and Chloride were analyzed by Passing-Bablok regression. One replicate of each sample was tested and used in the analysis.

ALBUMIN   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>comemedwMessy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SeeSO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jdoe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ieu/loww)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ee te ASedwe    (7/oww)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>) eciinCoeon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA 1800ChemistrySystem SodiumNa)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101-197.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA 1800ChemistrySystem Sodiuma)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12-283</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA 1800ChemistrySystemPotassium (K)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50-9.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA 1800ChemistrySystemotassium (K)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7 - 280.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA 1800ChemistrySystem Chloride(C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59-191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA 1800ChemistrySystem Chloride(Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 - 321</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td></tr></table>

The albumin method comparison statistics were calculated with standard linear regression.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparisonAsay (x)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenTType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleRange(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlationoefficient(r)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Chemistry1800 ALBP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9 -77.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td></tr></table>

A second method comparison was completed with 25 serum and plasma samples on the Trinidad CH and the Reference Methods for sodium, potassium and chloride. Samples were tested $\mathsf { n } { = } 1$ . The reference measurement procedures used were flame emission spectrophotometry for Na and K, and coulometry for Cl. Reference measurements were made at INSTAND e.V, Ubierstrasse 20, 40223 Düsseldorf, GERMANY. Some samples were either diluted with water or spiked with NaCl or KCl to properly span the assay ranges.

Linear regression model $=$ Least-squares. $N = 1$ replicate per sample IMT reagent Lot #: 5AD102

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-int (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean % Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.33%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.1 to 183.2 mmol/L(mEq/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.32%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22 to 8.97 mmol/L(mEq/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55 to 148 mmol/L(mEq/L)</td></tr></table>

# SODIUM, POTASSIUM, CHLORIDE

Serum and lithium heparin plasma equivalency was demonstrated for the Sodium, Potassium and Chloride assays on the Trinidad CH Instrument System by testing fifty matched samples. Some samples were diluted with water or spiked with NaCl or KCl to obtain samples spanning the assay measuring intervals. The table below summarizes the Deming linear regression statistics.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Range of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-Intercept (mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td></tr></table>

Linear regression model $=$ Deming $N = 1$ replicate per sample $( 1 ~ \mathrm { m m o l / L } = 1 ~ \mathrm { m E q / L } )$

# ALBUMIN

Lithium heparin plasma and EDTA plasma sample types were demonstrated to yield equivalent to those from serum samples on the Trinidad CH Instrument System for the Albumin. Fifty-nine matched sample sets were tested.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Range of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-Intercept(g/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum vs. LithiumHeparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum vs. EDTAplasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01</td></tr></table>

Linear regression model $=$ Deming $N = 1$ replicate per sample

SODIUM, POTASSIUM, CHLORIDE

The expected values for adult based serum, plasma and 24-hour urine output are cited from the literature1 :

Serum (Adults) Sodium: 136-145 mmol/L Potassium: 3.5-5.1 mmol/L Chloride: 98-107 mmol/L

Plasma (Adults) Sodium: 136-145 mmol/L Potassium: 3.4-4.5 mmol/L Chloride: 98-107 mmol/L

Urine, 24 hour (Adults) Sodium: 40-220 mmol/24h Potassium: 25-125 mmol/24h Chloride: 110-250 mmol/24h

1 Tietz Fundamentals of Clinical Chemistry, Fifth Edition, Edited by Carl A. Burlis and Edward R. Ashwood, W.B. Saunders Company, 2001:970, 1004,1009 (ISBN 0-7216- 8634-6).

# ALBUMIN

The reference range for albumin is $3 . 4 - 5 . 0 \ { \mathfrak { g } } / { \mathfrak { d } } \mathsf { L }$ for adults2 . This range was verified through testing of 20 adults without renal disease, liver disease, thyroid disease, diabetes, pregnancy or hypertension medication, per CLSI EP28-A3c.

2 Willey DA, Savory J, Lasky F. An Evaluation of a Revised Albumin Method for the aca $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ discrete clinical analyzer, Du Pont Company, Wilmington, DE, August 1982.

The automated Trinidad CH system and ADVIA 1800 Chemistry systems are substantially equivalent in principle and performance based on the similarity of system design and function. In addition, the performance and results of the representative test assays (sodium, potassium, chloride and albumin) are equivalent to their respective predicates as demonstrated through method comparison and other performance attributes.