ABBOTT LABORATORIES   
LISA LUKOWSKI   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS PROJECT MANAGER   
100 ABBOTT PARK ROAD, DEPT 9VA, AP8-I   
ABBOTT PARK IL 60064

Re: K151566 Trade/Device Name: ARCHITECT Total T4 Calibrators Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIT Dated: June 9, 2015 Received: June 10, 2015

Dear Lisa Lukowski:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# I. Applicant Name

Abbott Laboratories Dept. 9V6, AP8-1 100 Abbott Park Road Abbott Park, IL 60064

Primary contact person:

Lisa Lukowski, ADD, Regulatory Affairs Project Manager   
Phone: (224) 668-8849   
Fax: (224) 667-4836   
E-Mail: lisa.lukowski@abbott.com

Secondary contact person:

Mary Caren Murawski, Associate Director of Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: (224) 667-2817   
Fax: (224) 667-4836   
E-Mail: mary.murawski@abbott.com

Date Summary prepared: July 9, 2015

# II. Device Name

Trade Name: ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Calibrators   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Name: Calibrator, Secondary   
Governing Regulation: 862.1150   
Code: JIT

Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry

510(k) Number: k151566

# III. Predicate Device

ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Calibrators (k983440)

# IV. Description of the Device

The calibrators are devices intended for medical purposes for use in the ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ assay test system to establish points of reference that are used in the quantitative determination of values in the measurement of substances in human specimens. Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ measurements are used as an aid in the assessment of thyroid status.

The calibrators are designed to be used on the ARCHITECT $i$ System ( $i 2 0 0 0 _ { \mathrm { S R } }$ , i 2000, and $i 1 0 0 0 _ { \mathrm { S R } } ,$ ) with the ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Reagents.

ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Calibrator kit contains:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Bottles × Volume</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator A (Cal A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 × 4 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator B (Cal B)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 × 4 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator C (Cal C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 × 4 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator D (Cal D)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 × 4 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator E (Cal E)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 × 4 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator F (Cal F)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 × 4 mL</td></tr></table>

ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Calibrator A contains human serum. Preservative: Sodium Azide.

ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Calibrators $\mathrm { B - F }$ contain different concentrations of $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ prepared in human serum. Preservative: Sodium Azide.

The ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Calibrators are prepared to target the following concentrations:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(μg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(nmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator A (Cal A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator B (Cal B)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorC(Cal C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator D (Cal D)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator E (Cal E)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator F (Cal F)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308.9</td></tr></table>

# Value Assignment:

The ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ $\mathrm { ( T T _ { 4 } ) }$ calibrators are prepared using a stock solution and then value assigned using primary calibrators (Abbott internal reference standards prepared using USP material). The $\mathrm { T T } _ { 4 }$ calibrator values must meet the sponsor’s predetermined acceptance criteria within a set specification, determined by the manufacturer. Each new $\mathrm { T T } _ { 4 }$ calibrator lot is value assigned prior to use. Before each lot is released, the $\mathrm { T T _ { 4 } }$ calibrators are run on 3 instruments, 1 run per instrument 15 replicates per run. The observed values must meet the manufacture’s acceptance criteria.

# V. Intended Use of the Device

The ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Calibrators are for the calibration of the ARCHITECT $i$ System when used for the quantitative determination of thyroxine (Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ ) in human serum and plasma.

# VI. Summary of Technological Characteristics

The following table provides the similarities and differences between the candidate (ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ ) and the predicate device (ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ , k983440).

# Comparison of ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ to Predicate ARCHITECT Total $\mathbf { T _ { 4 } }$ Calibrators

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceARCHITECT Total T4 Calibrators(2-Point Calibration)k983440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceARCHITECT Total T4 Calibrators(6-Point Calibration)k151566</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARCHITECT Total T4Calibrators are for the calibrationof the ARCHITECT i Systemwhen used for the quantitativedetermination of thyroxine (TotalT4) in human serum and plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARCHITECT i System (i 2000sR,i 2000, and i 1000sR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Comparison of ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ to Predicate ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { \mathbf { T } } _ { 4 }$ Calibrators

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceARCHITECT Total T4 Calibrators(2-Point Calibration)k983440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceARCHITECT Total T4 Calibrators(6-Point Calibration)k151566</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total T4Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels0.0 and 18.0 μg/dLL-Thyroxine in human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> 6 levels0.0, 3.0, 6.0, 12.0, 18.0, and24.0 μg/dL L-Thyroxine inhuman serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorComposition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator 1:Analyte: NoneDiluent: Human SerumPreservative: Sodium AzideCalibrator 2:Analyte: L-ThyroxineDiluent: Human SerumPreservative: Sodium Azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator A:Analyte: NoneDiluent: Human SerumPreservative: Sodium AzideCalibrators B-F:Analyte: L-ThyroxineDiluent: Human SerumPreservative: Sodium Azide</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The calibrators are matched to anAbbott internal reference standard.This internal reference standard ismanufactured by gravimetricmethods using USP referenceL-Thyroxine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage andStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The calibrators are stable until theexpiration date when stored andhandled as directed at 2-8°C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The expiration date is 12 monthsfrom the date opened when storedand handled as directed. Do notexceed the lot expiration dateprinted on the bottle.The calibrators are stable until theexpiration date when stored andhandled as directed.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Stability Results:

Stability studies for the ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ calibrators were performed based on guidance from the Clinical Laboratory and Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP25-A.

# In-Use Condition (Open Vial):

Stability of the ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Calibrators was evaluated. At the baseline time point (0) and each subsequent time point (1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 9 and 12 months) the on-test calibrator vials are opened and squeezed to ensure good air exchange, then inverted and squeezed to release a minimum of 8 drops of material from each vial. The vials are then closed and stored at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ until the next time point. In-use testing was performed using a minimum of 10 replicates each of the on-test calibrators, reference controls, and reference panel with the designated reference reagents. The time point results were evaluated against the stability limit evaluation criteria. The results support the following stability claim for the ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Calibrators: 12 months at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# Intended Storage Condition (Closed Vial):

The stability for the ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Calibrators was evaluated using real-time stability study. For the real time stability study, three lots of test materials are stored at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Samples at time-points 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 months were tested and evaluated against the stability limit evaluation criteria. The results support the following stability claim for the ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Calibrators: 14 months at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# Standardization

The calibrators are matched to an Abbott internal reference standard. This internal reference standard is manufactured by gravimetric methods using USP reference L-Thyroxine.

# VII. Conclusion

Substantial equivalence for the candidate device, ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Calibrators, is claimed to the predicate device cleared in k983440, ARCHITECT Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ Calibrators. The modifications to the calibrators have not changed the intended use, as described in its labeling, nor have the modifications altered the fundamental scientific technology of this device.