EDAN INSTRUMENTS, INC. C/O RANDY BYRD   
RANDY BYRD, LLC   
1 BLUEBERRY HILL WAY PEPPERELL   
MA 01463-4200

Re: K151978 Trade/Device Name: EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System, EDAN i15 Calibrant Fluid Pack, EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control, EDAN i15 Hematocrit Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1120 Regulation Name: Blood Gases (pCO2, pO2) and Blood pH System Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CHL, JGS, CEM, JFP, CGZ, GKF, JIX, JJS, GLK Dated: July 8, 2016 Received: July 11, 2016

Dear Randy Byrd:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K51978

Device Name EDAN il5 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
TBloo healyyc Bloo asnhalyzCl Fuc, Test Cartridge) is a portable, automated system that measures $\mathsf { p H }$ and blood gases $( p \mathsf { C O } _ { 2 } , p \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } )$ , electrolytes $( \Nu { \tt a } ^ { + } , \Nu ^ { + }$ , ${ { C a } ^ { + + } }$ o near patient or point-of-care settings.   
${ \mathsf { p H } } , p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 } ,$ Whole blood measurement of certain gases in whole blood, or pH of whole blood, is used in   
$p 0 _ { 2 }$ the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base and/or oxygenation disturbances.   
Hct: Whole blood measurements of the packed cell volume of a blood sample are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red blood cells)   
Na: Sodium measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes ips rea ypertesion,Adso'isease, dhydration,  ieaenv electrolyte imbalance.   
$\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ Potassium measurement is used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high potassium levels   
Cr: Chloride measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.   
$\boldsymbol { \mathrm { C a } } ^ { \ + + }$ Cac eument he os nen pthyro variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

T buren  olctioationatverhours p onscu m evistconser existng d surs athnmaia  d eed  c v lln tnS r ur ta

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known) K151978

Device Name EDAN i15 Calibrant Fluid Pack

Indications for Use (Describe)

EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only torequirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Te buren   h ollectionfoation etateaveragehours p eponsencude tme t reviewnstructions, search existing dat sources, gather andmaintain he data needed and coplete a eviw collection oatinS cmentsarding  burden tmat  y h this information collection, icludig suggestions for reducing this burden

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known) K151978

Device Name EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control

Indications for Use (Describe)

al with i15 Calibrant Fluid Pack and i15 Test Cartridge for the analysis of pH, blood gases $( p \mathsf { C O } 2 , p \mathsf { O } 2 )$ , and electrolytes (Na\*, $\kappa ^ { * }$ - $C a ^ { + + }$ , and Cl).

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

<table><tr><td>Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)</td></tr><tr><td>Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C</td></tr></table>

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teurenoh clectionoation atverhours p ponsencud m  eviwstrucons, sear existin da sours atheanmaintai he d neede d cop a review hecollection nforatin.Sen comments garding th burden stimate or ny he this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Number (if known) K151978

Device Name EDAN i15 Hematocrit Control

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburent ohoectinoationateo averhours  pons,ncud viwstuions searh exitg d sourcs gathean maitai e da neede  cp villeion atinS entrdin ur tma ths information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burde t

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary1

Registration Number 3003971136

(a)(1) Submitter’s name, address EDAN Instruments, Inc. 3/F‐B, Nanshan Medical Equipments Park 1019# Nanhai Road Shenzhen, 518067 P.R. China

Application Correspondent Tracy Yue, +86.755.76856469

Date of Preparation of this Summary:

14 July 2016

(2) Device trade or proprietary name:  EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System, EDAN i15 Calibrant Fluid Pack, EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control and EDAN i15 Hematocrit Control.

Device common or usual name: Blood Gases $( p \mathsf { C O } _ { 2 }$ , PO2) and blood pH Test System, Electrolyte Analyzer; Calibrator, multi‐analyte mixture; Controls for Blood Gases, Control, Hematocrit

Classification Name: Multiple

Product  Regulation

<table><tr><td>Classification Name</td><td>Review Panel</td><td>Code</td><td>Number</td><td>Class</td></tr><tr><td>Blood gases (PCO2, PO2) and blood pH test system</td><td>Clinical Chemistry</td><td>75 CHL</td><td>862.1120</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium test system</td><td>Clinical Chemistry</td><td>75 JGS</td><td>862.1665</td><td>22</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium test system</td><td>Clinical Chemistry</td><td>75 CEM</td><td>862.1600</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Chloride test system</td><td>Clinical Chemistry</td><td>75 CGZ</td><td>862.1170</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Calcium test system</td><td>Clinical Chemistry</td><td>75 JFP</td><td>862.1145</td><td>22</td></tr><tr><td>Automated hematocrit instrument</td><td>Hematology</td><td>81 GKF</td><td>864.5600</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Calibrators</td><td>Clinical Chemistry</td><td>75 JIX</td><td>862.1150</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Controls for Blood Gases (Assayed and Unassayed)</td><td>Clinical Chemistry</td><td>75 JJS</td><td>862.1660</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Control, Hematocrit</td><td>Hematology</td><td>81 GLK</td><td>864.8625</td><td>2</td></tr></table>

# (3) Substantial Equivalence

The EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System, including the Blood Gas and Chemistry Analyzer, Calibrant Fluid Pack, Test Cartridge, and Quality Controls) is substantially equivalent in function, safety and efficacy to currently marketed devices for the same intended use as shown in the table, below.

# Predicate Devices:

K002738 – Siemens (Bayer) Rapidpoint 400 System, including calibrators K943754 – RNA Medical QC823 Blood Gas, Electrolyte, Metabolite Control K955630 – RNA Medical QC900 Hematocrit Control

Comparison of Predicate and Candidate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Predicate  K002738 Siemens (Bayer) Rapidpoint 400Device:                System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Candidate  EDAN i15 Blood Gas and ChemistryDevice:     Analysis System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Characteristic</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>For the measurement of pH, pCO2, PO2, Na*,K†, Ca*t, Cl and Hct in whole blood samples.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Test Principle</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>pH and pCO2: potentiometric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>pO2: amperometric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Na*, K*, Ca**, Cl: potentiometric, ion-selective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Hematocrit: conductivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ser</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Sensor Technology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Amperometric and potentiometric thick filmmicroelectrodes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Sample Types</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Heparinized whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Sample Introduction</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Syringe and capillary, by aspiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sample Volumes</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100 μL (syringe and capillary)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>140 µL (syringe and capillary)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Me</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Measurement Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Default units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Default units</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500-7.800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(pH units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500-7.800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(pH units)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 - 200.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0 - 700.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 - 200.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 - 180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50 -15.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0-9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20 - 5.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 -2.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65-140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65-140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13-72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Us</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>User Interface, Printer</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Menu-driven color touch screen display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Bar-code scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Thermal printer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>System Operating Temperature, Humidity</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>15 - 32°C, 5% to 85% (non-condensing)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>10 - 31° C, 25% to 80% (non-condensing)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Predicate K002738 Siemens (Bayer) 400 Device: Measurement Cartridge</td><td>Candidate Device:</td><td>EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System Calibrant Fluid Pack</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Intended Use</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The measurement cartridge is intended to be used for the calibration of sensors used for the quantitative measurement of pH, blood gases, electrolytes and hematocrit.</td><td colspan="2">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Configuration</td><td colspan="2">One solution for the calibration of the sensors</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Three solutions for the calibration of the sensors and a reference solution contained in Mylar and aluminum foil bags, housed in a protective, self- contained, molded plastic disposable container.</td><td colspan="2">contained in a Mylar and aluminum foil bag, housed in a protective, self-contained, molded plastic disposable container.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PredicateK943754 RNA Medical QC823 Blood Gas,Device:                Electrolyte and MetaboliteQuality Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate EDAN Blood Gas and ChemistryDevice:     Quality Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To evaluate the operation of the analyzer and tomonitor the measurement of pH and blood gases(pCO2, pO2, and electrolytes (Na+, K+, Ca++, CI-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Configuration</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC 823 is provided in three (3) levels for monitoringanalyzer performance at different points within theclinical range. It is packaged in sealed glass ampoules,each containing 2.5 mL of solution. Ampoules arepackaged thirty (30) per box.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same, except packaged with 5 ampoules per box.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Analytes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, Na*, K+, Cl, Ca*, Mg*, glucose,lactate, and BUN (urea)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same, except assay provided only for pH, pCO2, pO2,Na*, K*, Cl and Ca++</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate: K955630 RNA Medical Hematocrit Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate: EDAN Blood Gas and Chemistry SystemHematocrit Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To evaluate the operation and to monitor themeasurement of hematocrit by electrical conductivity.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Configuration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC 900 is provided in two (2) levels (Low and High) formonitoring analyzer performance at different pointswithin the clinical range. It is packaged in sealed glassampoules, each containing 1.7 mL of solution. Ampoulesare packaged twenty (20) per box (10 of each level).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same, except each single level is packaged in aconvenient 5-ampoule box.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Analytes</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Active Ingredients</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salts and conductivity modifiers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# (4)  Description of the new device.

The EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System, including the Blood Gas and Chemistry Analyzer, Calibrant Fluid Pack, Test Cartridge, and Quality Controls) is a system for in‐vitro analysis of whole blood, delivering quantitative results for panels of tests determined by the Test Cartridge type used in the measurement. The Analyzer incorporates a large graphical user interface with a large color touch screen interfacing the analyzer electronic, Test Cartridge (containing the sensors) and Calibrant Fluid Pack. The sensors, flow path and waste are integrated into a single‐use Test Cartridge. The calibration solution is contained in the Calibrant Fluid Pack which is available in versions for 50 or 100 tests. The product, consumables, installation instructions and packaging are designed for easy customer installation and operation.

The EDAN i15 Analyzer accepts lithium‐ or calcium‐balanced heparinized whole blood samples from syringes and capillary tube. The minimum volume for samples from both syringe and capillary tube is $1 4 0 \mu \ L$ .

# Test Cartridge

As with the predicate device, the EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System is microprocessor‐based and incorporates traditional sensor technology for measurement.

 pH, $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ , ${ { \mathsf { N } } { \mathsf { a } } ^ { + } }$ , $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ , Cl‐ , and ${ \mathsf { C a } } ^ { + + }$ (potentiometric measurement)   
 $p { \mathsf { O } } 2$ (amperometric measurement) Hct (conductivity measurement)

The Test Cartridge is available in three (3) versions, with different test panels, but with identical sample paths and calibration fluid:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Cartridge Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Parameters</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BG8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, Na*, K+, Cl, Ca+, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BG3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BC4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na*, K*, Cl, Ca++, Hct</td></tr></table>

The Test Cartridge aspirates the sample directly from a syringe, or capillary fitted with an adaptor, and requires a minimum sample volume of $1 4 0 \mu \iota$ .

# Measured Parameters

The EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System measures blood pH, pCO2, $p { \mathsf { O } } 2$ , sodium, potassium, chloride, ionized calcium and hematocrit.

Calculated Parameters   

<table><tr><td>Symbol</td><td>Description</td></tr><tr><td>cH+ cH+(T) pH (T) pCO2 (T)</td><td>Hydrogen ion concentration Hydrogen ion concentration corrected for entered patient temperature pH value corrected for entered patient temperature pCO2 corrected for entered patient</td></tr><tr><td>pO2 (T) HCOact HCOstd BB (B)</td><td>pO2 corrected for entered patient temperature Bicarbonate ion concentration Bicarbonate ion concentration normalized to a pCO2 of 40mmHg</td></tr><tr><td>BE (B) Ca++ (7.4) AnGap tHb (est)</td><td>Buffer base Base excess (B) BE (ecf) Base excess (ecf) ctCO2 Total carbon dioxide The ionized calcium concentration of blood normalized to pH 7.4</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>An approximation of the difference between measured cations and measured anions in the sample</td></tr><tr><td>sO (est)</td><td>An estimation of the hemoglobin contained in the sample An estimation of hemoglobin oxygen saturation: a ratio of the amount of hemoglobin bound to oxygen to the total amount of hemoglobin able to bind</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>oxygen</td></tr><tr><td>pO2 (A-a) pO2 (A-a) (T)</td><td>Alveolar-arterial oxygen tension difference</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Alveolar-arterial oxygen tension difference corrected for entered patient</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>temperature Arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio</td></tr><tr><td>pO2 (a/A)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>pO2 (a/A) (T)</td><td>Arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio corrected for entered patient temperature</td></tr><tr><td>RI</td><td>Respiratory index: the ratio of the alveolar-arterial blood oxygen-pressure differeng</td></tr><tr><td>RI (T)</td><td>to arterial pO2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Respiratory index: the ratio of the alveolar-arterial blood oxygen-pressure differeng</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>to arterial pO2 when both values are corrected for patient temperature</td></tr><tr><td>pO2/FIO2 pO2 (T)/FIO2</td><td>The ratio of arterial pO2 to the fraction of inspired oxygen The ratio of arterial pO2 to the fraction of inspired oxygen corrected for the entered</td></tr></table>

# Indications for Use

The i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System (including Blood Gas and Chemistry Analyzer, Calibrant Fluid Pack, Test Cartridge) is a portable, automated system that measures pH and blood gases $( p \mathsf { C O } _ { 2 } , p \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } )$ , electrolytes $( \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } , \mathsf { K } ^ { + } , \mathsf { C a } ^ { + + } , \mathsf { C l } ^ { - } )$ and hematocrit in arterial and venous whole blood samples with lithium heparin or calcium balanced heparin. The system is intended for in‐vitro diagnostic use only by trained health care professionals in a laboratory environment, near patient or point‐of‐care settings.

pH, $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 } ,$ ,  Whole blood measurement of certain gases in whole blood, or pH of whole blood, is used in   
$p 0 _ { 2 }$ : the diagnosis and treatment of life‐threatening acid‐base and/or oxygenation disturbances.   
Hct: Whole blood measurements of the packed cell volume of a blood sample are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red blood cells)   
Na+ : Sodium measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison’s disease, dehydration, or diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.   
${ \sf K } ^ { + }$ : Potassium measurement is used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high potassium levels   
Cl‐ : Chloride measurement is used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.   
${ \mathsf { C a } } ^ { + + }$ : Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).

The EDAN i15 Calibrant Fluid Pack is intended for the calibration of pH, $p { 0 _ { 2 } } , p { \subset { 0 _ { 2 } } } , { \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } } , { \mathsf { K } ^ { + } } , { \mathsf { C a } ^ { + + } } , { \mathsf { C l } ^ { - } } .$ , and Hct as part of the EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System.

The EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Electrolyte Controls are external multi‐analyte quality control material intended to be used for the verification of correct operation and measurement of the EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Electrolyte Analyze, together with i15 Calibrant Fluid Pack and i15 Test Cartridge for the analysis of pH, blood gases $( p \mathsf { C O } _ { 2 } p \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } )$ , and electrolytes $( \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } , \mathsf { K } ^ { + } , \mathsf { C a } ^ { + + }$ , and Cl‐ ).

The EDAN i15 Hematocrit Controls are intended to be used for the verification of correct operation and measurement of the EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System, together with i15 Calibrant Fluid Pack and i15 Test Cartridge for the analysis of hematocrit.

# Summary of the Technological Characteristics

The EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared Siemens RapidPoint 400 Test System in intended use. The test principle, sensor technology, sample types and mode of sample introduction are the same for these system, and measurement is shown to be equivalent in this submission. The results of software validation and performance verification testing confirmed the EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System, including Blood Gas and Chemistry Analyzer, Calibrant Fluid Pack, and Test Cartridge, is safe and effective for it intended use and the EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis system is substantially equivalent to that of the Siemens RapidPoint 400 Blood Gas Electrolyte System, including the Measurement Cartridge, K002738 (predicate device).

The EDAN i15 Calibrator Fluid Pack is substantially equivalent to the Siemens 400 Measurement Cartridge previously cleared with the Siemens RapidPoint 400 Test System in configuration and in support for the calibration and measurement of equivalent panels of measurands.

The EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared RNA

Medical Blood Gas, Electrolyte and Metabolite Control K943754 (predicate device) in formulation, measurands and primary (glass ampoule) packaging, but packaged in convenient 5‐ampoule packages.

The EDAN i15 Hematocrit Control is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared RNA Medical Hematocrit Control K955630 (predicate device) in formulation, measurands and primary (glass ampoule) packaging, but packaged in convenient 5‐ampoule packages.

# Summary of Performance Testing

Bench testing was completed to demonstrate the EDAN i15 System is substantially equivalent to the Siemens RapidPoint 400 Blood Gas and Electrolyte System in performance, safety and efficacy. The bench testing included:

 Method Comparison Studies, Linearity and Analytical Measuring Range Imprecision/Reproducibility Studies Specificity/Interference Testing   
 Detection Limit

The results of that testing confirm the performance of the EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System, (including Blood Gas and Chemistry Analyzer, Calibrant Fluid Pack, and Test Cartridge), is substantially equivalent to that of the previously cleared Siemens (Bayer) RapidPoint 400 Test System, including Measurement Cartridge (predicate device).

# a.    Linearity Studies

Whole, venous blood samples collected from healthy volunteers in vacuum blood collection tubes with lithium heparin were modified to obtain a range of values for each measurand approaching their analytical measurement range by the addition of isotonic electrolyte solution for electrolytes, tonometry with various gas mixtures for blood gases and pH, and by mixing with erythrocyte concentrated for depleted plasma to obtain an range of hematocrit. Criteria for acceptance is a slope between 0.95 and 1.05 and r‐value $\ge 0 . 9 7 5$ . Electrolyte values were compared to those calculated from serial dilution of high and low concentration blood samples, $p 0 _ { 2 }$ and $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ against those determined by tonometry, pH was compared against parallel measurement on a Radiometer ABL 800, while hematocrit was compared the PCV% obtained by microhematocrit centrifuge.  The evaluation demonstrated equivalent, linear performance over the analytical measurement range for all measurands in samples from syringes and from glass capillary tubes.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Whole Blood from Syringe</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClaimedMeasuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% ofclaimedrange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 - 180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94 - 185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9983</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 - 9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 - 10.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9886</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 - 140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58 -176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9993</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - 2.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23 - 2.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9848</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9981</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500 - 7.800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.455 - 7.944</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9842</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 - 150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9533</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9969</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 - 700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-716</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9969</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9993</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 - 72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 -77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9687</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9981</td></tr></table>

Linearity across claimed measurement range in samples introduced from Syringe.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Whole Blood from Capillary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClaimedMeasuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% ofclaimedrange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 - 180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94-185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0059</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9986</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 - 9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9 - 10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 - 140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59 -175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9965</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9992</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - 2.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24 - 2.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9771</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9968</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500 - 7.800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.464 - 7.978</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9995</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 - 150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9992</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 - 700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-717</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 -72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9623</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9984</td></tr></table>

Linearity across claimed measurement range in samples introduced from glass Capillary.

b .  Imprecision in External Controls Imprecision was evaluated by running 3 levels of EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control and 2 levels of EDAN i15  Hematocrit Control in duplicate each day for a total of 20 runs on one EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System. The protocol was based on methods described in CLSI EP5‐A2, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline – Second edition.   

<table><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">pH Precision in Aqueous Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(pH units)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total ImprecisionSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total ImprecisionCV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.153</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.410</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.598</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">pCO2 Precision in Aqueous Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(mmHg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalImprecision SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total ImprecisionCV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.36 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.82 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.45 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.02 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.91 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.13 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO Precision</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">pO2 Precision in Aqueous Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(mmHg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalImprecision SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total ImprecisionCV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.73 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.75 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.73 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.35 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">149.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.74 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.23 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Na* Precision in Aqueous Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalImprecision SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total ImprecisionCV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.18 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.71 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.86 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">158.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.95 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.91 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">K* Precision in Aqueous Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalImprecision SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total ImprecisionCV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.040</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.11 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.040</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.07 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.047</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.09 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.052</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.073</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.065</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.02 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Cl Precision in Aqueous Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalImprecision SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total ImprecisionCV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.22 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.17 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">121.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.54 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Ca*+ Precision in Aqueous B</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunCV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalImprecision SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total ImprecisionCV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.47</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.66</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Hct Precision in Aqueous Hematocrit Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalImprecision SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total ImprecisionCV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.97 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.82 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.24 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16 %</td></tr></table>

c. Precision in Whole Blood Hematocrit Venous Whole Blood Precision An in‐house with‐in run precision study was performed on heparinized venous whole blood samples collected from eight volunteers.   Six levels were prepared (one on each day of 6 days) in order to cover the measuring range of hematocrit.  Each sample was run in replicates of 10 on 3 EDAN i15 analyzers, using 3 reagent lots, over a period of 6 days (one level run per day) for a total of 30 results per level. The with‐in run precision results for of the six levels of whole blood tested from both syringe and capillary tube is presented in the table below:

Venous whole blood within‐run precision for Hct   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n =30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Syringe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Capillary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HctLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr></table>

An in‐house precision study was performed utilizing 3 EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System with venous whole blood collected from 3 healthy volunteers.  The whole blood was tonometered to nominal gas values. The remainder of the analytes were not altered.  The samples were run in replicates of 10 on each of the three analyzers for a total of 30 results.  The results of the combined precision data is summarized below:

Venous whole blood within‐run precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Syringe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Capillary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.325</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.322</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca+ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr></table>

# d.  Comparison of Syringe and Capillary Measurement

Whole blood venous samples from healthy volunteers were evaluated to demonstrate the measurement results from samples introduced from syringes and capillary tubes are equivalent. Six levels of blood were prepared to provide a range of measurement values for electrolytes and hematocrit, and tonometered with precision gas mixtures to attain a range of $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ and PO2 values and analyzed over numerous days on three (3) EDAN i15 instruments with 10 replicates on each of six (6) levels of prepared blood samples introduced from capillary tubes as compared to introduced from syringes.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sample rangetested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r-value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.036 - 7.689</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9855</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9936</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7 - 119.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9953</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0 - 749.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0704</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9941</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105 - 176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9716</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9954</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 - 10.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9848</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0339</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9981</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86 - 3.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9928</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl&quot; (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76 - 164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9844</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 - 64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9933</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9968</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr></table>

Correlation in whole blood samples introduced from Capillary vs Syringe

# e.    Specificity / Interference Testing

An interference study was performed according to the CLSI guideline EP7‐A2. The study used spiked and diluted human whole blood samples containing potential interferents for pH, pO2, $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 } ,$ sodium, potassium, chloride, calcium, and hematocrit. Seven replicates of both the spiked and the unspiked sample were tested on two i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry System with one lot of test cartridges.  The results of each replicate of the spiked and unspiked samples were compared and the percent bias between the results was calculated for all analytes except for pH for which absolute difference was calculated. The acceptance criteria used to evaluate if the substances significantly interfere with each analyte is shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td>Measurand</td><td>pH</td><td>pCO2</td><td>pO2</td><td>Na+</td><td>K+</td><td>Ca++</td><td>Cl-</td><td>Hct</td></tr><tr><td>Evaluation Method</td><td>Absolute difference</td><td>Percent Bias</td><td>Percent bias</td><td>Percent bias</td><td>Percent bias</td><td>Percent bias</td><td>Percent bias</td><td>Percent bias</td></tr><tr><td>Acceptance Criteria</td><td>&lt; 0.02 pH Units</td><td>&lt; 8%</td><td>&lt; 9%</td><td>&lt; 3%</td><td>&lt; 10%</td><td>&lt; 10%</td><td>&lt; 5%</td><td>&lt; 6%</td></tr></table>

The following table represents substances that were tested without significant effects on test results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 g/dL (added)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na, K+, Ca++, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid (Vitamin C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.02 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2, pO2, Na+, K+, Ca+, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzylkonium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na, K+, Ca++, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, Na+, K+, Cat, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.75 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, Na+, K+, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, Na+, K+, Ca++, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.12 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, Na+, K+, Ca++, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, Na+, Ca+, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin lithium salt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.76 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, Na+, K+, Ca++, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxybutyrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2, pO2, Na+, Ca+, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxyurea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182.52 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, Na+, K+, Ca++, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, Na+, K+, Ca++, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2, pO2, Na+, K+, Ca+, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.24 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, Na+, K+, Ca++, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, Na+, K+, Ca++, Cl, Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, Na+, K+, Ca++, Cl, Hct</td></tr></table>

The following table represents substances that were tested that demonstrated a significant interference on test results. The table includes the range of $\%$ bias (absolute difference for pH) that was calculated between the 7 replicates spiked and unspiked samples for each analyte.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurand</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfering Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConcentrationTested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood SampleValue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Absolute Differencein pH Units</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="18">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">20.01 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH:7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.034</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |0.02|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bromide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">185.20 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.027</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |0.02|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Calcium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">27.27 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |0.02|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.024</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">400 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.024</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |0.02|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Hematocrit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">20% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.022</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |0.02|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Heparin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">58.82 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |0.02|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.034</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Hydroxycarbamide(Hydroxyurea)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">182.52 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |0.02|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.031</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">lodide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">37.94 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |0.02|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.025</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Potassium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">59.64 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.036</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |0.02|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sodium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">117 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.024</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.021</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sodium Oxalate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">168 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |0.02|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 7.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.032</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurand</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfering Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConcentrationTested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood SampleValue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Difference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">pCO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">20.01 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2: 70 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.15%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO: 40 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |8%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">39.09 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2: 70 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.01%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2: 40 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |8%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">400 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO: 70 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.54%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO: 40 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|8%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">lodide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">37.94 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO: 70 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-10.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2: 40 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-8.69%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Potassium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">59.64 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO: 70 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.15%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2: 40 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |8%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bicarbonate (NaHCO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">294 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO: 70 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-18.40%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO: 40 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-17.44%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="14">pO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">39.09 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2: 100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |9%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2: 70 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-10.11%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Hematocrit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">20% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2: 100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|9%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2: 70 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.13%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Lactic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">90 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2: 100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|9%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2: 70 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.74%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">pCO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">60 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2: 100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |9%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2: 70 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.60%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Salicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">59.94 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2: 100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |9%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2: 70 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sodium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">117 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2: 100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;19%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2: 70 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.22%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bicarbonate (NaHCO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">294 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO: 100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-14.46%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2: 70 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |9%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurand</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfering Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood SampleValue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Difference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Na+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Calcium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">55.50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na+: 150 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.26%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na+: 130 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.99%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Dobutaminehydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">22.30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na+: 150 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|3%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na*: 130 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.62%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="16">K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">65.22 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K*: 5 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.21%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+: 3 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|10%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Dobutaminehydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">22.30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+: 5 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |10%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+: 3 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.97%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Hydroxybutyrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">208 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+: 5 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.28%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K*: 3 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.87%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">lodide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">37.94 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K*: 5 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |10%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K*: 3 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.20%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Lactic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">90 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+: 5 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.05%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K*: 3 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|10%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">pCO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">60 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+: 5 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.13%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+: 3 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|10%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Salicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">29.97 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K*: 5 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.54%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K*: 3 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|10%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bicarbonate (NaHCO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">294 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K*: 5 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.51%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K*: 3 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.31%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">Ca++</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Halothane</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">14.98 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca: 2 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|10%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca: 1 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.20%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Heparin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">58.82 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca: 2 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-12.68%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca: 1 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-14.06%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Magnesium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">47.61 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca: 2 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.91%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca: 1 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.86%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bicarbonate (NaHCO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">294 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca: 2 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-27.07%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca: 1 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-21.17%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Phosphate (NaH2PO4)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">24 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca: 2 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-12.14%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca+: 1 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-12.34%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sodium Oxalate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">168 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca: 2 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-94.16%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca: 1 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-86.21%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">39.09 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 110 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.72%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 90 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.11%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">3 g/dL (added)Approx. 8 g/dL (total)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 110 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.13%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 90 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.19%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bromide (NaBr)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">185.20 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 110 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 90 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.38%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Cl-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">lodide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">37.94 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 110 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-7.60%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 90 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-11.76%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Potassium Thiocyanate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">20.06 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 110 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.81%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 90 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.41%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Salicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">29.97 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 110 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.28%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 90 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.88%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bicarbonate (NaHCO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">294 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 110 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.72%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 90 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.79%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sodium Oxalate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">168 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 110 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.01%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl: 90 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.47%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="20">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">3 g/dL (added)approx. 8 g/dL (total)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 55% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.29%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 35% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.65%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bromide (NaBr)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">185.20 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 55% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|6%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 35% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-6.98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Calcium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">55.50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 55% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-7.23%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 35% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-6.13%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Dextran</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">3 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 55% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |6%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 35% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.24%.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Dobutaminehydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">22.30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 55% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|6%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 35% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.76%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">400 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 55% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |6%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 35% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-6.61%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Magnesium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">47.61 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 55% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-6.40%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 35% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-9.39%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Potassium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">59.64 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 55% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-6.27%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct: 35% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; |6%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sodium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">117 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|6%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-6.36%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bicarbonate (NaHCO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">58.8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;|6%|</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35% PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-7.72%</td></tr></table>

NOTES:

The addition of $5 0 , 0 0 0 \mathrm { \ : W B C \ : c u / m L }$ to a blood sample with $6 . 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 9 } \mathsf { W B C \ c u / m L }$ causes an increase in Hct %PCV measured by the EDAN i15 relative to spun hematocrit $\% \mathsf { P C V }$ by $4 . 4 3 \% \mathsf { P C V }$ (absolute) or $1 1 \%$ (relative) exceeding the Total Allowable Error defined in $\mathsf { C L I A ^ { \prime } 8 8 }$ .

Hemolysis will increase the potassium measurement on i15 system due to release of potassium from the red blood cells. When the amount of hemoglobin in plasma is increased by $5 0 0 ~ { \mathrm { m g / d L } }$ , the increase in $\mathsf { K } +$ measurement tested on i15 system is about $36 \%$ ；when the amount of hemoglobin in plasma is increased by $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , the increase in $\mathsf { K } +$ measurement tested on i15 system is about $2 9 \%$ .

f.  Determination of Detection Limits for ionized Calcium

Detection limits were determined by obtaining the standard deviation of sample measurements from repeated measurements of samples with a relevant low concentration. To determine LoB, zero level samples were prepared and measured on two EDAN i15 instruments with different lots of Test Cartridges and Calibrator Fluid Packs to obtain blank measurements $( N { = } 1 2 0 )$ . To determine the LoD and LoQ, whole blood samples with low levels of analyte (approximately 1 to $4 \times$ LoB) were measured on two instruments $( N { = } 1 2 0 )$ . The LoQ was determined based on the inter‐assay precision $( \% C \backslash I )$ . The limit of quantitation (LoQ) is based on an accuracy goal of $0 . 1 2 5 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ . The accuracy goal was met and therefore, the LoQ is equal to the LoD of 0.11 mmol/L. Results of the study are presented in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claimed Measurement Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lonized Calcium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11 mmol/L 0.11 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11 mmol/L 0.11 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - 2.50 mmol/L</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Clinical Site Testing

Studies were conducted at 4 Point‐of‐Care (POC) sites and 3 laboratory sites to demonstrate equivalence of performance of the EDAN i15 System in comparison to previously cleared test systems cleared for the same intended use. The POC sites included a respiratory medical care unit, two medical intensive care units, an anesthesia unit and a rapid‐response (STAT) lab, and employed tested by 11 persons fulfilling the minimum requirements for education and training to perform moderately complex testing in accordance with CLIA. Of these 11 persons, 10 had no prior blood gas testing experience. All testing was performed using quality control materials or discarded blood gas specimens.

a.    Imprecision/Reproducibility in Aqueous Quality Control Materials Each clinical site used to collect method comparison data, performed analysis of quality control (Blood Gas and Electrolyte Controls, and Hematocrit Controls) at the beginning and end of each testing day. The summary of imprecision from each site is provided in the table, below and demonstrate equivalence between POC and Laboratory test sites.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-Run SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunCV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between-Day SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BetweenDay CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalCV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LEVEL 1</td><td colspan="9" rowspan="1">Average of Four Point-of-Care Test Sites</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Blood GasandElectrolyteControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">121.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca++</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LEVEL 1</td><td colspan="9" rowspan="1">Average of Three Laboratory Test Sites</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Blood GasandElectrolyteControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca^+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-Run SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-RunCV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between-Day SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BetweenDay CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalCV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LEVEL 2</td><td colspan="9" rowspan="1">Average of Four Point-of-Care Test Sites</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Blood GasandElectrolyteControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.399</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca++</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LEVEL 2</td><td colspan="9" rowspan="1">Average of Three Laboratory Test Sites</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Blood GasandElectrolyteControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.402</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca++</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-RunCV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BetweenDay CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEVEL 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Average of Four Point-of-Care Test Sites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Blood GasandElectrolyteControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.583</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEVEL 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average of T</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Average of Three Laboratory Test Sites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Blood GasandElectrolyteControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.580</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr></table>

# b.    Method Comparison

In seven clinical sites (four POC and three laboratory) used for the evaluation of bias on patient samples, the protocol in CLSI Document EP09‐A3 Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples was applied in which each sample was measured in duplicate on both the EDAN i15 and its predicate device. All testing was performed using discarded patient samples collected into either B‐D Vacutainer lithium heparin tubes or B‐D balanced heparin arterial sampling syringes. Four POC sites and all LAB sites utilized the RapidPoint 400 as the comparator device and are combined for presentation below. Up to 4 data pairs for a single measurand were eliminated from this method comparison because values were outside claimed measurement range.

<table><tr><td colspan="11">EDAN vs Predicate</td></tr><tr><td>Measurand</td><td>Site</td><td>Nr.</td><td>range</td><td>claimed range</td><td>slope</td><td>intercept</td><td></td><td>std error</td><td>r-value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">pH</td><td>POC 1-4</td><td>257</td><td>6.826 - 7.675</td><td></td><td>1.0130</td><td>-0.0961</td><td></td><td>0.0218</td><td>0.9909</td></tr><tr><td>all LAB</td><td>228</td><td>6.531 - 7.791</td><td>6.500 - 7.800</td><td>1.0085</td><td>-0.0640</td><td>0.0208</td><td></td><td>0.9940</td></tr><tr><td>all Sites</td><td>488</td><td>6.531 -7.791</td><td>97%</td><td>1.0105</td><td>-0.0778</td><td></td><td>0.0213</td><td>0.9933</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">pCO2 mmHg</td><td>POC 1-4</td><td>257</td><td>18.0 - 144.8</td><td></td><td></td><td>1.0285</td><td>-1.5528</td><td>3.6695</td><td>0.9841</td></tr><tr><td>all LAB</td><td>226</td><td>10.9 - 144.9</td><td>10 - 150</td><td>0.9523</td><td>1.0417</td><td></td><td>3.3262</td><td>0.9916</td></tr><tr><td>all Sites</td><td>483</td><td>10.9 - 144.9</td><td>96%</td><td>0.9843</td><td>0.1813</td><td></td><td>3.6383</td><td>0.9879</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">pO2 mmHg</td><td>POC 1-4</td><td>257</td><td>17 - 585</td><td></td><td></td><td>1.0368</td><td>-4.1355</td><td>6.5734</td><td>0.9974</td></tr><tr><td>all LAB</td><td>229</td><td>10 - 661</td><td>10 - 700</td><td>1.0018</td><td></td><td>0.2151</td><td>6.9117</td><td>0.9989</td></tr><tr><td>all Sites</td><td>486</td><td>10 - 661</td><td>94%</td><td>1.0119</td><td>-1.0639</td><td></td><td>6.9830</td><td>0.9983</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Na+ mmol/L</td><td>POC 1-4</td><td>257</td><td>110 - 170</td><td></td><td>0.9787</td><td>2.5631</td><td></td><td>1.6065</td><td>0.9802</td></tr><tr><td>all LAB</td><td>229</td><td>101 - 180</td><td>100 - 180</td><td>0.9909</td><td></td><td>0.8032</td><td>1.5810</td><td>0.9952</td></tr><tr><td>all Sites</td><td>486</td><td>101 - 180</td><td>99%</td><td>0.9886</td><td>1.1358</td><td></td><td>1.5927</td><td>0.9923</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">K+ mmol/L</td><td>POC 1-4</td><td>257</td><td>2.4 - 9.0</td><td></td><td>0.9838</td><td>0.0250</td><td></td><td>0.0791</td><td>0.9968</td></tr><tr><td>all LAB</td><td>230</td><td>2.6 - 8.2</td><td>2.0 - 9.0</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>0.1181</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>all Sites</td><td>487</td><td>2.4 - 9.0</td><td>94%</td><td>0.9868 0.9895</td><td>0.0450 0.0164</td><td></td><td></td><td>0.9963 0.9968</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Cl mmol/L</td><td>POC 1-4</td><td>257</td><td>77 - 137</td><td></td><td>1.0188</td><td></td><td></td><td>0.1005 1.7342</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>all LAB</td><td></td><td>66 - 139</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>-2.2648</td><td></td><td>0.9821</td></tr><tr><td>all Sites</td><td>227 484</td><td>66 - 139</td><td>65 - 140 97%</td><td>1.0000 1.0012</td><td>0.2599 -0.1469</td><td></td><td>2.0765</td><td>0.9899 0.9875</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Ca++ mmol/L</td><td>POC 1-4</td><td></td><td>0.47 - 1.82</td><td></td><td>0.9568</td><td></td><td></td><td>1.9205</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>257</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>0.0428</td><td>0.0457</td><td>0.9695</td></tr><tr><td>all LAB all Sites</td><td>228 485</td><td>0.30 - 2.42</td><td>0.25 - 2.50</td><td>0.9919</td><td>0.0228</td><td></td><td>0.0416</td><td>0.9921</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Hct %</td><td>POC 1-4</td><td>257</td><td>0.30 - 2.42</td><td>94%</td><td>0.9848 0.9853</td><td>0.0200</td><td></td><td>0.0453 1.2295</td><td>0.9854 0.9891</td></tr><tr><td>all LAB</td><td>230</td><td>21 - 60 13 - 72</td><td>13 - 72</td><td></td><td></td><td>0.8173 0.6787</td><td>1.0990</td><td>0.9933</td></tr><tr><td>all Sites</td><td>487</td><td>13-72</td><td>100%</td><td>0.9842 0.9827</td><td>0.8306</td><td></td><td>1.1707</td><td>0.9917</td></tr></table>

# Traceability

The parameters measured and reported by the EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System, including the Calibrant Fluid Pack are calibrated and tested for release using primary and secondary standards traceable to NIST or other recognized standards (where no NIST standard is available or practical) as summarized below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffer Solution made with NIST HEPES SRM 2181 and 2182</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2, pO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIST traceable pure gases gravimetrically prepared</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na, Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIST SRM 919b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIST SRM 918b</td></tr><tr><td>Ca</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Hct</td><td>CLSI H7-A3 Procedure for Determining Packed Cell Volume by the Microhematocrit Method</td></tr></table>

# Stability and Value Assignment for Controls and Calibrant Fluid Pack

Stability / Shelf Life:

EDAN i15 Calibrant Fluid Pack – 12 month shelf‐life when stored unopened at ${ 2 } { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ $3 5 { \cdot } 4 6 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { F } )$ (avoid freezing) and 30 days after installation on the instrument or until expiration date is reached.

EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Electrolyte Controls – 36 months when stored at ${ 2 } { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ $3 5 { \cdot } 4 6 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { F } )$ (avoid freezing) including up to 9 months at $2 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } C$ $\left( 3 5 - 7 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } \right)$ or until expiration date is reached.

EDAN i15 Hematocrit Controls – 24 months when stored at $2 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } C$ $3 5 \mathrm { - } 7 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ or until expiration date is reached.

# Value Assignment

EDAN i15 Calibrant Fluid Pack   
Value assignment of the Calibrant Fluid Pack is performed by determination of measurement bias between the test lot and traceable reference standards or methods using reference   
instrumentation and three Calibrant Fluid Packs from the production batch. The bias for each measurand is applied to the value of the reference standard to determine the value assignment for the test lot.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.342</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p02 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++$(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl- (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct (%PCV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5%</td></tr></table>

NOTE:  These values are for example only. Actual values for each parameter are programmed in the bar code of a Calibrant Fluid Pack and may vary with the lot number of a Calibrant Fluid Pack.

#  EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control

Value assignment for each new lot of control solution is performed by parallel testing on existing and new lots to determine bias for each measurand. This bias is applied to the value assigned to the existing lot to determine acceptable values for the new lot.  Control solution testing is integrated into final release testing for all i15 instruments to ensure consistent performance across Calibrant Fluid Pack and Test Cartridge Lots.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 41526</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 41625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 41726</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.096 - 7.196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.361-7.461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.539-7.639</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.9-74.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.4-47.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.8-27.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.7- 89.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.5- 125.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126.1- 170.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.5-118.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126.5 - 136.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148.0 - 158.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47-2.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.87-4.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.67-6.87</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32-1.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01- 1.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47-0.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.6-78.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.1 - 100.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.5-128.5</td></tr></table>

EDAN i15 Hematocrit Control Value assignment for each new lot of control solution is performed by parallel testing on existing and new lots to determine bias for each measurand. This bias is applied to the value assigned to the existing lot to determine acceptable values for the new lot.  Control solution testing is integrated into final release testing for all i15 instruments to ensure consistent performance across Calibrant Fluid Pack and Test Cartridge Lots.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Hematocrit Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 43933</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 43931</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct, PCV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17-23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43-51</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

The information provided in this Premarket Notification [510(k)] supports a determination of substantial equivalence for the EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analysis System, including the EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Chemistry Analyzer, EDAN i15 Calibrator Fluid Pack, EDAN i15 Blood Gas and Electrolyte Control, and EDAN i15 Hematocrit Control.