NOVA BIOMEDICAL CORPORATION   
PAUL MACDONALD   
CHIEF QUALITY AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS OFFICER 200 PROSPECT ST.   
WALTHAM MA 02454

Re: K151982 Trade/Device Name: Stat Profile $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Prime ABG Analyzer System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1120 Regulation Name: Blood gases (PCO2, PO2) and blood pH test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CHL Dated: July 16, 2015 Received: July 17, 2015

Dear Paul Macdonald:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td colspan="2">DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 Indications for Use</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) k151982</td><td>See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Stat Profile® Prime ABG Analyzer System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Indications for Use (Describe)</td></tr></table>

The Stat rof rimeABGAnalyzer Sytem s tened onviodiagostic use yhealth care professials in clt n  i heparinized whole blood.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW

T bure t  olleconationtat verahours ens mvituns arheisti a sursheaian  a need cp evi olleon ationS cent ardigh urn tat othis information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

510(K) Owner: Nova Biomedical Corporation Registration Number: 1219029 Address: 200 Prospect St. Waltham, MA 02454 Phone: 781-894-0800 Fax Number: 784-891-4806 Contact Person: Paul W. MacDonald Date Prepared: August 14, 2015

Proprietary Name: Stat Profile® Prime ABG Analyzer

Common or Usual Name: Blood gases (PCO2, PO2) and blood pH Test System

Classification Name: Multiple

# Classification Names

Blood Gases and Blood pH system 75CHL 862.1120

Product Codes: CHL

Predicate Device:K142220 - Stat Profile® Prime ABG Analyzer System

Device Description:

The Stat Profile® Prime ABG Analyzer is a small, Iow cost blood gas analyzer for laboratory and point-of-care use. The sensors and flow path have been integrated into one replaceable microsensor card, which is replaced periodically according to usage. The product, consumables, installation instructions and packaging are designed for easy customer installation.

Whole blood specimens are aspirated into the analyzer's microsensor card from syringes, tubes, or capillary blood collection devices using a peristaltic pump and a sampling probe. The disposable microsensor card contains the analytical flow path and the measurement sensors (pH, PCO2, and PO2). Once the analysis measurement is complete, the whole blood specimen is automatically flushed out of the microsensor card flow path and into a self-contained waste collection bag contained within the disposable calibrator cartridge.

The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer has an enhanced test menu and multiple quality control options.Both traditional Internal and External liquid QC shall be offered, as well as an on-board Quality Management System (QMS), an electronic monitoring approach that insures the analyzer is working properly.

As with the predicate, the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer is microprocessor-based and incorporates:

traditional sensor technology to measure blood p02   
ion selective electrode technology to measure pH and pCO2

The following items are intended for use on the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer and were previously cleared on the predicate Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer System, k142220:

The Stat Profile Prime Auto QC Cartridge ABG is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of the Stat

Profile Prime ABG Analyzer.

The Stat Profile Prime Ampule Control ABG/CCS is a quality control material intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals for monitoring the performance of Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer.

The Stat Profile Prime Calibrator Cartridge ABG is intended for the calibration of pH, PCO2, and PO2 using the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer.

The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer accepts Lithium heparin whole blood sample from syringes, open tubes, small cups, and capillary tubes. The minimum sample size for both syringe and capillary samples analysis is 50 µL.

# Measured Parameters:

The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer measures pH, PCO2, and PO2.

Calculated Parameters:

pH, $P C O _ { 2 }$ , $P O _ { 2 }$ (corrected to patient temperature)   
Bicarbonate level $( H C O _ { 3 } - )$ Total Carbon Dioxide $( \mathsf { T C O } _ { 2 } )$   
Base Excess of the blood (BE-b)   
Base Excess of extracellular fluid (BE-ecf)   
Standard Bicarbonate Concentration (SBC) Oxygen Content $( \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } \mathsf { C } _ { 2 } ^ { \dagger } )$ Oxygen Capacity $( \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } \mathsf { C a p } )$ Alveolar Oxygen (A)   
Arterial Alveolar Oxygen Tension Gradient $( A a D O 2 )$ Arterial Alveolar Oxygen Tension Ratio (a/A)   
Respiratory Index (RI) $P O _ { 2 } / F 1 0 _ { 2 }$ ratio Oxygen Saturation $( \mathsf { S O } _ { 2 } \% )$

# Intended Use:

The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer is intended for in vitro diagnostic use by health care professionals in clinical laboratory settings and for point-of-care usage for the quantitative determination of pH, PCO2, and PO2 in heparinized whole blood.

PCO2, PO2, pH Whole blood measurement of blood gases is used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances in critically il patients with numerous metabolic and pulmonary diseases.

# Summary of the Technological Characteristics:

The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer System in intended use. It uses the same sensor technology and measurement algorithms for pH, ${ \mathsf { P C O } } _ { 2 } ,$ and ${ \mathsf { P O } } _ { 2 } ,$ and the formulations of the internal and external controls and the calibration cartridge are the same for the tested parameters.

# Summary of Performance Testing:

Bench testing was previousiy compieted to demonstrate that the Stat Profile Prime ABG Anaiyzer is substantially equivalent in performance, safety and efficacy in the predicate submission.

The bench testing included:

Method Comparison Studies Precision/Reproducibility Studies Run to Run Precision Within Run Precision

The results of that testing confirmed that the performance of the Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer is substantially equivalent to that of the Nova Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer System (predicate device).

# Summary of Point-of-Care Testing

A Point-of-Care study was conducted to demonstrate that the analyzer was safe and effective for use in the POC setting. The testing compared results obtained by trained Healthcare Professionals to results obtained by POC personnel on the same specimens using the same analyzer. The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer was evaluated by point-of-care (POC) personnel in 3 POC sites including a cardiovascular intensive care unit (CVICU), a medical intensive care unit (MICU) and a pulmonary care unit (PCU). A total of 35 respiratory therapy and 17 Nursing POC personnel participated from the 3 POC settings over the course of the study. The personnel represent trained, qualified staff found in typical POC sites where blood gas analyzers are utilizAll tet was peusi qualiy nol mateal  ar blo s specimens.

Combined method comparison data from all 3 POC settings is summarized in Tables 2-1 and 2-2.

Table 2-1: Prime ABG: POC v Trained Healthcare Professional (THP) - Syringe Mode   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole BloodRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.785 - 7.767</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3 - 193.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8 - 755.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td></tr></table>

Table 2-2: Prime ABG: POC v Trained Healthcare Professional (THP) - Capillary Mode   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole BloodRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.791 - 7.737</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 - 192.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.347</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1 - 672.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.761</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr></table>

# Total Imprecision Performance

The total imprecision data included in the following table was obtained from different POC site personnel running 3 levels of Stat Profile Prime External Quality Control material (Levels 1-3) in duplicate each day for a total of 20 runs on 3 Stat Profile Prime ABG analyzers. The protocol was based upon methods described in CLSI "Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline-Second edition," CLSI EP5-A2. The test data is representative of the expected total imprecision between analyzer performances obtainable by POC personnel using the Stat Profile Prime ABG analyzer using external quality control materials.

Table 2-3: Prime ABG: Total Imprecision Results - Combined - External Controls   
Point-of-Care Study - Stat Profile Prime External Quality Control Materials $N = 2 0$ runs)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PooledMean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within RunSD (Sr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalImprecisionSD (St)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalImprecision%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Combined Total Imprecision Data -Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.070</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Combined Total Imprecision Data - Level 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.367</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.041</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Combined Total Imprecision Dataa-Level 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.079</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.093</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr></table>

20   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Indication ForUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer System is intended for invitro diagnostic use by health care professionals in clinicallaboratory settings for the quantitative determination of pH,PCO2, and PO2 in heparinized whole blood.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Stat Profile Prime ABG Analyzer is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use by health care professionals in clinicallaboratory settings and for point-of-care usage for thequantitative determination of pH, PCO2, and PO inheparinized whole blood.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2, PO2, pH - Whole blood measurement of blood gases isused in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances in critically ill patients with numerousmetabolic and pulmonary diseases.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcceptableSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium heparinized whole blood from syringes, open tubes,small cups, and capillary tubes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volumes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50µL (syringe and capillary)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500-8.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 -200 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-765 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principles ofMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrogen ion-selective sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Severinghaus-type sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polarographic Clark-type sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EERGSNAAMAT</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Touch Screen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7&quot; VGA full color display with LED backlight and integratedtouch panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

20   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Characteristic K142220 - Stat Profile@ Prime ABG Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed: Stat Profile® Prime ABG Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully configurable test menu based on above sensors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bar CodeScanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Integrated 1D/2D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Printer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2&quot; Roll, Thermal Transfer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pump</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peristaltic Pump w/ Pressure Plate, TPE Tubing (PharmedBPT)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analog Board</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision low level analog front end w/ amperometricallyand potentiometric amplifiers, air detector circuitry andtemperature control circuitry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

20 20