August 6, 2015

SENDX MEDICAL INC.  
LASSE MOLLER  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALISTAAKANDEVEJ 21  
BROENSHOEJ 2700 DENMARK

Re: K151856 Trade/Device Name: ABL80 FLEX CO-OX with AQURE Connectivity Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1120 Regulation Name: Blood gases (PCO2, PO2) and blood pH test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CHL, JGS, CEM, JFP, CGZ, CGA, GKR, DQA, GHS, JPI Dated: July 3, 2015 Received: July 8, 2015

Dear Lasse Moller:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name ABL80 FLEX CO-OX with AQURE connectivity

Indications for Use (Describe) Intended Use:

The ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzer is a portable, automated analyzer that measures $\mathrm { p H }$ , blood gases, electrolytes, glucose, and oximetry in whole blood. The ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzer system is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient or point-ofcare setting.

Indications for use:

These tests are only performed under a physicians order:

pH, pO2,and pCO2, : pH, pCO2 and pO2 measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acidbase disturbances.

Potassium $\left( \mathrm { c K + } \right)$ : potassium measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

Sodium $\left( \mathrm { c N a + } \right)$ : sodium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison’s disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

Calcium $( \mathrm { c C a } 2 + )$ : calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bon diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.

Chloride (cCl-): chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such a cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

Glucose (cGlu): glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

otal Hemoglobin (ctHb): total hemoglobin measurements are used to measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood or the detection of anemia.

sO2: oxygen saturation, more specifically the ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plu reduced hemoglobin.

FO2Hb: oxyhemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin

FCOHb: carboxyhemoglobin measurements are used to determine the carboxyhemoglobin content of human blood as an aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning.

FMetHb: methemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

FHHb: reduced hemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Section 5. 510(k) Summary

# 1. Administrative

# Submitter

Company Name: ER Number: Address:

SenDx Medical Inc   
2027541   
1945 Palomar Oaks Way   
Carlsbad, CA 92011   
USA   
Vibeke Agerlin, Director of QA/RA   
$+ 1$ 760 930 6300   
$+ 1$ 760 930 6310   
Contact Person:   
Phone:   
Fax:

# Application Correspondent

Name: Function: E-mail: Phone: Fax:

Lasse Post Møller   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
lpm@radiometer.dk   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 3436   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 2727

# 2. Device description

# Device Information

Device Name: Common Name: Product Code: Code description: Regulation Number: Classification: Classification Panel:

ABL80 FLEX CO-OX with AQURE connectivity   
Blood gas analyzer   
CHL (JGS, CEM, JFP, CGZ, CGA, GKR, DQA, GHS, JPI)   
Blood gases and blood pH test system   
21 CFR 862.1120   
Class II   
Clinical Chemistry

The ABL80 FLEX CO-OX with AQURE connectivity is a portable, automated system intended for in vitro testing of samples of whole blood. The device is manufactured by SenDx Medical Inc, Carlsbad, CA, USA.

ABL80 FLEX CO-OX consists of an instrument with a sensor cassette and a solution pack as the main accessories. Multiple models of sensor cassettes and solution packs are available. The various sensor cassette models include models for the different parameter configurations.

Four measuring principles are employed in ABL80 FLEX analyzers.

Potentiometry: The potential of a sensor chain is recorded using a voltmeter, and related to the concentration of the sample (the Nernst equation).   
Amperometry: The magnitude of an electrical current flowing through a sensor chain is proportional to the concentration of the substance being oxidized or reduced at an electrode in the chain.   
Conductometry: Specific impedance of a sample as measured by two conducting electrodes held at a constant voltage is directly proportional to the conductive properties of that sample.   
Spectrophotometry: Light passes through a cuvette containing a hemolyzed blood sample. The specific wavelengths absorbed and their intensity generates an absorption spectrum used to calculate oximetry parameters. This measuring principle is used in the ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzer only.

# 3. Device Modification

The modification consists of integration with the Data Management software called AQURE system. The software enables the initiation of device actions on connected ABL80 FLEX analyzers.

# 4. Intended Use

The ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzer is a portable, automated analyzer that measures pH, blood gases, electrolytes, glucose, and oximetry in whole blood. The ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzer system is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient or point-of-care setting.

Indications for use:

These tests are only performed under a physicians order:   
pH, pO2,and pCO2, : pH, pCO2 and pO2 measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.   
Potassium $( \mathsf { c K } + )$ : potassium measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.   
Sodium $\left( \mathsf { C N a } \mathsf { + } \right)$ : sodium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of   
aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison’s disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.   
Calcium $( \mathsf { c C a 2 + } )$ : calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of   
parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.   
Chloride (cCl-): chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such a cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.   
Glucose (cGlu): glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.   
Total Hemoglobin (ctHb): total hemoglobin measurements are used to measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood for the detection of anemia.   
sO2: oxygen saturation, more specifically the ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus reduced hemoglobin.   
FO2Hb: oxyhemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin FCOHb: carboxyhemoglobin measurements are used to determine the carboxyhemoglobin content of human blood as an aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning. FMetHb: methemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.   
FHHb: reduced hemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

# 5. Substantial Equivalence

The modified ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzer is substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, features, and characteristics to the predicate (K080370).

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(K080370)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzer is a portable,automated analyzer that measures pH, blood gases,electrolytes, glucose, and oximetry in whole blood. TheABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzer system is intended for useby trained technologists, nurses, physicians andtherapists. It is intended for use in a laboratoryenvironment, near patient or point-of-care setting.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood GasMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH, pCO by potentiometry,pO by amperometry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ElectrolyteMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cK+, cNa+, cCa²+, cCl by potentiometry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MetaboliteMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cGlu by amperometry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OximetryMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ctHb, sO2, FO2Hb, FHHb, FCOHb, FMetHb byspectrophotometry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-Point liquid calibration at configured intervals, tHbcalibration every 90 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Computerspecifications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microsoft Windows®XP Embedded operating systemMinimum 1 GB hard driveETX single board CPUMinimum 512 MB EDO-RAM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Introduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspiration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfaces</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.4" color TFT-LCD, resolution 800 x 600 SVGA Touchscreen, Barcode reader, Serial line RS232, RJ45,Ethernet port, 2 USB 1.1, PS2 keyboard</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software version</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software version 3.12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(K080370)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">AQURE system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data management software (MDDS)functionality:Remote display of test resultsReceival of data from connecteddevices at the point-of-care orlaboratory•   Transfer of test results to theHIS/LISCentralized operatoradministration - Transmission ofoperator data to ABL80 FLEX CO-OXRemote approval of patient results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer functionalities are:•  Local display of test resultsDirect transfer of test results tothe HIS/LISLocal Operator Administration atthe analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remote initiation of the followingdevice actions on ABL80 FLEX CO-OXfrom AQURE system:System CycleRinseLock/Unlock analyzerLock/Unlock parameterSet analyzer messageEnter/Exit standby2 point calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Local initiation of device actionsthrough device touch screeninterface</td></tr></table>

# 6. Registration history

ABL80 FLEX was originally cleared with K051804 (measures pH, blood gases, electrolytes, glucose, hematocrit (ABL80 FLEX analyzer only), and then modified in K080370 with the addition of an oximetry Module - a configuration of the analyzer adding the oximetry parameters ctHb, sO2, and the hemoglobin fractions FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb, and FHHb.

# 7. Performance Data

Remote functionality was verified and validated on both ABL80 FLEX and ABL80 FLEX CO-OX analyzers, and the acceptance criteria was met.

No performance characteristics are affected by the change. The performance data submitted in the original submission (K051804 as modified by K080370) still apply.

# 8. Summary of Design Control activities

We conducted an FMEA risk analysis and mitigated all identified hazards to an acceptable level as per ISO 14971, and verified software mitigations by using test protocols. Results met predefined acceptance criteria.

# 9. Conclusion

The ABL80 FLEX CO-OX with AQURE connectivity described above is substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, safety, effectiveness and characteristics to the predicate ABL80 Flex CO-OX (K080370). Implementation of the change design control principles (risk management, verification and validation) have been applied which indicated that the modification is of no impact to the performance of the device.