Re: K151611 Trade/Device Name: OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, LFR Dated: November 17, 2015 Received: November 20, 2015

Dear Niki Skelly:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary (as required by section 807.92(c))

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sponsor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LifeScan Europe, a Division of Cilag GmbH InternationalGubelstrasse 34Zug, Switzerland 6300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Niki Skelly, Regulatory Affairs ConsultantLifeScan Scotland Ltd.Beechwood Park NorthInverness, IV2 3EDUnited KingdomPhone: +44(0) 1463 721652Mobile : +44(0) 7818 523098e-mail: nskelly@its.jnj.comAlternate 510(k) Contact:Alison Wilson, Regulatory Affairs Project ManagerLifeScan Scotland LtdBeechwood Park NorthInverness, IV2 3EDUnited KingdomPhone: +44 01463 721256Mobile: +44 (0) 7900 168332Fax: +44 (0)1463 722000e-mail: awilson4@its.jnj.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>December 11th 2015</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Meters and OneTouch UltraPlus Test Strips are Class II devices (21 CFR § 862.1345), ProductCode NBW, LFR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring Systemconsists of the OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Meter,OneTouch Ultra Plus Test Strips, OneTouch Ultra Plus Level 3 andLevel 4 Control Solutions, Lancing Device and Sterile Lancets. The</td></tr></table>

LifeScan Europe, a Div. of Cilag GmbH International

Page 1 of 15

# Part 2 510K Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System measuresthe glucose content of a blood sample by means of an electrical currentproduced in the test strip and sent to the meter for measurement.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OneTouch® Verio™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K131363,Cleared 30th August 2013)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System isintended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar)in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip. TheOneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System isintended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared.The OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System isintended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) bypeople with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness ofdiabetes control. The OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is not to be used for the diagnosis of or screening ofdiabetes, or for neonatal use.The OneTouch Ultra Plus Test Strips are for use with the OneTouchUltra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucosedrawn from the fingertips.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison toPredicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Subject device is different from the predicate device in thefollowing aspects:Meter:Ergonomic/physical design: Changes to size, shape and colorElectronic/hardware: Modified Strip Port Connector andaddition of wireless communications facilitySoftware/Firmware changes: Modified Blood GlucoseAlgorithm and addition of a range indicator software featureLabelling:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LifS  Du                of Cilag GmbH International                                     Page 2 of 15</td></tr></table>

LifeScan Europe, a Div. of Cilag GmbH International

Page 2 of 15

Part 2 510K Summary

Traditional 510(k)

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">O New branding and Instructions for Use for Meter, Test Strips and Control Solutions Strip: O Change to color of spacer layer O Laser line on left strip leg to align with new Strip Port Connector The only change to the Control Solutions cleared for use with the predicate OneTouch® Verio™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System 510(k) (K131363) as OneTouch Verio Control Solutions Level 3 (Mid) and</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Level 4 (High) is that a new brand name of OneTouch Ultra Plus Level 3 (Mid) and Level 4 (High) Control Solutions will be used to align branding with the new system; the formula is identical to the cleared Control Solution. The OneTouch Verio Control Solutions will continue to be marketed with the associated cleared BGMS. There have been no changes to the intended use, operating principle or scientific technology.</td></tr><tr><td>Technological Characteristics</td><td colspan="2">There has been no change to the fundamental scientific technology, which is amperometric detection. The operating principle remains electrochemical reaction.</td></tr><tr><td>Summary of Performance Characteristics</td><td colspan="2">The OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System (meter, strips, and control solutions) was designed and tested in accordance with ISO 15197:2013(E). Analytical performance testing included interference, system accuracy, repeatability, intermediate precision and linearity testing. A user performance evaluation assessed accuracy of results and usability of the device in the hands of intended users. The OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System performed similarly to both the predicate device and a laboratory reference method, the Yellow Springs Instrument (YSI).</td></tr></table>

OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Interference Performance

The maximum allowed concentration of every potentially interfering substance was tested in a study (i.e. the highest concentration tested that would not compromise system response of the OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex System). Samples with 2 levels of glucose 70 and $3 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ were tested by spiking with potentially interfering substances at 4 concentrations, each sample was analyzed by the OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex meter. Test results of the spiked samples were compared with results from control samples without potential interfering substances and the difference between the 2 samples was calculated. The results in the table below are within $\leq 1 0 \%$ of the control sample.

Part 2 510K Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MaximumAllowedConcentration(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Does the Maximum AllowedConcentration exceed the HighNormal/TherapeuticEndogenous Concentration?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.892</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>794.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentisic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glutathione</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>237.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Icodextrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1241.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

LifeScan Europe, a Div. of Cilag GmbH International Page 4 of 15

# Confidential and Proprietary Information

OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MaximumAllowedConcentration(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Does the Maximum AllowedConcentration exceed the HighNormal/TherapeuticEndogenous Concentration?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Dopa (Levo-Dopa)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maltose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>363.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M-Dopa (Methyl-Dopa)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pralidoxime Iodide (PAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OneTouch UltraPlus Flex BloodGlucoseMonitoringsystem not to beused withpatientsundergoingPAM treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NoOneTouch Ultra Plus FlexSMBG system is not to be usedwith patients undergoing PAMtreatment: Caution included inproduct labelling4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tolazamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tolbutamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3431.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MaximumAllowedConcentration(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Does the Maximum AllowedConcentration exceed the HighNormal/TherapeuticEndogenous Concentration?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xylose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NoOneTouch Ultra Plus FlexSMBG system is not to be usedwith patients undergoing xyloseabsorption treatment:Caution included in productlabelling</td></tr></table>

Based on the results in this table, interferent limitations identified in labeling are noted below 1 2 3 4   
, , , .

1 Uric acid at concentrations greater than $\mathrm { 8 m g / d L }$ can interfere with glucose measurements.

2 Drugs containing acetaminophen (e.g Tylenol etc.) or Dopamine at doses higher than the recommended high therapeutic level, may result in inaccurate readings from the OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex™ blood glucose monitoring system.

3 The OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used within 24 hours of receiving a D-xylose absorption test as it may cause inaccurately high results.

4 The OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex™ Meter should not be used when PAM (Pralidoxime) is known or suspected to be in the whole blood sample.

OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Method Comparison Performance

A study evaluating the glucose values from the OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System (obtained by healthcare professional fingersick samples from diabetic subjects) and compared to the glucose results obtained by the recognized glucose reference method (YSI 2300) from 113 subjects showed the following results:

NOTE: first test sample data is presented here.

# Method Comparison Results for Glucose Concentrations $< 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Percent (and number) of meter results that match the YSI reference

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.7%(43/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%%(57/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison Results for Glucose Concentrations $\geq 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Percent (and number) of meter results that match the YSI reference

System Accuracy Results for Glucose concentrations across the glucose range: Percent (and number) of meter results that match the YSI reference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.3%(171/279)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6%(250/279)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%(275/279)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(279/279)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Within ±10 mg/dL (±0.83 mmol/L) or ±15%</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>97.9%</td></tr><tr><td>(332/339)</td></tr></table>

A linear regression ananlysis of the method comparison study indicates that the OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System compared well to the laboratory reference instrument (YSI analyzer). Comparison of the OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System (subject device) and OneTouch Verio Blood Glucose Monitoring System (predicate device), based on the difference between the proportions of results within $\pm 1 0 \mathrm { m g / d l }$ or $\pm 1 5 \%$ of the corresponding reference values,indicates that the subject device and the predicate device are substantially equivalent.

LifeScan Europe, a Div. of Cilag GmbH International

Page 7 of 15

Part 2 510K Summary

Traditional 510(k)

OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Regression Statistics for the Subject and Predicate Device compared to YSI   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BGMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Participants/tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept[95% CI](mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Std.Error(Sy.x)(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{2$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OneTouchVerio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98[0.96 to 1.00]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.86[1.10 to 8.61]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OneTouchUltra PlusFlex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113113113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02[1.00 to 1.05]0.99[0.97 to 1.01]1.01[0.99 to 1.02]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.16[-6.66 to 2.33]-1.54[-5.37 to 2.30]-2.33[-5.94 to 1.27]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.710.810.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990.990.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>339</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01[1.00 to 1.02]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.01[-4.35 to 0.33]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr></table>

Table above reflects regression limits of 15mg/dL $<$ 75mg/dl and $\%$ results within $I 5 \% \geq 7 5 m g / d L$

# Lay User Performance Evaluation

A study to validate the accuracy performance of the OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System in the hands of the user was conducted. A comparison of the Lay User OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System fingertip results compared to glucose results obtained on the recognized glucose reference method (YSI 2300 STAT PLUS glucose analyzer) are summarized below. Glucose values from fingertip capillary blood samples obtained by 169 lay persons showed the following results:

# Subject Fingertip Results for Glucose Concentrations $< 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Percent (and number) of meter results that match the YSI reference

Part 2 510K Summary   

<table><tr><td>Within ±5 mg/dL</td><td>Within ±10 mg/dL</td><td>Within ±15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>75.0%</td><td>90.0%</td><td>95.0%</td></tr><tr><td>(15/20)</td><td>(18/20)</td><td>(19/20)</td></tr></table>

LifeScan Europe, a Div. of Cilag GmbH International Page 8 of 15

# Confidential and Proprietary Information

Traditional 510(k)

OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Subject Fingertip Results for Glucose Concentrations $\geq 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Percent (and number) of meter results that match the YSI reference

<table><tr><td>Within ±5%</td><td>Within ±10%</td><td>Within ±15%</td><td>Within ±20%</td></tr><tr><td>63.1%</td><td>88.6%</td><td>96.0%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td>(94/149)</td><td>(132/149)</td><td>(143/149)</td><td>(149/149)</td></tr></table>

# Subject Results for Glucose concentrations across the glucose range:

Percent (and number) of meter results that match the YSI reference

<table><tr><td>Within ± 10mg/dL or ± 15%</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>95.3%</td></tr><tr><td>(161/169)</td></tr></table>

OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Precision (Repeatability)

Within Run Precision (300 Venous Blood Samples Tested per glucose level)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Deviation(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coefficient ofVariation (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>382.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>641.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.11</td></tr></table>

Results show that the greatest variability observed between test strips when tested with blood is $1 . 8 9 \mathrm { m g / d l }$ SD or less at glucose levels less than $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d l }$ , or $2 . 1 3 \%$ or less at glucose levels at $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d l }$ or above

OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Total Precision (Intermediate Precision)

(600 Control Solution Tests)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose LevelRanges(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Deviation(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coefficient ofVariation (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Very Low (0-24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low (25 - 49)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid (102  138)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High (298 - 403)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Very High (446-604)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.42</td></tr></table>

# System Accuracy performance in accordance with ISO 15197:2013(E)

Accuracy of the subject device was analysed and assessed in compliance with the product design requirements in accordance with the requirements of ISO 15197:2013(E) Clause 6.3 System Accuracy and Clause 8 User Performance Evaluation.

# System Accuracy in compliance with ISO 15197:2013(E) Clause 6.3:

A study was conducted to evaluate glucose values from fingertip capillary blood samples obtained by healthcare professionals from 100 subjects in accordance with the glucose ranges required by ISO15197:2013 Clause 6.3.5. The analysis showed the following results: $100 \%$ for all 3 test strip lots within $\pm 1 5 \mathrm { m g / d l }$ of the medical laboratory values at glucose concentrations below $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $100 \%$ , $9 8 . 6 \%$ , $9 7 . 8 \%$ within $\pm 1 5 \%$ of the medical laboratory values at glucose concentrations at or above $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# Confidential and Proprietary Information

OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# System Accuracy Results for Glucose Concentrations $\bf { < 1 0 0 m g / d L }$

Percent (and number) of meter results that match the YSI reference

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip Lot Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.3%(38/62)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.9%(57/62)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(62/62)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.0%(44/62)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%(60/62)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(62/62)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.1%(41/62)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5%(58/62)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(62/62)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled Results for Lots A-C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.1%(123/186)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.1%(175/186)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(186/186)</td></tr></table>

# System Accuracy Results for Glucose Concentrations $\geq 1 0 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Percent (and number) of meter results that match the YSI reference

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip Lot Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.9%(91/138)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.0%(127/138)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(138/138)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.9%(84/138)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%(128/138)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%(136/138)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.4%(93/138)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5%(129/138)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%(135/138)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled Results for LotsA-C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.7%(268/414)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%(384/414)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%(409/414)</td></tr></table>

# System accuracy results across the glucose range tested: concentrations between 36.7 to 507.3 mg/dL

Percent (and number) of meter results that match the YSI reference

Page 12 of 15   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip Lot Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15mg/dL or ±15%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(200/200)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%(198/200)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%(197/200)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled Results for A-C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%(595/600)</td></tr></table>

LifeScan Europe, a Div. of Cilag GmbH International

Part 2 510K Summary

# Confidential and Proprietary Information

Traditional 510(k)

OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System

NOTE: Where $3 6 . 7 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ represents the lowest glucose reference value and $5 0 7 . 3 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ represents the highest glucose reference value (YSI value).

# User Performance Evaluation in compliance with ISO 15197:2013(E) Clause 8

A study to validate the accuracy performance of the OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System in the hands of the Lay User in accordance with ISO 15197:2013(E) Clause 8 was performed. A comparison of the Lay User OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System fingertip results to the glucose results obtained on the recognized glucose reference method (YSI 2300 STAT PLUS glucose analyzer) are summarized below: Glucose values from fingertip capillary blood samples obtained by 166 lay persons showed the following results:

$9 6 . 8 \%$ within $\pm 1 5 \mathrm { m g / d l }$ of the glucose reference (YSI) values at glucose concentrations below $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $9 7 . 0 \%$ within $\pm 1 5 \%$ of the medical laboratory values at glucose concentrations at or above $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

$9 7 . 0 \%$ of the total number of samples across the entire glucose range were within $\pm 1 5 \mathrm { m g / d l }$ or $\pm 1 5 \%$ of the medical laboratory values.

# Subject Fingertip Results for Glucose Concentrations $\bf { < 1 0 0 m g / d L }$

Percent (and number) of meter results that match the YSI reference

<table><tr><td>Within ±5 mg/dL</td><td>Within ±10 mg/dL</td><td>Within ±15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>71.0%</td><td>87.1%</td><td>96.8%</td></tr><tr><td>(22/31)</td><td>(27/31)</td><td>(30/31)</td></tr></table>

OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Subject Fingertip Results for Glucose Concentrations $\geq 1 0 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Percent (and number) of meter results that match the YSI reference

<table><tr><td>Within ±5%</td><td>Within ±10%</td><td>Within ±15%</td></tr><tr><td>65.2%</td><td>89.6%</td><td>97.0%</td></tr><tr><td>(88/135)</td><td>(121/135)</td><td>(131/135)</td></tr></table>

Results for Glucose concentrations across the glucose range: Percent (and number) of meter results that match the YSI reference   

<table><tr><td>Within ±15 mg/dL (±0.83 mmol/L) or ±15%</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>97.0% (161/166)</td></tr></table>

OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Summary

Design verification and validation testing confirmed that the performance, safety, and effectiveness of the OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System were met against all design input specifications and the system can be considered substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device. The OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex System also meets the requirements of ISO15197:2013 and applicable recognized electrical and safety standards including FCC requirements.

# Conclusions

The OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent in its intended use, performance, safety, effectiveness and underlying scientific and operating principles to the predicate, the OneTouch® Verio™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K131363).

OneTouch Ultra Plus Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System