POLYMER TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS, INC.   
MARGO ENRIGHT   
DIRECTOR OF REGULATORY AND CLINICAL AFFAIRS 7736 ZIONSVILLE ROAD   
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46268

Re: k151545 Trade/Device Name: Cardiochek Plus Test System, Cardiochek Home Test System, Cardiochek PA Test System, Cardiochek PA Home Test System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1175 Regulation Name: Cholesterol (total) test system Regulatory Class: I, meets the limitation of exemption 21 CFR 862.9(c)(4) Product Code: CHH, LBR, JGY Dated: July 27, 2016 Received: July 29, 2016

Dear Ms. Enright:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Ms. Enright

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

for: Courtney H. Lias Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name CardioChek Home Test System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The CardioChek Home Test System (consisting of the CardioChek Home analyzer and CardioChek Home Lipid Panel test strips) is for the quantitative determination of total cholesterol, HDL (high density ltecolesterolnrgycerieapillaryholoooegeriantende by a single person and should not be shared. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

Cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.   
• HDL (lipoprotein) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid disorders (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases.   
• Triglycerides measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus, nephrosis, liver obstruction, other diseases involving lipid metabolism or various endocrine disorders.

A Chol/HDL ration and estimated values for LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol are calculated by the CardioChek Home Analyzer.

# PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE  CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

Device Name CardioChek Plus Test System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The CardioChek Plus Test System (consisting of the CardioChek Plus analyzer and PTS Panels Lipid Panel test strips) is for the quantitative determination of total cholesterol, HDL (high density lipoprotein) cholesterol and triglycerides in venous whole blood and capillary whole blood from the fingertip and is intended for multiple patient use in professional healthcare settings. This system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

• Cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.   
• HDL (lipoprotein) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid disorders (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases.   
• Triglycerides measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus, nephrosis, liver obstruction, other diseases involving lipid metabolism or various endocrine disorders.

A Chol/HDL ration and estimated values for LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol are calculated by the CardioChek Plus Analyzer.

# PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

Device Name CardioChek PA Test System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The CardioChek PA Test System (consisting of the CardioChek PA analyzer and PTS Panels Lipid Panel test strips) is for the quantitative determination of total cholesterol, HDL (high density lipoprotein) cholesterol and triglycerides in venous whole blood and capillary whole blood from the fingertip and is intended for multiple patient use in professional healthcare settings. This system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

• Cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.   
0 HDL (lipoprotein) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid disorders (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases.   
• Triglycerides measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus, nephrosis, liver obstruction, other diseases involving lipid metabolism or various endocrine disorders.

A Chol/HDL ration and estimated values for LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol are calculated by the CardioChek PA Analyzer.

# PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE  CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

Device Name CardioChek PA Home Test System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The CardioChek PA Home Test System (consisting of the CardioChek PA Home analyzer and CardioChek Home Lipid Panel test strips) is for the quantitative determination of total cholesterol, HDL (high density lptecholesterol nrigyceride apillarywholbloofomengeriantende u by a single person and should not be shared. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

Cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.   
• HDL (lipoprotein) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid disorders (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases.   
• Triglycerides measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus, nephrosis, liver obstruction, other diseases involving lipid metabolism or various endocrine disorders.

A Chol/HDL ration and estimated values for LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol are calculated by the CardioChek PA Home Analyzer.

# PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE  CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

# SECTION 5: 510(k) SUMMARY- K151545

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in compliance with 21CFR 807.92.

December 5, 2016

1. Submitter Information/Facility Address:   
Polymer Technology Systems, Inc. 7736   
Zionsville Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46268

2. Contact Person: Margo Enright,RAC Phone Number: 317-870-5610 x1012 Email: menright@ptsdiagnostics.com

# Trade Names:

CardioChek Plus Test System This includes: CardioChek Plus analyzer PTS Panels Lipid Panel test strips

CardioChek Home Test System

This includes:

CardioChek Home analyzer CardioChek Home Lipid Panel test strips

CardioChek PA Test System

This includes:

•CardioChek PA analyzer PTS Panels Lipid Panel test strips

CardioChek PA Home Test System

This includes:

CardioChek PA Home analyzer CardioChek Home Lipid Panel test strips

# 4Regulatory Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I, meets the limitation ofexemption 21 CFR 862.9(c)(4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1175 Cholesterol(Total) test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry (75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LBR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I, meets the limitation ofexemption 21 CFR 862.9(c)(4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1475 Lipoproteintest system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry (75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I, meets the limitation ofexemption 21 CFR 862.9(c)(4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1705 Triglyceridetest system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry (75)</td></tr></table>

# 5Device Description:

The PTS Panels Lipid Panel test strips and the CardioChek Home Lipid Panel test strips are used with the CardioChek Plus, CardioChek PA, CardioChek Home and CardioChek PA Home analyzers to measure total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol and triglycerides in whole blood. The test strips utilize enzymatic methods on a dry strip that is read by reflectance photometry. These test strips are for in vitro diagnostic use only.

# Intended Use:

The CardioChek Plus Test System (consisting of the CardioChek Plus analyzer and PTS Panels Lipid Panel test strips) is for the quantitative determination of total cholesterol, HDL (high density lipoprotein) cholesterol and triglycerides in venous whole blood and capillary whole blood from the fingertip and is intended for multiple patient use in professional healthcare settings. This system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

Cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.   
HDL (lipoprotein) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid disorders (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases.   
Triglycerides measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus, nephrosis, liver obstruction, other diseases involving lipid metabolism or various endocrine disorders.

A Chol/HDL ratio and estimated values for LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol are calculated by the CardioChek Plus Analyzer.

The CardioChek Home Test System (consisting of the CardioChek Home analyzer and CardioChek Home Lipid Panel test strips) is for the quantitative determination of total cholesterol, HDL (high density lipoprotein) cholesterol and triglycerides in capillary whole blood from the fingertip and is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

Cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.   
HDL (lipoprotein) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid disorders (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases.   
Triglycerides measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus, nephrosis, liver obstruction, other diseases involving lipid metabolism or various endocrine disorders.

A Chol/HDL ratio and estimated values for LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol are calculated by the CardioChek Home Analyzer.

The CardioChek PA Test System (consisting of the CardioChek PA analyzer and PTS Panels Lipid Panel test strips) is for the quantitative determination of total cholesterol, HDL (high density lipoprotein) cholesterol and triglycerides in venous whole blood and capillary whole blood from the fingertip and is intended for multiple patient use in professional healthcare settings. This system should only be used with single-use, auto- disabling lancing devices. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

Cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders. HDL (lipoprotein) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid disorders (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases. − Triglycerides measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus, nephrosis, liver obstruction, other diseases involving lipid metabolism or various endocrine disorders.

A Chol/HDL ratio and estimated values for LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol are calculated by the CardioChek PA Analyzer.

The CardioChek PA Home Test System (consisting of the CardioChek PA Home analyzer and CardioChek Home Lipid Panel test strips) is for the quantitative determination of total cholesterol, HDL (high density lipoprotein) cholesterol and triglycerides in capillary whole blood from the fingertip and is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

Cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.   
HDL (lipoprotein) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid disorders (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases.   
Triglycerides measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus, nephrosis, liver obstruction, other diseases involving lipid metabolism or various endocrine disorders.

A Chol/HDL ratio and estimated values for LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol are calculated by the CardioChek PA Home Analyzer.

# 7. Reason for Traditional510(k):

Change in the measuring range (dynamic range) for the HDL cholesterol analyte of the Lipid Panel test strips to $2 0 { - } 1 2 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ (0.52-3.11 mmol/L).

# 8. STATEMENT OF SUBSTANTIAL EOUIVALENCE:

The Lipid Panel test strips will be marketed as PTS Panels Lipid Panel test strips and CardioChek Home Lipid Panel test strips. They are substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Lipid Panel test strips (predicate).

# 9. Predicate Device Information:

# Predicate

Name: CardioChek Plus Test System and CardioChek Home Test System Device Company: Polymer Technology Systems, Inc. (PTS) 510(k) Number: K140068

Name: CardioChek Test System   
Device Company: Polymer Technology Systems, Inc. (PTS)   
510(k) Number: K023558

# 10. Similarities and Differences (Lipid Panel current and Lipid Panelnew):

# Similarities

The test strips are the same test strips currently marketed. The test strips are intended for both prescription and OTC use (professional and home use). Both test strips require a lot specific memory chip for result calculation, which are included in the same package with the test strips   
The measuring range for the total cholesterol is $1 0 0 { - } 4 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$   
The measuring range for the triglycerides is $5 0 { - } 5 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$

# Difference

The only difference is in the measuring (dynamic) range for the HDL cholesterol. The HDL cholesterol measuring range is changed to $2 0 { - } 1 2 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ HDL cholesterol. This is accomplished by programming the lot specific memory chip with calibration parameters for the modified range.

# 1 Summary of Performance Testing:

# Accuracy

Results of an accuracy study comparing whole blood HDL cholesterol on PTS Panels/CardioChek Home Lipid Panel test strips on the CardioChek PA/CardioChek PA Home and the CardioChek Plus/CardioChek Home analyzers to the Roche Cobas Integra 400 plus HDL Cholesterol (reference) are summarized below.

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Lipid Panel HDL Cholesterol vs. Reference by analyzer</td></tr><tr><td>CardioChek Plus Home</td><td>CardioChek Plus</td><td>CardioChek PA</td><td>CardioChek PA Home</td></tr><tr><td>n = 80 samples</td><td>n = 80 samples</td><td>n = 80 samples</td><td>n = 80 samples</td></tr><tr><td>y= 0.99x+0.55</td><td>y= 0.99x+0.55</td><td>y = 0.93x+0.98</td><td>y= 0.93x+0.98</td></tr><tr><td>r = 0.98</td><td>r = 0.98</td><td>r = 0.98</td><td>r = 0.98</td></tr></table>

Range of samples tested: 21 to $1 1 2 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ HDL cholesterol

# Precision

HDL Cholesterol (Multiple operators, analyzers, time periods): Using a lot of Lipid Panel test strips with an extended HDL dynamic range, three operators tested three levels of whole blood samples on five analyzers (CardioChek PA/CardioChek PA Home and CardioChek Plus/ CardioChek Home) for HDL cholesterol over three time periods with the results that follow.

<table><tr><td>CardioChek PA HDL No. of Observations (n)</td><td>Level 1 80 38.3</td><td>Level 2 80 62.4</td><td>Level 3 80 106.0</td></tr><tr><td>Mean (mg/dL) Std. Deviation (mg/dL)</td><td>1.65 4.3</td><td>2.26 3.6</td><td>4.2 4.0</td></tr><tr><td>Coefficient of Variation (%) CardioChek PA Home HDL</td><td>Level 1</td><td>Level 2</td><td>Level 3</td></tr><tr><td>No. of Observations (n)</td><td>80</td><td>80</td><td>80</td></tr><tr><td>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td>38.3</td><td>62.4</td><td>106.0</td></tr><tr><td>Std. Deviation (mg/dL)</td><td>1.65</td><td>2.26</td><td>4.2</td></tr><tr><td>Coefficient of Variation (%)</td><td>4.3</td><td>3.6</td><td>4.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Level 1</td><td>Level 2</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>CardioChek Plus HDL</td><td>80</td><td>80</td><td>Level 3</td></tr><tr><td>No. of Observations (n)</td><td></td><td></td><td>78</td></tr><tr><td>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td>39.5</td><td>63.3</td><td>108.3</td></tr><tr><td>Std. Deviation (mg/dL)</td><td>1.63</td><td>2.66</td><td>5.24</td></tr><tr><td>Coefficient of Variation (%)</td><td>4.1</td><td>4.2</td><td>4.8</td></tr><tr><td>CardioChek Home HDL</td><td>Level 1</td><td>Level 2</td><td>Level 3</td></tr><tr><td>No. of Observations (n)</td><td>80</td><td>80</td><td>78</td></tr><tr><td>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td>39.5</td><td>63.3</td><td>108.3</td></tr><tr><td>Std. Deviation (mg/dL)</td><td>1.63</td><td>2.66</td><td>5.24</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>4.1</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Coefficient of Variation (%)</td><td></td><td>4.2</td><td>4.8</td></tr></table>

# 12. Conclusion:

The modified measuring range claim for the PTS Panels Lipid Panel test strips/CardioChek Home Lipid Panel test strips for use on the CardioChek Home Test System, CardioChek Plus Test System, CardioChek PA Test System and CardioChek PA Home Test System provides a product that is as safe and effective as the predicate device (CardioChek Plus Test System and CardioChek Home Test System cleared under k140068 and CardioChek Test System cleared under k023358).