I-SENS, INC.   
JOON JUNG   
RA TEAM MANAGER   
43, BANPO-DAERO 28-GIL, SEOCHO-GU 137-873 SEOUL KOREA

Re: K151164 Trade/Device Name: Assure Prism multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW Dated: July 9, 2015 Received: July 10, 2015

Dear Joon Jung:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Yung W. Chan -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name Assure Prism multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Assure $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Prism multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites (forearm, palm, thigh, and calf). Alternative site testing should be used only during steady-state blood glucose conditions. The system is intended for use outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The system is only used with auto-disabling, single use lancing device. It is not intended for use on neonates and is not for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes.

Assure $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Prism multi Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the Assure $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Prism multi blood glucose meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

(As required by 21 CFR 807.92)

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Introduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following informationprovides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination ofsubstantial equivalence.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of 510(k)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Special 510(k)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SubmitterInformation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">i-SENS, Inc.43, Banpo-daero 28-gil, Seocho-gu 137-873, Seoul, KoreaTel.) +82-2-916-6191Fax) +82-2-942-2514e-mail:jhjung@i-sens.comContact Person: Joon Ho Jung</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared Date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">April, 29th, 2015</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device NameandClassification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade name: Assure Prism multi Blood Glucose Monitoring SystemCommon name: Blood Glucose Test SystemClassification product code: NBW, CGARegulation number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Glucose Test SystemClassification panel: 75, ChemistryDevice class: Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceInformation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device name: ACURA Plus Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System510(k) number: K131419</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceDescription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Assure Prism multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (BGMS) consists of amulti use blood glucose meter, test strips, and control solutions with twodifferent glucose concentrations ("Control A" and "Control B" ranges, soldseparately).The Assure Prism multi BGMS are based on an electrochemical biosensortechnology (electrochemical). The System measures the glucose level in wholeblood samples using a small electrical current generated in the test strips.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Assure Prism multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for thequantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawnfrom the fingertips and alternative sites (forearm, palm, thigh, and calf).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alternative site testing should be used only during steady-state blood glucoseconditions. The system is intended for use outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use)and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aidto monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The system is only used with auto-disabling, single use lancing device. It is not intended for use on neonates and is notfor the diagnosis or screening diabetes.Assure Prism multi Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the Assure Prismmulti blood glucose meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary wholeblood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternatives sites.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Comparison tothe PredicateDevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The candidate device and the predicate device consist of the same meter and teststrips. The measurement principle, fundamental scientific technology, operatingranges, and performance characteristics of the candidate device remain the sameas those of the predicate device. Assure Prism multi has not changed since its CLIAcategorization. Additional 3 disinfectants have been validated in order to be usedwith the system upon clearance. Accordingly, there have been some labelingchanges made in accordance with the addition of the 3 disinfectants. The differencesin appearance of meter and test strips are as follows.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACURA Plus Multi BGMS       Assure Prism multi BGMS(Predicate device, k131419)            (Candidate devicek151164/CR140257)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences in meter button symbols (functions remain the same)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip Port                                                  Test Strip PortInsert test strip here                                             Insert test strip hereBacklight ButtonTurns the backlight   ACURAon/off                            Test Strip     Backlight Button-Ejector      Turns the backlight                Test Stripo n/off                       EjectorM Button             40     -DisplaySelects or changes                   Show results,                               Display information        88-88-88:88     messages                                 Show results,88-8888   messagesM    5  S Button①S elects or     Button     O           ButtonButtonTurns the meter                    chhanges     Selects or                     Selects oronoff and                        innformation    changes                      changesconfirms                                       iformation                    informationmenu selections                                                           ButtonTransmission PortUsed to transfer data from the                                      Turns the meteron/off and confirmsmeter to a computer with                                        menu selectionsa cableTransmission PortUseer a mmter to a computer with a cable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences in test strip logo (same in its chemical composition,dimension, manufacturing process, assay method, etc)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StripLogo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Quantitative, Amperometric method, Glucose oxidase (Aspergillus sp.)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>The reagent on the test strip produces a small electrical current using glucose as asubstrate in the blood sample. The meter converts electrical current to glucoseconcentration.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Summary ofPre-cleaningand Disinfection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>The device is intended for multiple patients use in a professional healthcare setting.Disinfection study was performed on the meter by an outside commercial testingservice to evaluate effectiveness of disinfectants, Dispatch® Hospital CleanerDisinfectant Towels with Bleach (EPA Reg. No: 56392-7), CaviWipes1 (EPA Reg.No: 46781-13), and PDI ®Super Sani-Cloth® Germicidal Disposable Wipe (EPAReg. No: 9480-4) in preventing the spread of blood-borne pathogens, using hepatitisB virus (HBV). The results demonstrated complete inactivation of live virusinoculated on the materials of the meter.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>We have also demonstrated that 10,950 each of cleaning and disinfection cycles formeter with the same disinfectant designed to simulate 3 years of multiple-patient use has no effect on the performance or the external materials of the meter.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conclusion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Based on the submitted information in this premarket notification, thecandidate device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Further,the candidate device has met the performance, safety, and effectiveness of thedevice for its intended use.</td></tr></table>