Re: K152553 Trade/Device Name: Cuesee Hypoxic Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I, Reserved Product Code: JJS Dated: March 22, 2016 Received: March 24, 2016

Dear Ms. La Marca:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) k152553</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name CueSee® Hypoxic</td><td></td></tr></table>

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

1. This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92

2. Submitter Eurotrol B.V. Keplerlaan 20 6716 BS Ede, The Netherlands T $+ 3 1$ 318 695777 F +31 318 695770 E office@eurotrol.com

3. Submitter ContactMargherita La MarcaQA/RA Manager EurotrolB.V.Keplerlaan 206716 BS Ede, The NetherlandsT $+ 3 1$ 318 695777F $+ 3 1$ 318 695770E mlamarca@eurotrol.com

# 4. Device identification

Proprietary Name: CueSee® Hypoxic   
Common Name: Blood gas control   
Classification Name: Class I, reserved   
Product code: JJS; Controls for blood-gases, (assayed and unassayed) (21 CFR 862.1660)

# 5. Predicate Device

Device Name: RNA Medica $\textsuperscript { \small | \textregistered }$ Brand QC 823 Range Blood Gas Electrolyte Metabolite Control   
Manufacturer: Bionostics, Inc.,   
510(k) number: k032453,   
Decision Date: 08/28/2003

6. Intended Use

CueSee® Hypoxic is a pre-tonometered bovine hemoglobin (Hb) quality control material for professional use for monitoring blood gas analyzers’ performance of Oxygen partial pressure (pO2).

# 7. Device description

CueSee® Hypoxic is prepared from a stroma-free bovine hemoglobin solution and provides the oxygen buffering characteristics of fresh whole blood. The concentrations of total hemoglobin and acid-base levels are within the normal physiological range. Tonometry with a predetermined level of oxygen balanced with nitrogen provides a distinct assay value for partial pressure of oxygen measurements. CueSee $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hypoxic contains no preservatives, viscosity adjusters or other additives that might adversely effect electrode measurements.   
CueSee $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hypoxic provides one level in the critical low pO2 value range, each ampule holding 2.5 mL of solution.   
CueSee® Hypoxic is packed in a carton box containing 5 ampules.

# 8. Special Instrument Required

For an appropriate use of CueSee® Hypoxic the use of a blood gas analyzer is required.

# 9. Predicate Device Comparison

Comparison of CueSee $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hypoxic to the predicate device for substantial equivalence:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CueSee® Hypoxic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RNA Medical Brand QC 823 RangeBlood Gas Electrolyte MetaboliteControl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k), date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K032453, 08/28/2003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Number of      1levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Analytes        pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2, Ca++, Na+, K+, Cl+,Mg++, Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2: 15-25 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2: 8 - 69 mmHg (Level 0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Container</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clear glass ampules</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clear glass ampules</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Filling Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,5 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,5 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood like</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colorless</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storagetemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C / 35-46°F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C / 35-46°F or9-25 °C / 35-77°F</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance assessment of the criticallow pO2 value range of blood gasanalyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monitoring the performance of blood gas,electrolyte, and metaboliteinstrumentation.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Matrix/           Pre-tonometered solution of bovineMaterials        oxyhemoglobin (O2Hb) of purifiedstroma-free bovine hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffered aqueous solution containingelectrolytes (Na+, K+, Cl-, Ca++, Mg++),glucose, and lactate. It has beenequilibrated with specificlevels of CO2, O2, and N2.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Open Vial       10 minutesStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For pH/blood gas values measureimmediately after opening</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot specific</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot specific</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 days at 28 °C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 months at 28 °C9 months at 225 </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Where used    Clinical Laboratories, Point of Care        Clinical Laboratories, Point of Care testingtesting</td></tr></table>

Table 1. Predicate Device Comparison

# 10. Standards and guidelines reference

CLSI EP25-A; Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents; Approved Guideline, Vol 29, No. 20, September 2009; Richtlinie der Bundesärztekammer zur Qualitätssicherung laboratoriumsmedizinischer Untersuchungen (RiLiBAEK), Deutschen Ärzteblatt Jg.110, Heft 12, 22.03.2013, Seite A 575-582.

# 11. Stability

Real time stability studies have been performed for CueSee $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hypoxic.   
The claimed stability is 31 days when the product is stored at ${ 2 / 8 } ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . After opening of the ampule, the product is stable for 10 minutes.

# 12. Value Assignment

Multiple replicates of test samples are measured at the beginning and end of the production run on blood gas analyzers for pO2 values.

Values are determined by taking the mean of multiple determinations performed on randomly selected samples from each lot. Ranges are assigned using pre-determined intervals. Value assignment is performed for each lot of CueSee $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hypoxic.

# 13. Traceability

The different levels of CueSee $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hypoxic are traceable to the reference material as shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Reference Material</td></tr><tr><td>| pO2</td><td>NIST SRM: 2658a</td></tr></table>

Table 2. Traceability of CueSee® Hypoxic.

# 14. Conclusion

We recommend that CueSee $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hypoxic is substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, features, and characteristics to the predicate device: RNA Medical Brand QC 823 Range Blood Gas Electrolyte Metabolite Control (K032453)