ABOTT LABORATORIES   
SAI TATAVARTY   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST   
1360 SOUTH LOOP ROAD   
ALAMEDA CA 94502

Re: K152328 Trade/Device Name: Freestyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monotioring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, LFR Dated: August 17, 2015 Received: August 18, 2015

Dear Ms. Tatavarty:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. LiasFor: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip. The FreeStyle lnsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The FreeStyle lnsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use.

The FreeStyle lnsuLinx Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the FreeStyle lnsuLinx Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

August 17, 2015

# 510(k) Summary

According to the requirements per 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ , the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Company:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Laboratories</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Division:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Diabetes Care, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Street Address:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1360 South Loop Road</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>City, State Zip:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alameda, CA 94502</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sai Sriharshada TatavartyTel No. 510-749-5105Fax No. 510-864-4791sai.tatavarty@abbott.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Dehydrogenase, Glucose, Class II (21 CFR§ 862.1345)Product codes: NBW,LFR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k120568)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legal Manufacturer:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment:Abbott Diabetes Care Inc.1360 South Loop RoadAlameda, CA 94502</td></tr></table>

# Indications for Use:

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip. The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use.

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip.

# Description of the Device:

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter, in conjunction with the FreeStyle InsuLinx Test Strips works on the principal of coulometric biosensor technology, measuring glucose by its reaction with Glucose Dehydrogenase (GDH) in blood samples or control solutions, through electrochemical mediation.

The device automatically logs blood glucose results to create a customized logbook. The FreeStyle InsuLinx System has a large touch screen and a user interface designed for an easy user experience.

Users can pre-program audible and visual reminders for blood glucose testing, or other individual needs.

The FreeStyle InsuLinx System has ‘plug and play’ software that automatically installs on a computer without the need for a CD or internet access (via the meter’s USB port and a provided cable). It also provides access to the structured reports for both the healthcare professionals and patients.

# Principles of Operation:

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter (in conjunction with FreeStyle InsuLinx blood glucose test strips) utilizes coulometric biosensor technology to quantitatively measure the glucose concentration in whole blood samples and in FreeStyle Control Solutions.

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter measures glucose electrochemically. The glucose biosensor is capable of recognizing the glucose present in whole blood or control solutions by virtue of the glucose specificity of the enzyme glucose dehydrogenase (GDH) present on the glucose test strip. The electrons liberated by this reaction are transferred via a co-factor and mediator to the meter where they are read as a small electrical current. The current is integrated over the analysis time to generate charge which is directly proportional to the level of the glucose in the applied sample.

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter does not require calibration prior to use with the FreeStyle InsuLinx Test Strips. The device is prepared for use by inserting a FreeStyle InsuLinx test strip in the test strip port. Upon strip insertion, the meter will turn on automatically and perform a display check. The ‘apply blood’ message is displayed for the user to apply blood to the test strip until the meter begins the test. Blood detect will occur when the meter detects trigger current from the test strip, when enough blood has covered the strip electrodes. Following the blood detect, the meter performs the glucose assay measurement.

# Description of Modification:

The basis for this submission is to include the FreeStyle Lancing Device II into the FreeStyle InsuLinx System kit, which may be packaged with the following components and accessories listed below:

A. FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter   
B. 10 count vial of FreeStyle InsuLinx Test Strips (may be sold separately)   
C. FreeStyle Auto-Assist software (resides in the FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter)   
D. Carrying Case   
E. Owner’s Booklet   
F. Quick Start Guide   
G. USB Cable   
H. FreeStyle Control Solutions (may be obtained by contacting Customer Servic

# Substantial Equivalence:

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate, which was cleared by the Agency on March 29, 2012, to market under k120568: FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The results obtained from performance studies demonstrate that the FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is safe and effective for its intended use and technological characteristics, and therefore, substantially equivalent to the predicate device (k120568).

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

The similarities and differences between the FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System and the predicate (k120568) are highlighted in the table below.

# Similarities:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PRODUCT NAME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle InsuLinx BloodGlucose Monitoring System(K120568)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified FreeStyleInsuLinx Blood GlucoseMonitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTICS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FreeStyle InsuLinxBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem is intended for thequantitative measurement ofglucose in fresh capillarywhole blood samples drawnfrom the fingertip. TheFreeStyle InsuLinx BloodGlucose Monitoring Systemis intended to be used by asingle person and should notbe shared.The FreeStyle InsuLinxBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem is intended for self-testing outside the body (invitro diagnostic use) bypeople with diabetes at homeas an aid to monitor theeffectiveness of diabetes control.The FreeStyle InsuLinx BloodGlucose Monitoring Systemshould not be used for thediagnosis of or screening fordiabetes or for neonatal use.The FreeStyle InsuLinxBlood Glucose Test Strips arefor use with the FreeStyleInsuLinx Blood GlucoseMeter to quantitativelymeasure glucose in capillarywhole blood samples drawnfrom the fingertip.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NBW, LFR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fundamental Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FreeStyle InsuLinxMeter (in conjunction withblood glucose test strips)utilizes coulometric biosensortechnology to quantitativelymeasure the glucoseconcentration in whole bloodsamples and in FreeStyleControl Solutions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GDH-FAD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood &amp; capillary</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Finger</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement GlucoseRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 to 500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Operating Humidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 to 90% Relative Humidity,Non-Condensing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage OperatingTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-4°F to 140°F (-20°C to+60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At glucose levels below75mg/dL average SD is ≤5mg/dL and at glucose levels≥ 75mg/dL average CV is ≤5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accuracy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% of results should fallwithin ± 15mg/dL of thecomparative method results atglucose concentrations &lt;75mg/dL and within ±20% atglucose concentrations ≥ 75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Module</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Super SpeedyAlgorithm (5 seconds)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Double Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter OperatingTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40°F to 104°F (4°C to 40°C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Operating Pressure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 10000 feet (3048meters)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% - 65%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Management</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Auto-Assistsoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Average 5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No coding required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microprocessor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Preferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The device lets the user set:• Time and DateChanges• Time and DateFormatsQ  Audible AlertPersonalized testscreenWeekly Messageglucose rangesPersonalized notesand reminders</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Summary StatisticElements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Snapshot ReportModal Day ReportLogbook Report</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Daily Statistics ReportMeal Event AveragesReportMeter Settings ReportWeekly messages</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Communications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">"Plug and Play" device set-upscreen that enablesconfiguration of the devicethrough the PC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lancets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle/Thin Lancets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Differences:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRODUCT NAME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood GlucoseMonitoring System(K120568)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified FreeStyle InsuLinxBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTICS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter cleaning anddisinfection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>522 cleaning and 522 disinfectioncycles (equivalent to cleaning anddisinfecting once a week over the 5-year service life) with Dispatch®Hospital Cleaner Disinfectant Towelswith Bleach, EPA 56392-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>522 cleaning and 522disinfection cycles (2 cycles perweek for 5 years) with CloroxHealthcare Bleach GermicidalWipes, EPA Reg. #67619-12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lancing devicecleaning anddisinfection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>522 cleaning and 522 disinfectioncycles (equivalent to cleaning anddisinfecting once a week over the 5-year service life) with Dispatch®Hospital Cleaner Disinfectant Towelswith Bleach, EPA 56392-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210 cleaning and 210disinfection cycles (2 cyclesper week for 2 years) withClorox Healthcare BleachGermicidal Wipes, EPA Reg.#67619-12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lancing device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle Lancing Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle Lancing Device-II</td></tr></table>