ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS   
PATTY BATES   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS PRINCIPAL   
9115 HAGUE ROAD   
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250

Re: K152526 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys Progesterone III Calset Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIT Dated: September 2, 2015 Received: September 3, 2015

Dear Ms. Bates:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. LiasFor: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Theburenimeorhiscollection inomation seiate averagehours per esponse,ncludi e time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary, Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

Submitter Name, Address, Contact Information

Roche Diagnostics Corporation 9115 Hague Road, P.O. Box 50416 Indianapolis, IN 46250-0416

Contact Person: Patty Bates, BS, MT (ASCP)   
Phone: 317-521-4572   
Fax: 317-521-2324   
Email: patty.bates@roche.com   
Secondary Contact Person: Adam Clark, MBA   
Phone: 317-521-4371   
Fax: 317-521-2324   
Email: adam.clark@roche.com

Date Prepared: September 2, 2015

# Device Name

Proprietary name: Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet

Common name: Progesterone III CalSet

Classification: 21 CFR 862.1150, Calibrator, Secondary

Product Code: JIT

# Establishment Registration

Classification FDA has classified the product as a Class II device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClassificationName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationCitation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgesteroneIII CalSet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator,Secondary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1150</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary, Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet, continued

# Device Description

Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet:

The Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet is a lyophilized product consisting of plant-derived progesterone in a human serum matrix. It is traceable via ID-GC/MS (isotope dilution gas chromatography/mass spectrometry) to highly purified progesterone by weight analogous to BCR-348R and ERM-DA347.

# Intended use

Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet:

The Progesterone III CalSet is used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys Progesterone III assay on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Predicate device

The Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Elecsys Progesterone II CalSet (K964841).

# Substantial Equivalence Comparison

The following table compare the Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet with the predicate device.

# 510(k) Summary, Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet, continued

# Comparison Table

The table below compares Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet with the predicate device, Elecsys Progesterone II CalSet (K964841).

The change in the new product is the addition of calibrator stability at ${ } _ { - 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } }$ .

Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Progesterone IIICalSet(Candidate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Progesterone IICalSet(Predicate) (K964841)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progesterone III CalSet is usedfor calibrating the quantitativeElecsys Progesterone III assayon the Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progesterone II CalSet is usedfor calibrating the quantitativeElecsys Progesterone assay onthe Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progesterone (plant-derived)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal 1: 0.080 ng/mLCal 2: 53 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carefully dissolve the contentsof one bottle by adding exactly1.0 mL of distilled or deionizedwater and allow to stand closedfor 15 minutes to reconstitute.Mix carefully, avoiding thefoam formation.Transfer aliquots of thereconstituted calibrators intoempty labeled snap-cap bottles(CalSet Vials). Attach thesupplied labels to the additionalbottles. Store the aliquotsimmediately at -20°C.Perform only one calibrationprocedure per aliquot.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carefully dissolve the contentsof one bottle by adding exactly1.0 mL of distilled or deionizedwater and allow to stand closedfor 15 minutes to reconstitute.Mix carefully, avoiding thefoam formation.Transfer aliquots of thereconstituted calibrators intoempty labeled snap-cap bottles(CalSet Vials). Attach thesupplied labels to the additionalbottles. Store the aliquots at2-8°C for later use.Perform only one calibrationprocedure per aliquot.</td></tr></table>

Table continued   

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet (Candidate)</td><td>Elecsys Progesterone II CalSet (Predicate) (K964841)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Stability</td><td>Unopened: Store at 2-8°C until expiration date Opened: 2-8°C: 24 hours •</td><td>Unopened: Store at 2-8°C until expiration date Opened: 2-8°C: 12 weeks •</td></tr><tr><td>20-25°C on the analyzer: use only once -20°C: 31 days (freeze only once)</td><td>20-25°C on the analyzer: use only once</td></tr></table>

# Traceability

The Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet is traceable via ID-GC/MS (isotope dilution gas chromatography/mass spectrometry) to highly purified progesterone by weight analogous to BCR-348R and ERM-DA347.

# Evaluations Summary

The Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet was evaluated for value assignment, reconstitution and stability.

# CalSet Value Assignment

Value assignment testing was conducted and passed pre-defined acceptance criteria. The target values for the two levels of the Progesterone III CalSet kit are chosen to obtain the best fit with the Master Calibration Curve, together with the Rodbard curve parameters encoded in the reagent barcode. For each Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet lot manufactured, the calibrators are run in duplicate on at least three (3) cobas e 411 analyzers and at least three (3) cobas e 601/MODULAR ANALYTICS E170 analyzers with all Progesterone III reagent lots available. The assigned value of each calibrator is defined as the median value obtained over at least six (6) runs on at least three (3) analyzers) of the respective calibrator.

Measurement values for PreciControl Universal (Level 1 & 2) are read off from the calibration curves generated. The PreciControl Universal is a multi-analyte control recommended for use with specified analytes. The controls are used for monitoring accuracy and precision of the specified assays. The pre-defined acceptance criteria for PreciControl Universal have to be met to release the Assigned Values for Progesterone III CalSet.

# Stability Studies

Three studies were performed in order to verify the stability claims for the Progesterone III CalSet. Stability studies after reconstitution and an accelerated stability study were completed on the cobas e 411. Additionally, a real-time stability study is planned.

# Study 1. Stability at $2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } , { \cdot } 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } ,$ in open vial and freeze/thaw cycles (after reconstitution):

The on-test materials were reconstituted and stored closed for 25 hours at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , and for 32 days at $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and for 3 hours at 20 to $2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in open vial prior to testing. In addition, the stability of the Progesterone III CalSet for two (2) freeze/thaw cycles was evaluated.

The on-test and reference materials were tested in duplicate and the recovery was calculated as percent of the reference value.

The acceptance criterion was 95 to $105 \%$ signal recovery of the reference material value. The reference material was a freshly reconstituted set of Progesterone III CalSet.

# Study 2. Accelerated Stability:

The on-test material was stored lyophilized (as supplied to the user) at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 3 weeks. The reference material was a freshly reconstituted set of Progesterone III CalSet (stored at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ). After 3 weeks, the on-test and reference materials were tested in duplicate. The on-test recovery was calculated as a percent of the reference value. One Progesterone III CalSet lot was evaluated in duplicate.

The acceptance criterion was 95 to $105 \%$ recovery of the reference material value.

Stability Studies, continued

# Study 3. Real-Time Stability:

In addition, real-time stability is being evaluated as follows: In the on-going real-time stability study, the Progesterone III CalSet test material is stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . The CalSets are tested in duplicate at specified intervals over the shelf life of the device up to the planned shelf life plus one month (19 months).

Real-time stability is calculated based on the recovery of signal of stressed calibrator (stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } $ ) vs. unstressed calibrator (stored at $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } ,$ . At the specified intervals over the shelf life, the mean value of the stressed calibrator was calculated as percent recovery of the unstressed value (each tested in duplicates at the same time point).

The acceptance criterion for Progesterone III Calibrator 1 and 2 is recovery of $9 5 - 1 0 5 \%$ of the reference value.

The testing will continue with this stability protocol until data to support a claim of 18 months is achieved.

# Conclusion

We trust that the information provided in this Premarket Notification (510(k)) will support a determination of substantial equivalence for the Elecsys Progesterone III CalSet.