# RANDOX LABORATORIES LIMITEDPAULINE ARMSTRONG, SENIOR MANAGER QA/RA55 DIAMOND ROAD, CRUMLINCOUNTY ANTRIM BT29 4QYGREAT BRITAIN

Re: K152343 Trade/Device Name: Direct Bilirubin Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1110 Regulation Name: Bilirubin (total or direct) test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JFM Dated: January 04, 2016 Received: January 06, 2016

Dear Pauline Armstrong:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k152343

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Direct Bilirubin test system is a device intended for the quantitative in vitro determination of Direct Bilirubin in serum and plasma. Bilirubin measurements can be used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, hemolytic, hematological and metabolic disorders including hepatitis and gall bladder block.

This device is for prescription use only.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 1. SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS AS REQUIRED BY 21 CFR 807.92 STATEMENT

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement 21 CFR 807.92.

2. SUBMITTER NAME AND ADDRESS

Name: Address:

Dr Pauline Armstrong Randox Laboratories Limited 55 Diamond Road, Crumlin, County Antrim, BT29 4QY, United Kingdom

Telephone: $+ 4 4$ (0) 28 9442 2413 Fax: $+ 4 4$ (0) 28 9445 2912 E-mail: Pauline.Armstrong@randox.com

Date of Summary Preparation: Feb 10, 2016

# 3. 510k NUMBER, DEVICE PROPRIETARY NAME, COMMON NAME, PURPOSE FOR SUBMISSION, REGULATORY CLASSIFCATION, PANEL, PRODUCT CODE AND 21 CFR NUMBER

510k No.: K152343 Device Proprietary Name: Direct Bilirubin Common Name: Direct Bilirubin Purpose for Submission: New Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (total ordirect) test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry (75)</td></tr></table>

# 4. PREDICATE DEVICE PROPRIETARY NAMES AND 510(k) NUMBERS

Predicate Device Proprietary Name: Wako Direct Bilirubin V   
510(k) No.: K053132   
Catalogue numbers: 02188390 & 02189494

# 5. INTENDED USE

The Direct Bilirubin test system is a device intended for the quantitative in vitro determination of Direct Bilirubin in serum and plasma. Bilirubin measurements can be used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, hemolytic, hematological and metabolic disorders including hepatitis and gall bladder block. This device is for prescription use only.

# 6. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Randox Direct Bilirubin kit consists of ready to use reagent solutions.

CATALOGUE NUMBER: BR8308 COMPONENTS: R1. 4 x 20ml, R2. 4 x 8ml

REAGENT COMPOSITION

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Contents</td><td>Initial Concentration of Solutions</td></tr><tr><td>RI.</td><td>Direct Bilirubin RI Tartrate buffer, pH2.9</td><td>0.1 mol/L</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Detergent</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Antimicrobials and Preservatives Inhibitors</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>R2.</td><td>Direct Bilirubin R2</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>10 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Phosphate buffer, pH 7.0</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Sodium Metavanadate</td><td>4 mmol/L</td></tr></table>

# MATERIALS REQUIRED BUT NOT PROVIDED

Randox Assayed Multisera Level 2 (Cat. No. HN1530) and Level 3 (Cat. No. HE1532); 510(k) # K942458   
Randox Calibration Serum Level 3 (Cat. No. CAL2351); 510(k) # K053153 RX series Saline (Cat.No. SA8396)

# 7. PREDICATE DEVICE COMPARISON TABLE Table 1 Comparison of Direct Bilirubin test system for the RX Daytona plus to predicate device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTICS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Randox Direct Bilirubin Assay for RXDaytona Plus (New Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct Bilirubin (K053132)(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INTENDED USE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Direct Bilirubin test system is a deviceintended for the quantitative in vitrodetermination of Direct Bilirubin in serum andplasma. Bilirubin measurements can be usedin the diagnosis and treatment of liver,haemolytic, haematological and metabolicdisorders including hepatitis and gall bladderblock. This device is for prescription use only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAMPLE TYPE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SerumPlasma (Li Heparin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ASSAY PROTOCOL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vanadate Oxidation Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTICS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Randox Direct Bilirubin Assay for RXDaytona Plus (New Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Randox Direct Bilirubin (K053132)(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STORAGE(UNOPENED)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents are stable up to the expiry datewhen stored unopened at +2 to +8°C.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CALIBRATIONFREQUENCY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A two point calibration is recommended every28 days.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended every 30 days.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CONTROLFREQUENCY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two levels of control should be assayed atleast once a day</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At least two levels of control should beassayed once a day, or change of lot</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On board stability has been determined as 28days.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On board stability has been determinedas 30 days.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">REAGENTCOMPOSITION</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R1. Direct BilirubinTartrate Buffer, pH2.9, 0.1mol/lDetergentAntimicrobials and PreservativesInhibitorsR2. Direct BilirubinPhosphate Buffer, pH7.0, 10mmol/ISodium Metavanadate, 4mmol/l</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R1.Tartrate Buffer, pH2.9, 0.1mol/lDetergentR2.Phosphate Buffer, pH7.0, 10mmol/lSodium Metavanadate, 4mmol/l</td></tr></table>

# 8. Test Principle

The bilirubin is oxidised by vanadate at approximately pH3.0 to produce biliverdin. In the presence of detergent and vanadate, conjugate (direct) bilirubin is oxidised. This oxidation reaction causes a decrease in the optical density of the yellow colour, which is specific to bilirubin. The decrease in optical density at 450/546nm is proportional to the direct bilirubin concentration in the sample. The concentration is measured as an endpoint reaction.

Conjugated Bilirubin $+ \lor 0 ^ { 3 - }$ Biliverdin

Tokuda K, Tanimoto K. New method of measuring serum bilirubin using vanadic acid. Jpn J Clin Chem. 1993:22:116-122.

# 9. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

Analytical performance

a) Precision/Reproducibility   
Precision was evaluated consistent with C.L.S.I standard EP5-A2. Precision studies were performed by two operators, on two RX Daytona plus systems using control material and unaltered human serum samples that were spiked with direct bilirubin concentrations or diluted to achieve concentrations based on established ranges up to 0.2mg/dl. Testing was conducted for two reagent lots of direct bilirubin, one lot on each RX Daytona plus system, twice per day for 20 non-consecutive days. Two replicates per run were performed for each sample. No assay recalibrations were required throughout the duration of the study. The results are summarized in the following tables.

Table 1 Precision Summary – Lot 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>System: Rx Daytona Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Among Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Among Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MEAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DBIL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DBIL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DBIL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr></table>

# b) Linearity/assay reportable range

Linearity studies have been carried out in accordance with C.L.S.I. standard EP6-A. Linearity studies were performed at 11 levels to determine the analytical range of an assay - that is the range where the reported result is a linear function to the analyte concentration (or where deviation from linearity is less than $5 \%$ ).

The linearity samples were prepared at 11 levels. The sponsor set a range from 0.1mg/dl analyte concentration up to a high concentration approximately 12.6mg/dl. Each level was run in replicates of five on two lots of direct bilirubin reagent on one RX Daytona plus system. The results are summarized in the following table:

Table 3 Linearity Summary including regression equation and correlation coefficient

Table 4 Linearity Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9995</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Syx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.6mg/dl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1-12.6mg/dl</td></tr></table>

The Rx Daytona Plus analyser has an auto-dilution feature that is automatically activated when measuring samples $> 1 2 . 6 \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d l }$ . Samples $> 1 2 . 6 \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d l }$ are diluted and re-measured to obtain values within the measuring range.

c) Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods)   
Refer to 510(k) K053153 for Calibrator and K942458 Control information   
for Direct Bilirubin.

Randox Calibration Serum Level 3 is traceable to an internal master calibrator for Direct Bilirubin.

d) Detection limit

Sensitivity studies have been carried out in accordance with C.L.S.I. guideline EP17-A2 ‘Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantification; Approved Guideline’. A Limit of Blank (LoB), a Limit of Detection (LoD) and a Limit of Quantification (LoQ) were performed on two lots of reagents tested by two operators on one RX Daytona Plus system.   
The LoD for Direct Bilirubin on the RX Daytona Plus is 0.064mg/dl based on 240 determinations, with 4 low level samples.   
The LoB is 0.006mg/dl.   
The LoQ is 0.133mg/dl as determined by the lowest concentration that can be detected with $\leq 2 0 \%$ CV imprecision.

e) Analytical Specificity

Interference studies have been carried out in accordance with C.L.S.I guideline EP7-A2 ‘Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline Second Edition’. The effects of potential interferents were determined by calculating the mean value of the spiked interferent with the corresponding control solution. The spiked sample results were compared to control samples prepared without the potential interferents.

Acceptance Criteria: $\%$ of Control $\pm 1 0 \%$

The analytes detailed below were tested up to the levels indicated at Bilirubin concentrations of 0.14mg/dl and 5.03mg/dl, and found not to interfere:

Table 5 Interference Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference up to 1000mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference up to 750mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference up to 1000mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference up to 25mg/dl</td></tr></table>

f) Method comparison with predicate device   
Correlation studies were carried out in accordance with C.L.S.I. guideline EP9-A2 ‘Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples: Approved Guideline – Second Edition’.

103 serum patient samples spanning the range 0.123-12.46mg/dl were tested by two operators on two lots of direct bilirubin reagent on a RX Daytona plus analyzer and a Siemens Advia system across 3 working days with each sample tested in singlicate. The test method was compared to the predicate device and the following linear regression equation was obtained:

g) Matrix comparison

Matrix method comparisons for the direct bilirubin assay was tested by one operator on one RX Daytona plus system and was assessed for two lots of direct bilirubin reagents. Both serum and lithium heparin plasma were tested to determine whether method accuracy with lithium heparin specimens are equivalent to serum results and that lithium heparin plasma does not interfere with either the method or the system.

Direct bilirubin matrix comparison on the RX Daytona plus (Lithium Heparin) Patient samples were drawn in matched pairs – one sample serum $( \mathsf { x } )$ and the second sample lithium heparin plasma (y). A minimum of 40 matched patient sample pairs were analyzed spanning the range 0.091-12.48mg/dl and the following linear regression equation was obtained:

$\mathsf { Y } = 0 . 9 9 \mathsf { x } + 0 . 0 1$ Correlation coefficient of $\mathsf { r } = 1 . 0 0$

# 10.CONCLUSION

Testing results indicate that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.