ANDON HEALTH CO., LTD   
LIU YI, PRESIDENT   
NO. 3 JINPING STREET, YA AN ROAD, NANKAI DISTRICT   
TIANJIN, P.R. CHINA

Re: K153278 Trade/Device Name: iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (BG5) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JQP Dated: August 11, 2016 Received: August 15, 2016

Dear Mr. Yi:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Stayce Beck -S

For:

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name

iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (BG5)

Indications for Use (Describe)

The iHealth Wireless Gluco-Monitoring System consists of the iHealth Wireless Glucose meter (BG5), iHealth Blood Glucose Test Strips (AGS-1000I), and the iHealth Gluco-Smart App mobile application. The iHealth Wireless GlucoMonitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, palm, forearm, upper arm, calf, or thigh. The iHealth Wireless Gluco-Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The iHealth Wireless Gluco-Monitoring System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The iHealth Wireless GlucoMonitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement of SMDA and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 1.0 submitter’s information

Name: Andon Health Co., Ltd.   
Address: No.3 Jinping Street,Ya’an Road, Nankai District, Tianjin, P.R. China   
Phone number: 86-22-6052 6161   
Fax number: 86-22-6052 6162   
Contact: Yi Liu   
Date of Preparation: 11/05/2015

# 2.0 Device information

Trade name: iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (BG5) Common name: Blood Glucose Monitoring System Classification name: Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# 3.0 Classification

Production code: NBW- Blood Glucose Monitoring System. Regulation number: 862.1345   
Classification: Ⅱ   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry   
Production code: CGA- test, blood glucose, over the counter Regulation number: 862.1345   
Classification: Ⅱ   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry   
Production code: JQP   
Regulation number: 862.2100   
Classification: I   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry

# 4.0 Predicate device information

Manufacturer: Andon Health Co., Ltd.

Device: iHealth BG5 WIRELESS SMART GLUCOSE MONITORING SYSTEM

510(k) number: K123935

# 5.0 Device description

The iHealth wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System(BG5) consist of blood glucose meter, single use test strips, sterile lancets, lancing device and the control solutions.

They are based on an electrochemical biosensor technology (electrochemical) and the principle of capillary action. Capillary action at the end of the test strip draws the blood into the action chamber and the blood glucose result is displayed in 5 seconds. The control solution available is used to test the performance of the device. It uses the same technological characteristics for testing with its predicate device.

In order to use theiHealth wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System(BG5), a compatible Android or iOS mobile device with the necessary mobile application installed is required.

# 6.0 Intended use

The iHealth Wireless Gluco-Monitoring System consists of the iHealth Wireless Glucose meter (BG5), iHealth Blood Glucose Test Strips (AGS-1000I), and the iHealth Gluco-Smart App mobile application. The iHealth Wireless Gluco-Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, palm, forearm, upper arm, calf, or thigh. The iHealth Wireless Gluco-Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The iHealth Wireless Gluco-Monitoring System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The iHealth Wireless Gluco-Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

7.0 Summary comparing technological characteristics with predicate device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTICS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEW DEVICE:iHealth wireless SmartGluco-MonitoringSystem(BG5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE:iHealth BG5 wireless SmartGluco-MonitoringSystem(K123935)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biosensor (Electrode)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biosensor (Electrode)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole blood fromAST(Alternative site testing)and finger</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole blood fromAST(Alternative site testing)and finger</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood sample is placeddirectly to the test strip afterfinger or AST is lanced.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood sample is placeddirectly to the test strip afterfinger or AST is lanced.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-60%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-60%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingTemperature Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10~35(50°-95°F)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10~35(50°-95°F)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9mm × 34.5mm ×19mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9mm × 34.5mm ×19mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connect to iOS device andandroid device to displaymeasurement results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connect to iOS device todisplay measurement results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Presentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL or mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL or mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory Capabilities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 times with time and datedisplaying</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 times with time and datedisplaying</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Start</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 second</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 second</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DC 3.7V d.c.li-ion 250mAh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DC 3.7V d.c.li-ion 250mAh</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20mg/dL-600mg/dL(1.1mmol/L~33.3mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20mg/dL-600mg/dL(1.1mmol/L~33.3mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified Test Strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AGS-1000I Test Strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AGS-1000I Test Strip</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum 0.7 micro liter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum 0.7 micro liter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connect Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connect to iOS device andAndroid device throughbluetooth</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connect to iOS devicethrough bluetooth</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Comparison to the predict device and the conclusion

The proposed device is similar with the predicate device BG5, they are both for single patient use, they use the same test strip, and can test the blood glucose at the alternative site. The hematocrit range, the altitude and the use function are all the same. However, the proposed device can be connected to not only the iOS device, but also the Android device.

However, the test in this submission provides demonstration that these small differences do not raise any new questions of safety and effectiveness.