RADIOMETER AMERICA INC.   
KAREN BANG JAKOBSEN   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST 250 S. KRAEMER BLVD   
BREA, CA 92821

Re: K153712 Trade/Device Name: VK-3 Verification Kit; VK-4 Verification Kit; VK-R5 Verification Kit; VK-R7 Verification Kit; VK-Crea Verification Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Multi-analyte controls, all kinds (assayed) Regulatory Class: I, reserved Product Code: JJY Dated: December 21, 2015 Received: December 24, 2015

Dear Karen Bang Jakobsen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number: K133410

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Digital Signature Concurrence Table</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reviewer Sign-Off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheila Connors/NG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Branch Chief Sign-Off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yung Chan</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Division Sign-Off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

#  ! " "# -  \$

8
!5
9!
9,

!:!!
6
8!
!;2
!5
5
6
'&&0\$

# ! &"'  -( "!-- ' !!) '\*\$%

8!
4!
!
6
8
599!5
6
6

!!

 !!
/&
8
!
!!.
59
8! !

! !;
5.
!58
!\*

5!.
8!


8!

!!!

59!! 
! !;
8!
599!5
6
6\$
!
5!
!
8
4!
!!

,
8!
!5 6
8
6
599!5.
59
!
6
!5
8
4!.
"

-!!
6
!98


! 5! 

-
 665!
6
8!6
6
665! !;2
!5
5
13
66 -		

!	"
	"#		\$#	 
	#	"	#" 	%&'#
(

# 510(k) Summary k153712

# 1 Administative information

Submitter   
Company Name:   
ER Number:   
Address:

Phone: Fax:

Radiometer America Inc. 3010420736   
250 S. Kraemer Blvd   
Brea, CA 92821 (USA) 800-736-0600   
800-736-0601   
Contact Person   
Name:   
Function:   
E-mail:   
Phone:   
Fax:   
Karen Bang Jakobsen   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Karen.bang.jakobsen@radiometer.dk   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 3827   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 2727

Date prepared Date:

December 21, 2015

Device Information Device Name:

VK-3 Verification Kit VK-4 Verification Kit VK-R5 Verification Kit VK-R7 Verification Kit VK-Crea Verification Kit

Common Name: Calibration Verification Kit

Classification:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi-analyte controls, all kinds(assayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I, reserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJY</td></tr></table>

# 2 Device Description

VK-3 Verification Kit

VK-3 Verification Kit is a calibration verification kit consisting of the following 5 quality control solutions:

Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK Level 1, S7170 (K150226)   
Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK Level 2, S7180 (K150226)   
Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK Level 1, S7930 (K130236)   
Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK Level 2, S7940 (K130236)   
Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK Level 3, S7950 (K130236)

These quality control solutions have been 510(k) cleared (K150226 and K130236) with an intended use which did not include calibration verification. Production of this kit consists solely in repackaging and relabeling of the already cleared products.

Each kit consists of 4 ampoules of each constituent quality control solution. One ampoule contains $2 \mathsf { m l }$ of solution.

The Hematocrit and Metabolite QUALICHECK quality control solutions are aqueous solutions containing organic buffer, acid, salts, metabolites, and a preservative. The Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK quality control solutions are aqueous solutions containing biological buffers, salts, glucose, lactate, dyes and a preservative, and are equilibrated with carbon dioxide and oxygen.

# VK-4 Verification Kit

VK-4 Verification Kit is a calibration verification kit consisting of the following 4 quality control solutions:

Qualicheck $^ { 5 + }$ Level 1, S7730 (K980135) Qualicheck $^ { 5 + }$ Level 2, S7740 (K980135) Qualicheck $^ { 5 + }$ Level 3, S7750 (K980135) Qualicheck $^ { 5 + }$ Level 4, S7760 (K980135)

These quality control solutions have been 510(k) cleared (K980135) with an intended use which did not include calibration verification. Production of this kit consists solely in repackaging and relabeling of the already cleared products.

Each kit consists of 4 ampoules of each constituent quality control solution. One ampoule contains $2 \mathsf { m l }$ of solution.

The quality control solutions are aqueous solutions containing biological buffers, salts, glucose, lactate, dyes and a preservative, and are equilibrated with carbon dioxide and oxygen.

# VK-R5 Verification Kit

VK-R5 Verification Kit is a calibration verification kit consisting of the following 4 quality control solutions:

Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK Level 1, S7930 (K130236)  Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK Level 2, S7940 (K130236) Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK Level 3, S7950 (K130236) Qualicheck $^ { 5 + }$ , Level 3, S7750, (K980135)

These quality control solutions have been 510(k) cleared (K130236 and K980135) with an intended use which did not include calibration verification. Production of this kit consists solely in repackaging and relabeling of the already cleared products.

Each kit consists of 4 ampoules of each constituent quality control solution. One ampoule contains $2 \mathsf { m l }$ of solution.

The quality control solutions are aqueous solutions containing biological buffers, salts, glucose, lactate, dyes and a preservative, and are equilibrated with carbon dioxide and oxygen.

# VK-R7 Verification Kit

VK-R7 Verification Kit is a calibration verification kit consisting of the following 4 quality control solutions:

Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK Level 1, S7930 (K130236) Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK Level 2, S7940 (K130236) Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK Level 3, S7950 (K130236) High Metabolite QUALICHECK Level 1, S7570 (K130415)

These quality control solutions have been 510(k) cleared (K130236 and K130415) with an intended use which did not include calibration verification. Production of this kit consists solely in repackaging and relabeling of the already cleared products.

Each kit consists of 4 ampoules of each constituent quality control solution. One ampoule contains $2 \mathsf { m l }$ of solution.

The Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK quality control solutions are aqueous solutions containing biological buffers, salts, glucose, lactate, dyes and a preservative, and are equilibrated with carbon dioxide and oxygen.

The High Metabolite QUALICHECK quality control solutions are aqueous solutions containing biological buffers, salts, metabolites and a preservative

# VK-Crea Verification Kit

VK-Crea Verification Kit is a calibration verification kit consisting of the following 4 quality control solutions:

AutoCheck6 $^ +$ Level 1, S7835 (K051928) AutoCheck6 $^ { + }$ Level 2, S7845 (K051928)  AutoCheck6 $\mid +$ Level 3, S7855 (K051928) Cleaning Met II Solution, S8377 (K051968)

These quality control solutions have been 510(k) cleared (K051928) and (K051968) with an intended use which did not include calibration verification. Production of this kit consists solely in repackaging and relabeling of the already cleared products.

Each kit consists of 4 ampoules of each level of AutoCheck6 $^ +$ and one bottle of Cleaning Met II Solution. Each AutoCheck $^ { 6 + }$ ampoule contains $0 . 7 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ solution. The Cleaning Met II Solution contains $1 0 0 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ solution.

The quality control solutions are aqueous solutions containing biological buffers, salts, metabolites, enzyme and a preservative. The AutoCheck $^ { 6 + }$ solutions also contain dyes and are equilibrated with carbon dioxide and oxygen.

# 3 Purpose of submission

To seek clearance of five calibration verification kits based on already cleared quality control solutions.

# 4 Intended Use/Indications for use

For in vitro diagnostic use. Verification Kits VK-3, VK-4, VK-R5, VK-R7 and VK-Crea are assayed quality control systems for calibration verification for the parameters and the analyzers listed in the insert specifying the control ranges.

# 5 Predicate device

Validate GC1, GC2, GC3 and GC4 Calibration Verification/Linearity Test Sets (K091225)

# 6 Substantial Equivalence

All five Verification Kits are substantially equivalent in intended use, fundamental scientific technology, features, and characteristics to the predicate device:

510(k) Number; Name; Device Manufacturer:   
K091225; Validate GC1 Calibration Verification/Linearity Test Set; Validate GC2 Calibration Verification/Linearity Test Set; Validate GC3 Calibration Verification/Linearity Test Set; Validate GC4 Calibration Verification/Linearity Test Set   
Maine Standards Co.

# VK-3 Verification Kit

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEDevice (VK-3 VerificationKit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K091225)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use.Verification Kits VK-3, VK-4, VK-R5, VK-R7 and VK-Crea areassayed quality control systemsfor calibration verification for theparameters and the analyzerslisted in the insert specifying thecontrol ranges.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Validate GC1, GC2, GC3 and GC4Calibration Verification/Linearity TestSets are intended for in vitrodiagnostic use in the quantitativedetermination of linearity, calibrationverification and verification ofreportable range in automated, semiautomated, and manual chemistrysystems. See attached PackageInsert labeling for all analytesclaimed.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJY (Multi-analyte controls, allkinds (assayed))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJY (Multi-analyte controls, all kinds(assayed))</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aqueous</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC1: Human serumGC2: AqueousGC3: Human serumGC4: Human serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IUPAC pH scale, NIST SRM, IECC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIST SRM, primary analyticalstandards</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device (VK-3 VerificationKit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K091225)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurands</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH, pCO2, pO2, cK+, cNa+,cCa2+, cCl-, cGlu and Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC1: Albumin (ALB), Blood UreaNitrogen (BUN), Calcium (CA),Chloride (CL), Cholesterol (CHOL),Creatinine (CREA), Glucose (GLU),Potassium (K), Lactate (LAC),Lithium (LITH), Magnesium (MG),Sodium (NA), Phosphorous (PHOS),Total Protein (TP), Triglycerides(TRIG), and Uric Acid (UA)GC2: Ammonia (NH3), CarbonDioxide (CO2), Ethanol (ETOH), andIron (FE)GC3: Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP),Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT),Amylase (AMY), AspartateAminotransferase (AST), CreatineKinase (CK), Gamma-GlutamylTransferase (GGT), LactateDehydrogenase (LD) and Lipase(LIP)GC4: Direct Bilirubin (DBIL) andTotal Bilirubin (TBIL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 °C</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device (VK-3 VerificationKit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K091225)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months (as a maximum,depending on the remaining shelflife of the oldest component)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open vial stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A, shall be used immediately</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 (2 levels for Hct)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device (VK-4 VerificationKit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K091225)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use.Verification Kits VK-3, VK-4, VK-R5, VK-R7 and VK-Crea areassayed quality control systemsfor calibration verification for theparameters and the analyzerslisted in the insert specifying thecontrol ranges.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Validate GC1, GC2, GC3 and GC4Calibration Verification/Linearity TestSets are intended for in vitrodiagnostic use in the quantitativedetermination of linearity, calibrationverification and verification ofreportable range in automated, semiautomated, and manual chemistrysystems. See attached PackageInsert labeling for all analytesclaimed.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJY (Multi-analyte controls, allkinds (assayed))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJY (Multi-analyte controls, all kinds(assayed))</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aqueous</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC1: Human serumGC2: AqueousGC3: Human serumGC4: Human serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IUPAC pH scale, NIST SRM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIST SRM, primary analyticalstandards</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurands</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH, pCO2, p02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC1: Albumin (ALB), Blood UreaNitrogen (BUN), Calcium (CA),Chloride (CL), Cholesterol (CHOL),Creatinine (CREA), Glucose (GLU),Potassium (K), Lactate (LAC),Lithium (LITH), Magnesium (MG),Sodium (NA), Phosphorous (PHOS),Total Protein (TP), Triglycerides(TRIG), and Uric Acid (UA)GC2: Ammonia (NH3), CarbonDioxide (CO2), Ethanol (ETOH), andIron (FE)GC3: Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP),Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT),Amylase (AMY), AspartateAminotransferase (AST), CreatineKinase (CK), Gamma-GlutamylTransferase (GGT), LactateDehydrogenase (LD) and Lipase(LIP)GC4: Direct Bilirubin (DBIL) andTotal Bilirubin (TBIL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device (VK-4 VerificationKit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K091225)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 -25 °</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months (as a maximum,depending on the remaining shelflife of the oldest component)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open vial stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A, shall be used immediately</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr></table>

# VK-R5 Verification Kit

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device (VK-R5 VerificationKit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K091225)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use.Verification Kits VK-3, VK-4, VK-R5, VK-R7 and VK-Crea areassayed quality control systemsfor calibration verification for theparameters and the analyzerslisted in the insert specifying thecontrol ranges.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Validate GC1, GC2, GC3 and GC4Calibration Verification/Linearity TestSets are intended for in vitrodiagnostic use in the quantitativedetermination of linearity, calibrationverification and verification ofreportable range in automated, semiautomated, and manual chemistrysystems. See attached PackageInsert labeling for all analytesclaimed.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJY (Multi-analyte controls, allkinds (assayed))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJY (Multi-analyte controls, all kinds(assayed))</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aqueous</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC1: Human serumGC2: AqueousGC3: Human serumGC4: Human serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IUPAC pH scale, NIST SRM, IFCC,SIGMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIST SRM, primary analyticalstandards</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurands</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH, pCO2, pO2, cK+, cNa+,cCa2+, cCI-, cGlu, cLac, ctHb,sO2, FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb,FHbF and ctBil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC1: Albumin (ALB), Blood UreaNitrogen (BUN), Calcium (CA),Chloride (CL), Cholesterol (CHOL),Creatinine (CREA), Glucose (GLU),Potassium (K), Lactate (LAC),Lithium (LITH), Magnesium (MG),Sodium (NA), Phosphorous (PHOS),Total Protein (TP), Triglycerides(TRIG), and Uric Acid (UA)GC2: Ammonia (NH3), CarbonDioxide (CO2), Ethanol (ETOH), andIron (FE)GC3: Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP),Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT),Amylase (AMY), AspartateAminotransferase (AST), CreatineKinase (CK), Gamma-GlutamylTransferase (GGT), LactateDehydrogenase (LD) and Lipase(LIP)GC4: Direct Bilirubin (DBIL) andTotal Bilirubin (TBIL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 °C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device (VK-R5 VerificationKit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K091225)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months (as a maximum,depending on the remaining shelflife of the oldest component)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open vial stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A, shall be used immediately</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 (4 levels for Glu)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device (VK-R7 VerificationKit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K091225)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use.Verification Kits VK-3, VK-4, VK-R5, VK-R7 and VK-Crea areassayed quality control systemsfor calibration verification for theparameters and the analyzerslisted in the insert specifying thecontrol ranges.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Validate GC1, GC2, GC3 and GC4Calibration Verification/Linearity TestSets are intended for in vitrodiagnostic use in the quantitativedetermination of linearity, calibrationverification and verification ofreportable range in automated, semiautomated, and manual chemistrysystems. See attached PackageInsert labeling for all analytesclaimed.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJY (Multi-analyte controls, allkinds (assayed))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJY (Multi-analyte controls, all kinds(assayed))</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aqueous</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC1: Human serumGC2: AqueousGC3: Human serumGC4: Human serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IUPAC pH scale, NIST SRM,SIGMA, IFCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIST SRM, primary analyticalstandards</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurands</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH, pCO2, pO2, cK+, cNa+,cCa2+, cCI-, cGlu, cLac, ctHb,sO2, FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb,FHbF and ctBil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC1: Albumin (ALB), Blood UreaNitrogen (BUN), Calcium (CA),Chloride (CL), Cholesterol (CHOL),Creatinine (CREA), Glucose (GLU),Potassium (K), Lactate (LAC),Lithium (LITH), Magnesium (MG),Sodium (NA), Phosphorous (PHOS),Total Protein (TP), Triglycerides(TRIG), and Uric Acid (UA)GC2: Ammonia (NH3), CarbonDioxide (CO2), Ethanol (ETOH), andIron (FE)GC3: Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP),Alanine Aminotransferase (ÅLT),Amylase (AMY), AspartateAminotransferase (AST), CreatineKinase (CK), Gamma-GlutamylTransferase (GGT), LactateDehydrogenase (LD) and Lipase(LIP)GC4: Direct Bilirubin (DBIL) andTotal Bilirubin (TBIL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 °C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device (VK-R7 VerificationKit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K091225)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months (as a maximum,depending on the remaining shelflife of the oldest component)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open vial stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A, shall be used immediately</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 (4 levels for p02 and ctHb)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr></table>

# VK-Crea Verification Kit

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device (VK-CreaVerification Kit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K091225)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use.Verification Kits VK-3, VK-4, VK-R5, VK-R7 and VK-Crea areassayed quality control systemsfor calibration verification for theparameters and the analyzerslisted in the insert specifying thecontrol ranges.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Validate GC1, GC2, GC3 and GC4Calibration Verification/Linearity TestSets are intended for in vitrodiagnostic use in the quantitativedetermination of linearity, calibrationverification and verification ofreportable range in automated, semiautomated, and manual chemistrysystems. See attached PackageInsert labeling for all analytesclaimed.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJY (Multi-analyte controls, allkinds (assayed))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJY (Multi-analyte controls, all kinds(assayed))</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aqueous</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC1: Human serumGC2: AqueousGC3: Human serumGC4: Human serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIST SRM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIST SRM, primary analyticalstandards</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurands</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cCrea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC1: Albumin (ALB), Blood UreaNitrogen (BUN), Calcium (CA),Chloride (CL), Cholesterol (CHOL),Creatinine (CREA), Glucose (GLU),Potassium (K), Lactate (LAC),Lithium (LITH), Magnesium (MG),Sodium (NA), Phosphorous (PHOS),Total Protein (TP), Triglycerides(TRIG), and Uric Acid (UA)GC2: Ammonia (NH3), CarbonDioxide (CO2), Ethanol (ETOH), andIron (FE)GC3: Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP),Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT),Amylase (AMY), AspartateAminotransferase (AST), CreatineKinase (CK), Gamma-GlutamylTransferase (GGT), LactateDehydrogenase (LD) and Lipase(LIP)GC4: Direct Bilirubin (DBIL) andTotal Bilirubin (TBIL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 - 8 °C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 - 8 °C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months (as a maximum,depending on the remaining shelflife of the oldest component)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Differences</td></tr><tr><td>Issue</td><td>SE Device (VK-Crea Verification Kit)</td><td>Predicate Device (K091225)</td></tr><tr><td>Open vial stability</td><td>N/A, shall be used immediately</td><td>12 months</td></tr><tr><td>Levels</td><td>4</td><td>6</td></tr></table>

# 7 Performance Characteristics

# 7.1 Stability

The expiration date of a specific kit is defined as the earliest of the expiration dates for the individual components of the kit as specified in the labeling for the components. Since the stability is not affected by the repackaging, the stability is documented by reference to K150226, K130236, K980135, K130415, K051928 and K051968.

# 7.2 Storage

The storage conditions for the kits are the storage conditions for the most temperature sensitive component in the kits as specified in the labeling for the components. Storage conditions are $2 ^ { \circ } C - 8 ^ { \circ } C$ for VK-3, VK-R5, VK-R7 and VK-Crea. Storage conditions are ${ 2 } ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ – ${ 2 5 ^ { \circ } } { \mathsf C }$ for VK-4. Since the stability is not affected by the repackaging, the stability and storage conditions are documented by reference to K150226, K130236, K980135, K130415, K051928 and K051968.

# 7.3 Traceability

The assigned values for each of the parameters are traceable to established international references as defined for the individual components and are unchanged. Since the value assignment and traceability are not affected by the repackaging, the traceability is documented by reference to K150226, K130236, K980135, K130415, K051928 and K051968.

# 7.4 Value assignment

The assigned values for each of the parameters are transferred unchanged from the labeling of the individual components to the Verification Kits. Since the value assignment is not affected by the repackaging, the value assignment is documented by reference to K150226, K130236, K980135, K130415, K051928 and K051968.

# 8 Conclusion

The Verification Kits (listed below) are substantially equivalent in intended use, fundamental scientific technology, features, and characteristics to the predicate device Validate GC1, GC2, GC3 and GC4 Calibration Verification/Linearity Test Set (K091225).

Verification Kits included in this 510(k):

VK-3 Verification Kit VK-4 Verification Kit VK-R5 Verification Kit VK-R7 Verification Kit VK-Crea Verification Kit