INFRARED LABORATORY SYSTEMS, LLC (DBA SYNERMED)   
JULIE PASCHAL   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST June 24, 2016   
17408 TILLER COURT SUITE 1900   
WESTFIELD IN 40674

Re: K153692 Trade/Device Name: Synermed Glucose Reagent, Synermed IR-1200 Chemistry Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CGA, JJE Dated: June 20, 2016 Received: June 21, 2016

Dear Ms. Paschal:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For:

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K153692

Device Name Synermed Glucose Reagent Synermed IR-1200 Chemistry Analyzer

The Syerme Gluco Reagent is or the in i quantitativemeasuement gucos  sr n theSyem disorders including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

The Synermed IR-1200 Chemistry Analyzers intended for in vitro diagnostic use as a multiparameter cheisty ocalzcTt vi measurements for glucose in serum. The device is intended for use only in clinical laboratories.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburenimohcolectininformation isestiate oaveraehours per eponse,ncludi t time to review instructions, search existing dat soures, gather and maintain the data needed and coplet and review the collection ofinformation. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspet of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unlessit displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

# 1. Company Information

Infrared Laboratory Systems, LLC   
17408 Tiller Court Suite 1900   
Westfield, Indiana 46074   
Telephone; (317) 896-1565   
FAX: (317) 896-1566

# 2. Contact Information

Julie Paschal Regulatory Affairs Specialist Telephone: 336-235-3057 Email: jpaschal@slplabs.com

3. Date Prepared: June 20, 2016

4. Device Trade Name: Synermed Glucose Reagent; Synermed IR-1200 Chemistry Analyzer

5. Common Name: Glucose test system; Chemistry Analyzer

6. Classification Name: Glucose test, Class II; Discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use, Class I

7. Classification Regulation: 21CFR862.1345, 21CFR862.2160

8. Classification Product Code: CGA, JJE

9. Panel: Chemistry (75)

10. Reagent Device Classification:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClassificationRegulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.2160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrete photometricchemistry analyzer forclinical use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr></table>

11. Identification of Predicates:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K872494</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BoehringerMannheimCorp (Roche)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hitachi 717chemistryanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K903063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Synermed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SynermedGlucoseReagent</td></tr></table>

# 12. Device Description

Synermed IR-1200 Glucose Reagent The Synermed Glucose is ready to use. The composition of the Synermed Glucose Oxidase Reagent is as follows: $2 8 0 ~ \mathrm { \textmu m o l / L }$ N-sulfopropyl-N-ethyl-3, 5-dimethylaniline, $2 8 0 ~ \mathrm { \textmu m o l / L }$ ampyrone, $1 4 0 0 \mathrm { U / L }$ peroxidase (horseradish) and $1 8 { , } 0 0 0 \mathrm { U / L }$ glucose oxidase.

Synermed IR-1200 Chemistry Analyzer

The IR-1200 Chemistry Analyzer is a multiparameter chemistry instrument that quantitates the levels of analytes in serum using spectrophotometric measurement. The system uses Synermed liquid-stable reagent systems that have been previously cleared by FDA.

The IR-1200 Chemistry Analyzer is a discrete analyzer with STAT priority capabilities and an externalized computer. The instrument features a user-friendly software operating system, optical unit, precision pipetting and electronic system. Twelve wavelengths are included ranging from $3 4 0 ~ \mathrm { n m }$ to $8 0 0 \ \mathrm { n m }$ . The instrument’s capabilities include: sample pipetting, reagent pipetting, anti-interference, mixing, pre-heating, reaction monitoring, calculation, display and printing of results. After the measurement is complete, the system rinses and dries the cuvettes. The system automates the manual functions and, as a result, it enhances efficiency, diminishes errors, thus improving the accuracy and precision of test results.

# 13. Intended Use

# Synermed Glucose Reagent

The Synermed Glucose Reagent is for the in vitro quantitative measurement of glucose on serum on the Synermed IR-1200. Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

# Synermed IR-1200 Chemistry Analyzer

The Synermed IR-1200 analyzer is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as a multiparameter chemistry instrument that quantitates the levels of constituents in serum. The analyzer is an automated, random access, computer controlled, clinical chemistry analyzer for clinical chemistry tests. The instrument provides in vitro quantitative measurements for glucose in serum. The device is intended for use only in clinical laboratories.

# 14. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

The new device is substantially equivalent to the predicate because it has the same intended use and has the same or similar technological characteristics including safety and effectiveness. The same specimen type can be analyzed and both analyzers use spectrophotometry to detect the amount of absorbance which is proportional to the concentration of the analyte in the specimen. Both analyzers wash and reuse PMMA cuvettes as well as use the same temperature ranges and the incubation for the reaction occurs at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Analyzer performance was quantified using the same previously cleared reagent systems.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Items</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device: Synermed IR-1200Chemistry Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Roche/BoehringerMannheimHitachi 717ChemistryAnalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarity/Difference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Synermed IR-1200 chemistry analyzeris an automated clinical analyzer for invitro diagnostic use only in clinicallaboratories. It is intended to be used for avariety of assay methods. The analyzerprovides in vitro quantitativedeterminations for glucosee in serumsamples.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Environment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical laboratory use only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220 VAC, 50/60 Hz</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115 VAC, 60 Hz</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Methods</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endpoint, kinetic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Methods</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear and Nonlinear calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throughput (Max)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800 photometric tests/ hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 photometrictests/ hour</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration/QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Programmable Cal/QC, will repeatautomatically if out of range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Photometer wavelength</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340-800 (12 wavelengths)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Absorbance Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-3.3 Absorbance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-3.2 Absorbance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reaction Cuvettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reusable PMMA (Polymethylmethacrylate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lightpath</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5cm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6cm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5-35μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-20μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-350μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-350μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reaction Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120-450μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250-400μL</td></tr></table>

Differences

The Synermed IR-1200 can use smaller reagent and sample volumes than the Hitachi 717. The Synermed IR-1200 is smaller and weighs less than the Hitachi 717. The Synermed IR-1200 can use up to 4 reagents to perform an analysis while the Hitachi 717 can only use 2 reagents.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Items</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device: SynermedIR-1200 Glucose Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Synermed GlucoseReagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarity/Difference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the quantitativemeasurement of glucose inserum.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the quantitative measurementof glucose in serum and plasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxidase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and Plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-885 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 15. Summary of Performance Testing

The purpose of the performance studies was to validate that the previously cleared reagents have the same performance characteristics on the proposed new analyzer (Synermed IR-1200) as compared to the previously cleared Hitachi 717. The sponsor has chosen the representative analyte Glucose using serum as the representative sample matrix.

# Analytical Performance

# a. Precision/Reproducibility

Verification of precision on the Synermed IR-1200 was accomplished by implementing the study protocol laid out in CLSI document EP05-A3. Five concentrations of pooled patient serum were run for glucose. Each aliquot was run in duplicate twice a day for twenty days for a total of 80 measurements at each concentration. The mean, standard deviation and coefficient of variation were determined for glucose at each concentration. Additionally, the percentage of imprecision and total error was calculated. The results are displayed in the tables below.

# Results:

Figure 1 – Glucose Mean, Standard Deviation & $\% \mathbf { C V }$ for all 80 Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mg/dL glucose)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S.D.(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.V.(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S.D.(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.V.(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>626.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr></table>

Linearity studies were designed using CLSI EP06-A. Samples were prepared by intermixing a high serum pool with a low serum pool to obtain thirteen concentrations across the measuring range with four replicates at each concentration. The observed values were compared to the expected values and the results of linear regression are summarized below.

Linearity Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{2$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample RangeTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claimed MeasuringRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9928</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3499</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5-900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-885</td></tr></table>

# Calibrators

The Synermed IR Cal II was previously cleared in K940571 and is traceable to NIST standard number 917-C; no modification was made.

# c. Analytical Specificity

Interference studies were performed according to CLSI EP07-A2. Effects of common endogenous substances including bilirubin, hemoglobin, triglycerides and uric acid were evaluated by spiking serum pools with interferent at two analyte levels and at two concentrations of interferent. Additionally, common medications known to potentially affect the glucose assay were also tested at two analyte levels and at two concentrations of interferent. The sponsor defined significant interference as a bias of $2 \pm 1 0 \%$ between the spiked and unspiked samples. Finally, any substance seen to interfere with the glucose assay was further studied using the dose-response procedure laid out on CLSI EP07-A2. Synermed will still reference in the product insert Young, D.S., Effects of Drugs on Clinical Laboratory Tests, ${ 5 } ^ { t h }$ ed. Vol.2 AACC Press, Washington, D.C., 2000. The test results are summarized below:

Effects of common endogenous substances including conjugated bilirubin (0.76 and $2 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ), unconjugated bilirubin (0.76 and $2 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ), hemoglobin (100 and $5 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ , triglycerides (176.99 and $3 2 7 4 . 3 4 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ ) and uric acid (11.77 and $2 3 . 5 4 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ) were evaluated at two different glucose concentrations $8 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $1 2 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ ) for interference. Furthermore, the following exogenous substances: ascorbic acid (1.22 and $6 . 0 2 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ), acetaminophen (20.11 and $2 0 0 . 1 8 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ), genatmicin (7.51 and $1 0 . 0 5 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ), ibuprofen (40.08 and $5 0 0 . 2 1 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ), L-dopa (0.41 and $1 . 2 4 \mu \mathrm { g / m l / L }$ ), methyldopa (4.24 and $1 4 . 9 9 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ), N-acetylcysteine (0.08 and $0 . 2 5 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ , ofloxacin (8.78 and $1 7 . 5 \mathrm { m g / L }$ ), salicyluric acid 0.2 and $0 . 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ), tetracycline (3.78 and $1 6 . 2 7 \mu \mathrm { g . m L }$ ) were evaluated at two different glucose concentrations $\mathrm { 8 0 m g / d L }$ and $1 2 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ) for interference. The sponsor defined non-significant interference when the bias between the tested and control samples are within $+ / - 1 0 \%$ .

The sponsor identified ascorbic acid, methyldopa, levofloxacin, salicyluric acid, uric acid as interferants (see table).

The Synermed Glucose measurement procedure was evaluated for interference according to CLSI document EP07-A2. The following study results demonstrate that the following substances do not interfere with the Synermed Glucose assay at the highest concentration listed. A bias of $< \pm 9 . 9 9 \%$ is considered non-significant interference.\*

Figure 2 – Results Summary, Dose-Response   

<table><tr><td>Interfering Substance</td><td>Highest Tested Concentration of Substance Without Significant Interference at Glucose Concentration = 80mg/dL</td><td>Highest Tested Concentration of Substance Without Significant Interference at Glucose Concentration = 120mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Ascorbic Acid</td><td>4.82mg/dL</td><td>4.82mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Methyldopa</td><td>12.31μg/mL</td><td>12.31μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Ofloxacin</td><td>8.78mg/L</td><td>8.78mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Salicyluric Acid</td><td>0.5μg/mL</td><td>0.6μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Uric Acid</td><td>20.6mg/dL</td><td>20.6mg/dL</td></tr></table>

\*Upper limit of $9 5 \%$ confidence interval. Glucose

Significant interference from uric acid was observed when testing at both concentrations of glucose. Additionally, significant interference was seen with the following exogenous substances: ascorbic acid, methyldopa and salicyluric acid. See table below:

Figure 3 – Significant Interferents and Their Bias   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% BiasSeen atGlucose80mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% BiasSeen atGlucose120mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AscorbicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.02mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-13.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.99ug/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SalicyluricAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6ug/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-13.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8.7 *notsignificant</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.54mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11.5</td></tr></table>

d. Detection Limit   
Refer to the linearity data for the linearity results used to support the measuring range.   
Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) were evaluated following CLSI EP17-A. Results are summarized in the table below.

# Results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClaimedRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose (Serum) (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-885</td></tr></table>

# e. Comparison Studies

Method comparison was performed according to CLSI EP09-A3, 115 samples for glucose were tested on the IR-1200 and Hitachi 717 chemistry analyzers. Thirteen percent (15 of the 115) samples studied were modified to cover the entire claimed measuring range. Modification of samples was obtained by intermixing patient serum pools with disparate results.

# Results:

<table><tr><td>Test</td><td>Sample Type</td><td>Total # Samples</td><td>Sample Range Tested</td><td>Claimed Measuring Range</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>Correlation Coefficient</td></tr><tr><td>Glucose mg/dL</td><td>Serum</td><td>115</td><td>15-885</td><td>8-885</td><td>0.988</td><td>-0.178</td><td>0.9994</td></tr></table>

# 16. Expected Values/Reference Range

The sponsor has provided the following Expected Values in labeling: Glucose: $7 4 - 1 0 6 \mathrm { m g / d L }$

References: Tietz NW, editor: Fundamentals of Clinical Chemistry, $6 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ ed., WB Saunders Co., PA, 2008.

# 17. Conclusions

The new device is substantially equivalent to the predicate because it has the same intended use and has the same or similar technological characteristics that do not raise new types of questions of safety and effectiveness.