ABBOTT DIABETES CARE INC.   
ARUL STERLIN   
ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, REGULATORY AFFAIRS 1360 SOUTH LOOP ROAD   
ALAMEDA CA 94202

Re: K153330 Trade/Device Name: FreeStyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, LFR Dated: November 23, 2015 Received: November 24, 2015

Dear Arul Sterlin:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For:

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name FreeStyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe) The Freestyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger, and in venous and arterial whole blood.

The Freestyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. This system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices.

The system should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for neonatal testing.

The Freestyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the Freestyle Precision Neo H Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger, and from venous and arterial whole blood.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

According to the requirements per 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ , the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>February 17, 2016</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Company.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Laboratories</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Division:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Diabetes Care, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Street Address:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1360 South Loop Road</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>City, State Zip:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alameda, CA 94502</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Telephone No:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510-749-5400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fax No:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510-864-4791</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arul SterlinTel No. 510-864-4310Fax No. 510-864-4791arul.sterlin@abbott.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClassificationName:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Dehydrogenase, Glucose, Class II (21 CFR§ 862.1345)Product codes: NBW, LFR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and Beta-Ketone MonitoringSystem (k132511)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LegalManufacturer:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment:Abbott Diabetes Care Ltd.Range RoadWitney, OxonOX29 OYL, UK</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U.S. Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment:Abbott Diabetes Care Inc.1360 South Loop RoadAlameda, CA 94502</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use:

The Freestyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger, and in venous and arterial whole blood.

The Freestyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. This system should only be used with singleuse, auto-disabling lancing devices.

The system should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for neonatal testing.

The Freestyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the Freestyle Precision Neo H Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger, and from venous and arterial whole blood.

# Description of the Device:

The FreeStyle Precision Neo H meter provides the following features:

Quantitative measurement of glucose in capillary, venous and arterial whole blood samples • Quality Control Reminder Out-of-Range Indicators

The FreeStyle Precision Neo H Meter is for use by healthcare professionals (HCPs) for multiple-patient use. The FreeStyle Precision Neo H Meter, in conjunction with the FreeStyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Test Strips, works on the principal of amperometric technology, measuring glucose by its reaction with Glucose Dehydrogenase (GDH) in blood samples or control solutions, through electrical mediation.

The FreeStyle Precision Neo H System is compatible with the following components and accessories:

• FreeStyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Test Strips • MediSense Glucose and Ketone Control Solutions • FreeStyle Auto-Assist Neo Data Management System • USB Cable

# Principles of Operation:

The FreeStyle Precision Neo H Meter (in conjunction with blood glucose test strips) utilizes amperometric technology to quantitatively measure the glucose concentration in whole blood samples (capillary from the finger tip, venous and arterial) and in MediSense Glucose & Ketone Control Solutions.

The FreeStyle Precision Neo H Meter measures glucose electrically. The glucose biosensor is capable of recognizing the glucose present in whole blood or control solutions by virtue of the glucose specificity of the enzyme GDH present on the glucose test strip. The electrons liberated by this reaction are transferred via a co-factor and mediator to the meter where they are read as a small electrical current. The size of the current is directly proportional to the level of the glucose in the applied sample.

The apply blood symbol is displayed for the user to apply blood to the test strip until the meter begins the test. The meter detects trigger current from the test strip when enough blood has covered the strip electrodes and the test countdown will start. When the countdown is complete a test result is displayed on the meter screen. The unit of measure displayed on the meter screen is fixed in $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ and cannot be modified by the user.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The FreeStyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate, which was cleared by the Agency on December 24, 2013, to market under k132511: FreeStyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Monitoring System. The results obtained from performance studies and clinical studies demonstrate that the FreeStyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Monitoring System is safe and effective for its intended use and technological characteristics, and therefore, substantially equivalent to the predicate device (k132511).

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

The similarities and differences between the FreeStyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Monitoring System and the predicate (k132511) are highlighted in the table below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PRODUCT NAME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Precision Neo HBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem (k153330)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Precision Pro BloodGlucose and Beta-KetoneMonitoring System (k132511)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTICS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fundamental Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FreeStyle Precision NeoH System (in conjunctionwith blood glucose test strips)utilizes amperometrictechnology to quantitativelymeasure the glucoseconcentration in whole bloodsamples.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose HematocritRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15-65%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Operating Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 years</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cleaning andDisinfection Cycles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,950 cycles validated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Humidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Sample volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6 microliters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose HematocritCompensation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Assay Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59° to 104°F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td>PRODUCT NAME</td><td>FreeStyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k153330)</td><td>FreeStyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and Beta-Ketone Monitoring System (k132511)</td></tr><tr><td>CHARACTERISTICS Indications for Use</td><td>The Freestyle Precision Neo H</td><td>The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and β-Ketone</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger, and in venous and arterial whole blood when used within 30 minutes after collection. The Freestyle Precision Neo H Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare</td><td>Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger, and from venous, arterial and neonatal whole blood, and for the quantitative measurement of β- ketone (beta- hydroxybutyrate) in flesh capillary whole blood from the finger and venous, arterial, and neonatal whole blood when used within 30 minutes after collection. The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. This system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices.</td><td>in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. This system should only be used with single use, auto-disabling lancing devices.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The system should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes.</td><td>The system should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes. The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the Freestyle Precision</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PRODUCT NAME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Precision Neo HBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem (k153330)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Precision Pro BloodGlucose and Beta-KetoneMonitoring System (k132511)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTICS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Freestyle Precision NeoH Blood Glucose Test Stripsare for use with the FreestylePrecision Neo H Meter toquantitatively measureglucose (sugar) in freshcapillary whole blood sampledrawn from the fingertips, anfrom venous and arterialwhole blood.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pro Blood Glucose and β-KetoneMeter to quantitatively measureglucose (sugar) in fresh capillarywhole blood samples drawn fromthe fingertips and from venous,arterial. and neonatal wholeblood. The Freestyle PrecisionPro Blood β-Ketone Test Stripsare for use with the FreestylePrecision Pro Blood Glucose andP-Ketone Meter to quantitativelymeasure β-ketone in freshcapillary whole blood samplesdrawn from the fingertips andfrom venous, arterial, andneonatal whole blood.Freestyle Precision Pro BloodGlucose and β-KetoneMonitoring System enablesautomatic transmission of storeddata to a data managementsystem using the docking station(optional), a data upload cable(optional), or wirelessly(optional) in a WiFi enabledfacility when the meter and datamanagement systems areproperly configured.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product ClassificationCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NBW, LFR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NBW, JIN, JQP, LFR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh capillary whole bloodfrom the finger, venous andarterial whole blood samples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh capillary whole bloodfrom the finger, venous, arterial,and neonatal whole bloodsamples</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ROM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode scanner</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Altitude</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000 feet above sea level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7,200 feet above sea level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data ManagementSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Auto Assist NeoData Management System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision Web Point-of-CareHealth Management System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Upload</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB Data Cable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB Data Cable, DockingStation or Wireless</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible Test Strips</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Precision Neo HBlood Glucose Test Strips</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Precision Pro BloodGlucose Test Strips andFreeStyle Precision Pro Bloodβ-Ketone Test Strips</td></tr></table>