Re: K153201 Trade/Device Name: SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Blood Glucose Monitoring System, SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: May 23, 2016 Received: May 26, 2016

Dear Ms. Priscilla Chung:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K153201

Device Name SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement o gucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from fingertip, palm, upperarm, o forearm. SD GlucoNavi $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Blo GMyss enhoulo har I fo -eti heoy  oidibosn effectiveness of diabetes control.

The SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes. The SD GlucoNavi $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not for use in neonates. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Blood Glucose M nveysuuo ar pia ho lo mprawnfom, forearm, upper arm, or palm.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Te buren tmorcolletionoation ate verhours ons,cl time to reviw instructions, search existing data sources, gather andmaintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Number (if known) K153201

Device Name SD GlucoNavii $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative mc ua piy o lfoe p pr TeSD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro sl eeebeonro aTh ysouly usiutiabge devices.

The SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes. The SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not for use in u .

SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Multi Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Multi Blood Gluose Meter t quantiatively measure gucose (ugar) in fresh capillary whole bloodsamples drawn rom the fingertips, forearm, upper arm, or palm.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Te buren tmorcolletionoation ate verhours ons,cl time to reviw instructions, search existing data sources, gather andmaintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

# (k153201)

This summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

# Date of Summary: June 22, 2016

# 1. SUBMITTER'S IDENTIFICATION:

# Manufacturer

SD Biosensor, Inc.   
C-4th&5th, 16, Deogyeong-Daero,1556beon-Gil, Yeongtong-Gu, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-Do, KOREA, REPUBLIC OF 443-813   
TEL: 82-31-300-0423   
FAX: 82-31-300-0497

# Contact Person

SunYoung Jeong   
Email: syj@sdbiosensor.com   
Official Correspondent (U.S. designated agent) Priscilla Chung (Regulatory Consultant) SD Biosensor, Inc.   
c/o LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.   
2651 E Chapman Ave Ste 110, Fullerton CA 92831   
TEL: (714) 202-5789   
FAX: (714) 409-3357   
E-MAIL: juhee.c@lkconsultinggroup.com

# 2. DEVICE NAME:

# Proprietary Name:

SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
21 CFR §862.1345   
Blood Glucose Test System   
NBW   
CGA   
I   
Common Name:   
Regulation Number:   
Classification Name:   
Product Code:   
SubsequentProduct Code:   
Regulatory Class:

# 3. PREDICATE DEVICES:

SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System and SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K132929) by SD Biosensor, Inc.

# 4. DEVICEDESCRIPTION:

SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT and BT Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems are OTC/ Rx blood glucose monitoring systems. The SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT Blood Glucose Monitoring System is indicated for singlepatient use at home (over-the-counter; OTC) and should not be shared, while the SD GlucoNavi Mentor BT MultiBlood Glucose Monitoring Systemis for multi-patient use in a professional healthcare settingover-thecounter; OTC and prescription; POC), in order to help monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

Adropo lood sample rom the nger prick works wit gucoxidase and themediators in the tet k and displays the blood glucose result equivalent to the current.

The user can search the stored results with three presentations of 7, 14 and 30-day averages of test results store in memory: normal, pre-meal and post-meal state averages. The system can set the beep, hypo warnng, rlar   l displayed with $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ unit. A check strip allows the meter to check a problem and the control solution allows the meter and test strip to be checked.

A Bluetooth unit for data transfer has been added to the subject devices in addition to NFC and USB cable communication features.

The following modifications were made on the subject device from the predicate device (K132929).

The addition of Bluetooth for wireless transmission of data to mobile device or PC, and which comprises the following modifications:

i. Changed printed circuit board (PCB) layout.   
ii. Added Bluetooth module to PCB.   
iii. Added and deleted electronic components to support the Bluetooth Module.   
iv. Deleted USB communication circuit.   
V. Changed Firmware.   
vi. Added Bluetooth icon to display.   
vii. Extended automatic meter shutofftimes to allow enough time for data transfer via Bluetooth.

2) Memory capacity for stored glucose test results decreased from 300 to 100 records.

3) The trade name of the systems has changed from SD GlucoNavii $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System and SD GlucoNavii $^ { \textregistered }$ Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System to SD GlucoNavii $^ { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Blood Glucose Monitoring System and SD GlucoNavii $^ { \textregistered }$ Mentor BT Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

# 5. INDICATION FOR USE:

# SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT Blood Glucose Monitoring System

SD lco shared.It

Th

capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm, upper arm, or palm.

# SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

SD GlucoN should only be used with auto-disabling, single-use lancing devices.

Th rapidly).

in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm, upper arm, or palm.

# ${ \bf 6 . }$ COMPARISION TO PREDICATE DEVICE:

Thc subject and predicate devices are the same in intended uses and basic fundamental scientific technology.   
Please refer to the following similarities and difference comparison chart:

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td colspan="2">Unmodified device (K132929)</td><td colspan="2">Modified(subject) device (K153201)</td><td>Discussion of Differences</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Name</td><td>SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td><td>SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td><td>SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td><td>SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td><td>different</td></tr><tr><td>Manufacturer</td><td>SD Biosensor, Inc.</td><td></td><td>SD Biosensor Inc.</td><td></td><td>identical identical</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code</td><td>CGA, NBW SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Blood</td><td>SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Multi SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT Blood</td><td>CGA, NBW</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="13"></td><td>Glucose Monitoring System is</td><td>Blood Glucose Monitoring System isGlucose Monitoring System is</td><td></td><td>SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>intended to be used for the</td><td>intended to be used for the</td><td>intended to be used for the</td><td>is intended to be used for the</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>quantitative measurement of</td><td>quantitative measurement of</td><td>quantitative measurement of</td><td>quantitative measurement of</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary</td><td>glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary</td><td>glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary</td><td>glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>whole blood from fingertip, palm,</td><td>whole blood from fingertip, palm,</td><td>whole blood from fingertip, palm,</td><td>whole blood from fingertip, palm,</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>upper arm, or forearm. SD</td><td>upper arm, or forearm. The SD</td><td>upper arm, or forearm. SD</td><td>upper arm, or forearm. The SD</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Blood</td><td>GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC Multi</td><td>GlucoNavii® Mentor BT Blood</td><td>GlucoNavii® Mentor BT Multi Blood</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Glucose Monitoring System is</td><td>Blood Glucose Monitoring System isGlucose Monitoring System is</td><td></td><td>Glucose Monitoring System is</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>intended to be used by a single Indications for Use</td><td>intended for testing outside the person and should not be shared. It</td><td>intended to be used by a single</td><td>intended for testing outside the</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="9"></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td> n dicuanern hol ot e har. It oy vicu </td><td>identical</td></tr><tr><td>is intended for self-testing outside</td><td>intended for multiple-patient use inis intended for self-testing outside</td><td></td><td>is intended for multiple-patient use</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>the body (in vitro diagnostic use)</td><td>professional healthcare settings as</td><td>the body (in vitro diagnostic use)</td><td>in professional healthcare settings</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness</td><td></td><td>by people with diabetes at home as</td><td>asan aid to monitor the</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.</td><td>ofdiabetes control program. This system should only be used with</td><td>an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.</td><td>effectiveness of diabetes control program. This system should only</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>auto-disabling, single-use lancing</td><td></td><td>be used with auto-disabling, single-</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>The SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC</td><td>20devices.</td><td>The SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT</td><td>2e lancing devices.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td><td>The SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC</td><td>Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td><td>The SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes. The SD</td><td>Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the</td><td>should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes. The SD</td><td>Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the</td><td></td></tr></table>

Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Unmodified device(K132929)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Modified(subject) device(K153201)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discussion ofDifferences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>GlucoNavii®Mentor NFC BloodGlucose Monitoring System is notfor use in neonates. Alternative sitetesting should be done only duringsteady-state times (when glucose is neonates Alternative site testingnot changing rapidly). SDGlucoNavii® Mentor NFC BloodGlucose Monitoring System isintended to be used to transmitglucose values to compatiblemobile application or PC softwarethrough use of radio frequencycommunication.SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC BloodGlucose Test Strips are for use withSD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC BloodGlucose Meter to quantitativelymeasure glucose (sugar) in freshcapillary whole blood samplesdrawn from the fingertips, forearm,upper arm, or palm.</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>diagnosis of or screening fordiabetes. The SD GlucoNavii®Mentor NFC Multi Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is not for use insteady-state times (when glucose is neonates Alternative site testingshould be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is notchanging rapidly). SD GlucoNavii®Mentor NFC Multi Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is intended tobe used to transmit glucose valuesto compatible mobile application or measure glucose (sugar) in freshPC software through use of radiofrequency communication.SD GlucoNavii® Mentor NFC MultiBlood Glucose Test Strips are foruse with SD GlucoNavii® MentorNFC Multi Blood Glucose Meter toquantitatively measure glucose(sugar) in fresh capillary wholeblood samples drawn from thefingertips, forearm, upper arm, orpalm.</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>GlucoNavii®Mentor BT BloodGlucose Monitoring System is notfor use in neonates. Alternative sitetesting should be done only duringsteady-state times (when glucose is neonates Alternative site testingnot changing rapidly).SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT BloodGlucose Test Strips are for use withSD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT BloodGlucose Meter to quantitativelyto compatible mobile application or measure glucose (sugar) in freshcapillary whole blood samplesdrawn from the fingertips, forearm,quantitatively measure glucoseupper arm, or palm.</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>diagnosis of or screening fordiabetes. The SD GlucoNavii®Mentor BT Multi Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is not for use insteady-state times (when glucose is neonates Alternative site testingshould be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is notchanging rapidly).SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BT MultiBlood Glucose Test Strips are foruse with SD GlucoNavii® Mentor BTMulti Blood Glucose Meter todrawn from the fingertips, forearm,quantitatively measure glucose(sugar) in fresh capillary wholeblood samples drawn from thefingertips, forearm, upper arm, orpalm.</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e in</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>20-600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>10-45°C (50-113°F) for blood sample / 18-30°C (64-86°F) for control solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>15-95% RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Altitude</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>up to 11,351ft.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory Capacity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>300 test results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100 test results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>different</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Dimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>50mm x 93mm x 18mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>50g with battery</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unmodified device(K132929)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified(subject) deviceK53201)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discussion of Diferences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Unit of measureSample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Fresh capillary whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Fingertip, palm, forearm or upper arm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.3 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monitor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LCD display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> Baccklight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Supply</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3V CR2032 Battery x1(Replaceable)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Saving</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Approximately 1,000 Tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Glucose Oxidase (GOD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Electrochemical biosensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Test strip capillary draw</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Plasma-calibrated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>idntical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip StorageTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2-32°C(36-90°F)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Sti Storage Humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>10-95%RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC link Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes, USB Cable or NFC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes, NFC, or Bluetooth</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>different</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Smart device link Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes, NFC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes, NFC or Bluetooth</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>different</td></tr></table>

# 7. DISCUSSION OF NON-CLINICAL TESTS PERFORMED FOR DETERMINATION OF SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE ARE AS FOLLOWS:

There are anumber fdierences between the modified devices and the modifid devices as presenten the table above in section 6, however, the differences were evaluated through design control, risk analysis and anefectivenessBaseon theormation provide in thi sumissionwe concludehat he modifi devi s substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# 8. DISCUSSION OF CLINICAL TESTS PERFORMED:

Clinical sensitivity and clinical specificity testing are not applicable.

# 9. CONCLUSION:

Base odocmentationsupplidwiththissubmission, conclusions rawnfrom dsg contro,skanalysis and van devices.