ORTHO-CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS, INC. DARLENE PHILLIPS   
MANAGER REGULATORY AFFAIRS 100 INDIGO CREEK DRIVE MC00881 ROCHESTER NY 14626

Re: K160495 Trade/Device Name: VITROS $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Automation Solutions Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1700 Regulation Name: Total thyroxine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: KLI, JJE, KLT, LCD Dated: August 19, 2016 Received: August 22, 2016

Dear Darlene Phillips:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K160495

Device Name VITROS $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Automation Solutions

Indications for Use (Describe)   
VITROS $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Automation Solutions is intended to automate pre-analytical and post-analytical sample processing in the clinical laboratory. VITROS $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Automation Solutions allows the consolidation of software, automation modules and clinical analyzers, such as VITROS $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Systems into a unified workstation to perform a variety of assays such as total T4, carbamazepine and gentamicin.

Carbamazepine measurements are used to monitor patient compliance and therapy, and to diagnose potential overdose. Gentamicin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of gentamicin overdose and in monitoring levels of gentamicin to ensure appropriate therapy. Total thyroxine (T4) measurements are used to aid in the differential diagnosis of thyroid disease.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# Submitter Information

Name Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc. Address 100 Indigo Creek Drive   
Rochester, New York 14626 Phone number (585) 453-4253   
Fax number (585) 453-3368   
Establishment   
Registration 1319681   
Number   
Name of contact Darlene J Phillips   
person   
Date prepared October 6, 2016

# Name of devices

Trade or proprietary VITROS® Automation Solutions names

Common or usual Laboratory Automation System name

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulationnumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Productcode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deviceclass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Review panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine testsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3645</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KLT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total thyroxine testsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KLI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ⅱ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrete photometricchemistry analyzers forclinical use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.2160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# Legally marketed device(s) to which equivalence is claimed

Ortho claims that VITROS® Automation Solutions is substantially equivalent to the enGen™ Laboratory Automation System with VITROS® 5,1 FS Chemistry System K063144

# Device description

VITROS® Automation Solutions is a configurable, scalable laboratory automation system (LAS) designed to streamline pre and post analytical processes in the clinical laboratory. VITROS® Automation Solutions is comprised of personal computer (PC) Kit(s) (including software and hardware), sample conveyors with turns, parallel and perpendicular bypasses, storage module, single-tube entry, rack entry and exit, centrifuge, de-capper modules and clinical analyzers.

In the basic configuration, patient sample tubes are loaded onto the automation track to be centrifuged, de-capped, and sorted for further processing on clinical analyzers such as the VITROS® Systems. Additional modules may be added to enable aliquot capability, sample capping, and refrigerated storage.

Parallel and perpendicular bypasses are extensions of the automation track that link with an analyzer's existing laboratory automation system (LAS) interface. These bypasses support on-track metering at the analyzer based on point-in-space pipetting technology and robotic interface module (RIM). With point in space pipetting, the automation performs the sample bar code read function, presents the sample identification to the connected analyzer, and then signals for direct sampling of the open tube by the connected analyzer at an aspiration point on the automation track. With robotic interface modules, the sample tube is transferred to the analyzer and the analyzer will read the bar code to identify the sample, aspirate sample from the tube and perform the test(s) requested and then return the tube to the LAS.

VITROS® Automation Solutions allows the establishment of a connection with clinical analyzers such as VITROS® Systems to enable sample routing based on reagent and calibration status. The clinical analyzers, such as VITROS® Systems, will perform all functions with respect to result generation, including sample metering, assay processing and reporting for the assays.

The VITROS® Systems are fully automated, computer controlled, clinical chemistry and immunodiagnostic analyzers intended for the in vitro determination of a variety of general chemistries, therapeutic drugs, drugs of abuse, proteins, infectious diseases, as well as cardiac, metabolic, thyroid, anemia, and oncology markers in biological fluids such as serum, plasma, urine and cerebral spinal fluid.

The VITROS® Systems operate in conjunction with VITROS® Immunodiagnostic and Chemistry Products, reagents, calibrators and controls designed for use with the systems in the MicroSlide, MicroTip or MicroWell format. Representative assays (carbamazepine, gentamicin and total thyroxine) are used to demonstrate acceptable performance.

# Intended Use/ Indications for Use

VITROS® Automation Solutions is intended to automate pre-analytical and post-analytical sample processing in the clinical laboratory. VITROS® Automation Solutions allows the consolidation of software, automation modules and clinical analyzers, such as VITROS® Systems into a unified workstation to perform a variety of assays such as total T4, carbamazepine and gentamicin.

Carbamazepine measurements are used to monitor patient compliance and therapy, and to diagnose potential overdose. Gentamicin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of gentamicin overdose and in monitoring levels of gentamicin to ensure appropriate therapy. Total T4 measurements are used to aid in the differential diagnosis of thyroid disease.

# Comparison with Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities Table</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate deviceenGenTM Laboratory Automation Systemwith VITROS® 5,1 FS Chemistry SystemK063144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New deviceVITROS® AutomationSolutions (sample anddata processing modules,software and clinicalanalyzers, such asVITROS® Systems)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A clinical laboratory automation system that is intended toperform automated pre-analytical and post-analytical sampleand data management. The System automates samplehandling and data management through the use ofmiddleware, automation, driver software and a configurationfile. The System is interfaced mechanically andelectronically to analyzers and a Laboratory InformationSystem (LIS).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Design</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Each installation of the System requires a baselineconfiguration file determined by the unique combination ofmodules and clinical analyzers and the supported test menuthat will be integrated with each installation of the System.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample TransferMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Supports both "Point-in-space" and the physical transfer ofthe sample tube/rack from the automation track to theanalyzer's sample load and identification area usingautomation interface modules.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FundamentalTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Outboard analyzer connections accessed by track bypassmodules and/or robotic interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate deviceenGenTM Laboratory Automation Systemwith VITROS® 5,1 FS Chemistry SystemK063144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New deviceVITROS® AutomationSolutions (sample anddata processing modules,software and clinicalanalyzers, such asVITROS® Systems)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Modules</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Manager Hardware/softwareTCAutomation SoftwareTCAutomation Modules including but not limited to:Rack Entry/Exit Modules, Single Tube EntryModulesConveyors and turnsCentrifuges (operating as a single cluster)DecappersAliquoterRecappersBypasses for analyzers such as VITROS® Systemsand 3rd party analyzersES Flex Module</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ChemistryAnalyzerConnection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical analyzers such as,VITROS® 5,1 FS Chemistry SystemVITROS® 4600 Chemistry SystemVITROS® 3600 Immunodiagnostics SystemsVITROS® 5600 Integrated Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITROS®Products AssaysPerformed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITROS® Chemistry and Immunodiagnostic ProductsAssays such asVITROS® CRBM Slides assayVITROS® GENT Reagent assayVITROS® Total T4 Reagent assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample bar code read by automation linked to Transportcarriers identified on the system by Radio-frequencyidentification (RFID) tags, presented to instrument via BypassModule</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Handling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ability to interface with a LIS device to receive patientidentification and test requests via a communications protocolto provide sample tracking via bar code labeling and RFID.Processes multiple tube sizes/types simultaneously; sorts andmaps samples for routing, storage, and retrieval; performsintelligent sample routing based on system status</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate deviceenGenTM Laboratory Automation Systemwith VITROS® 5,1 FS Chemistry SystemK063144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New deviceVITROS® AutomationSolutions (sample anddata processing modules,software and clinicalanalyzers, such asVITROS® Systems)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SoftwareComponents</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Data InnovationsInstrument ManagerTM Core with driversThermo Fisher Scientific•  TCAutomation software communicates to IM andtrack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSame</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Difference Table</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate deviceenGenTM Laboratory AutomationSystem with VITROS® 5,1 FSChemistry SystemK063144</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">New deviceVITROS® Automation Solutions(sample and data processing modules,software and clinical analyzers, such asVITROS® Systems)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SoftwareComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Developed and provided by OrthoenGen configuration file (gsb)•sample routing and reprocessingincludes Autoverification</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Developed and provided by Data InnovationsIncorporated into Automation Driver,Instrument Driver, Universal LISDriver and Out of Service driverOptional VITROS AutoverificationRules set  developed by DataInnovations</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary:

# Non-Clinical Testing Analytical Performance:

Assay performance characteristics were established in VITROS® CRBM assay K980283, ${ \mathrm { V I T R O S } } ^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ GENT assay K042479 and VITROS® Total T4 assay K964721. These performance characteristics are dependent on the assay and the VITROS® Systems which have not changed.

# Method Comparison

To establish equivalence between results for samples manually introduced to the analyzer versus automated sample introduction and identification to the analyzer, a method comparison has been performed using the VITROS® CRBM, GENT and Total T4 assays.

The comparison study was performed using patient samples processed through the appropriate laboratory protocol using a representative configuration of VITROS® Automation Solutions (on-track) followed by manual load directly to the VITROS® System (off track).

The linear regression analysis demonstrates comparable performance across the range of sample concentrations tested for each representative assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R^{2}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRBM(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.09 - 17.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0905</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9796</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GENT(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63 - 9.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9989</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total T4(nmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.70 - 288.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.1936</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9969</td></tr></table>

The test results showed no clinically significant difference in assay performance between the two sample processing methods. This data demonstrates substantial equivalence between VITROS® Automation Solutions and the stand-alone analyzer, VITROS® Systems.

# Conclusion

The information submitted demonstrates substantial equivalence between VITROS® Automation Solutions and the predicate, enGen™ Laboratory Automation System.