INSTRUMENTATION LABORATORY CO.CAROL MARBLE  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS DIRECTOR  
180 HARTWELL ROAD  
BEDFORD MA 01730

Re: K160402 Trade/Device Name: GEM Premier 5000 (Measured Parameters: Glucose, Lactate and Total Bilirubin) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CGA, MQM, KHP Dated: December 8, 2016 Received: December 9, 2016

Dear Ms. Marble:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K160402

Device Name GEM Premier 5000 (Measured Parameters: Glucose, Lactate, Total Bilirubin)

Indications for Use (Describe)

The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of glucose, lactate and total bilirubin from venous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood. These parameters aid in the diagnosis of a patient’s metabolite balance.

Glucose (Glu) measurement is used in the diagnosis, monitoring and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbances including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathic hypoglycemia, and pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

Lactate (Lac) measurement is used:

• to evaluate the acid-base status of patients suspected of having lactic acidosis;   
• to monitor tissue hypoxia and strenuous physical exertion;   
• in the diagnosis of hyperlactatemia.

Total bilirubin measurement is used to aid in assessing the risk of kernicterus and hyperbilirubinemia in neonates.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co. 180 Hartwell Road Bedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person</td><td>Phone: 781-861-4467 Fax:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td>781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td>Email: cmarble@ilww.com</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>December 8, 2016</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>GEM Premier 5000 (Measured Parameters: Glucose, Lactate, Total Bilirubin)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K133407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose and Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABL 837</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K142898</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Bilirubin</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactic acid test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (total and unbound)in the neonate test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I(Reserved)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MQM</td></tr></table>

\* Meets limitations of exemptions per 21 CFR 862.9(c)(9)

<table><tr><td colspan="2">cl tt wi scuraquntiatimeuenguc ctoalbilub venous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood.</td></tr><tr><td>Key Components</td><td>Description</td></tr><tr><td>Analyzer</td><td>Employs a unique color touch screen and a simple set of menus and buttons for user interaction. The analyzer guides operators through the sampling process with simple, clear messages and prompts.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">GEM Premier 5000 PAK (disposable, multi-use GEM PAK) NOTE: Step 3:</td><td>Houses all required components necessary to operate the instrument once the cartridge is validated. These components include the sensors, CO-Ox/tBili optical cell, Process Control (PC) Solutions, sampler, pump tubing, distribution valve and waste bag. The GEM PAK has flexible menus and test volume options to assist facilities in maximizing efficiency.</td></tr><tr><td>NOTE: The EEPROM on the GEM PAK includes all solution values and controls the analyte menu and number of tests. Step 1: After inserting the GEM PAK, the instrument will perform an</td></tr><tr><td>automated PAK warm-up during which the sensors are hydrated and a variety of checks occur, all of which take about 40 minutes. During warm-up, the instrument requires no user intervention.</td></tr><tr><td>Step 2: After GEM PAK warmup, Auto PAK Validation (APV) process is automatically completed: two completely independent solutions (PC Solution D and E) that are traceable to NIST standards, CLSI procedures or internal standards, containing two levels of concentration for each analyte, are run by the analyzer to validate the integrity of the PC Solutions and the</td></tr><tr><td>Intelligent Quality Management 2 (iQM2)</td><td>quality control process, replacing external quality controls. iQM2 is an active quality process control program designed to provide continuous monitoring of the analytical process before, during and after sample measurement with real-time, automatic error detection, automatic correction of the system and automatic documentation of all corrective actions. iQM2 is a statistical process control system that performs 5 types of continuous, quality checks to monitor the performance of the GEM PAK, sensors, CO-Ox, and reagents. These checks include System, Sensor, IntraSpect, Pattern Recognition and Stability Checks.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Indications for Use / Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td>GEM Premier 5000</td><td>The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of glucose, lactate and total bilirubin from venous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood. These parameters aid in the diagnosis of a patient's metabolite balance. Glucose (Glu) measurement is used in the diagnosis, monitoring and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbances including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathic hypoglycemia, and pancreatic islet cell carcinoma. Lactate (Lac) measurement is used: to evaluate the acid-base status of patients suspected of having lactic acidosis;</td></tr></table>

# Special Conditions for Use Statement

 For prescription use only.   
 For clinical laboratory and point‐of‐care use.

# Eq u iva l e ncy

G E M P re m i e r 5 000 syste m i s s u bsta nt i a l l y e q u iva l e nt i n fu n ct i o n a n d i nte n d e d u se to t h e fo l l ow i n g p re d i cate d evi ces :

P re d i ca te D evi ce N o . 1 : G E M P re m i e r 4000 fo r g l u cose a n d l a cta te .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Trade Names</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K133407</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GEM Premier 5000</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>K160402</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABL 837</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K142898</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Manufacturers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABL 837</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Radiometer Medical ApS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The GEM Premier 4000 is a portable critical care system for use byhealth care professionals to rapidly analyze whole blood samplesat the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in acentral laboratory. The instrument provides quantitativemeasurements of pH, pCO2, pO2, sodium, potassium, chloride,ionized calcium, glucose, lactate, hematocrit, total bilirubin andCO-Oximetry (tHb, OHb, COHb, MetHb, HHb) parameters. Totalbilirubin can also be quantitated from heparinized plasma sampleswhen analyzed in the tBili/Co-Ox mode. These parameters, alongwith derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient&#x27;sacid/base status, electrolyte and metabolite balance and oxygendelivery capacity. Total bilirubin measurements are used in thediagnosis and management of biliary tract obstructions, liverdisease and various hemolytic diseases and disorders involving themetabolism of bilirubin. In neonates, the level of total bilirubin isused to aid in assessing the risk of kernicterus.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable critical care system for useby health care professionals to rapidly analyze heparinized wholeblood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinicalsetting and in a central laboratory. The instrument providesquantitative measurements of glucose, lactate and total bilirubinfrom venous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood.These parameters aid in the diagnosis of a patient&#x27;s metabolitebalance.Glucose (Glu) measurement is used in the diagnosis, monitoringand treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbancesincluding diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathichypoglycemia, and pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.Lactate (Lac) measurement is used:•  to evaluate the acid-base status of patients suspected ofhaving lactic acidosis;to monitor tissue hypoxia and strenuous physical exertion;in the diagnosis of hyperlactatemia.Total bilirubin measurement is used to aid in assessing the riskof kernicterus and hyperbilirubinemia in neonates.</td></tr></table>

Page 5 of 24   

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Substantial Equivalency (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">NOTE:The comparison on this page is to the predicate device, the GEM Premier 4000, except where notedto the predicate device for Total Bilirubin (tBili), ABL 837.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000(All Analytes except tBili)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K133407</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">GEM Premier 5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">K160402</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABL 837Total Bilirubin (tBili)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K142898</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended User</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Central Laboratory and Point-of-Care</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type(Glucose and Lactate)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Heparinized whole blood</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Venous, arterial and capillaryheparinized whole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample Type(tBili on ABL 837)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Heparinized whole blood</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Venous, arterial and capillaryheparinized whole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Heparinized plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Population(tBili on ABL 837)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total Bilirubin for adults and neonates</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total Bilirubin for neonates only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metabolite Measurement</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Amperometry: Glucose and Lactate</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Bilirubin (vs. ABL 837)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Spectrophotometry</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Introduction</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Aspiration</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PAK Shelf-Life Stability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Up to 180 days</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PAK Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">15-25°</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Operating Temperature</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">12-32°</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating System Software</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Linux-based</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2-point calibration</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">External QC Material</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CVP 1 and 2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">PC Solution D and E (PAK Internal)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CVP 3 and 4</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">PC Solution D and E (PAK Internal)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CVP 5 tBili</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Same; No Formulation ChangeGEM Premier 5000 claims added</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM System Evaluator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Substantial Equivalency (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">N:The comparison on this page is to the predicate device, the GEM Premier 4000, except wherenoted to the predicate device for Total Bilirubin (tBili), ABL 837.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Trade Names</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000(All Analytes except tBili)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K133407</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">GEM Premier 5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">K160402</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">ABL 837Total Bilirubin (tBili)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K142898</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Dimensions</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000 Instrument:Height: 18 inchesWidth: 12 inchesDepth: 15 inchesWeight: 44 pounds</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000 Instrument:• Height: 18.6 inches• Width: 13.0 inches• Depth: 16.4 inches• Weight: 45.4 pounds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cartridge (PAK) Dimensions</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000 Cartridge (PAK):Height: 6.75 inchesWidth: 10 inchesDepth: 8 inchesWeight: 8 pounds</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000 Cartridge (PAK):Height: 6.75 inches• Width: 10 inches• Depth: 8 inches• Weight: 8.1 pounds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Reportable Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4 to 685 mg/dL</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4 to 685 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactate</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.3 to 17.0 mmol/L</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.3 to 17.0 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tBili</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.0 to 58.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.0 to 40.0 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

# Internal Precision Study – Aqueous Controls

In accordance with CLSI EP05‐A3, an internal 20‐day precision study was performed on the GEM Premier 5000, with GEM System Evaluator and CVP 5 tBili.  Each of the control levels was run on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 analyzers for twenty (20) days, with two (2) runs per day and one (1) replicate measured per run per level $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 1 2 0 )$ ).  All results were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinAnalyzerSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinAnalyzer%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>GEMSystemEvaluator</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lactate(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>tBili(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP 5 tBili</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr></table>

# Internal Precision Study – GEM PAK (Cartridge) Process Control Solutions D and E

In accordance with CLSI EP05‐A3, an internal 20‐day precision study was performed with the GEM PAK (cartridge) Process Control Solutions (PCS) D and E run on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 analyzers for twenty (20) days, with two (2) runs per day and one (1) replicate measured per run per level $\mathtt { N } = 1 2 0$ per analyte/per level).  All results were within specification.

Page 7 of 24   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within AnalyzerSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Analyzer%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>347</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactate(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>tBili(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Internal Precision Study – Whole Blood

In accordance with CLSI EP05‐A3, an internal precision study was performed using five (5) different concentrations of whole blood per analyte, each run on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 analyzers per sample mode for five (5) days, with one (1) run per day and eight (8) replicates measured per run per level $_ { [ N = 1 2 0 }$ per analyte/per sample mode).  All results were within specification.

Sample Modes and Volumes:

 Normal Mode 150 L  Micro Mode 65 L  tBili / CO‐Ox Mode 100 L

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WithinRunSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WithinRun%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">NormalMode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">179</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">729</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">MicroMode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">176</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">761</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">Lactate(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">NormalMode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MicroMode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

Internal Precision Study – Whole Blood (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRun%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>tBili(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>tBili/Co-OxMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr></table>

# S u m m a ry (Co nt. )

# Reproducibility Study with Aqueous Controls  Point-of-Care (POC) Setting

a cco rd a n ce w it h C LS I E P 0 5 ‐A3 , a re p ro d u c i b i l i ty st u d y wa s p e rfo r m e d a t t h re e ( 3 ) exte r n a l c l i n i ca l p o i n t‐of‐ca re ( P O C ) s ite s . Th e st u d i e s we re r u n by a tota l of ( 9 ) d i ffe re n t o p e ra to rs o n t h re e ( 3 ) d i ffe re n t G E M P re m i e r 5 000 i n st r u m e n ts, u s i n g a s i n g l e l ot of G E M P re m i e r 5 000 PA Ks ( ca rt r i d ge s ) . E a c h s i te u s e d t h e l ots of G E M Syste m Eva l u a to r ( G S E ) a n d CV P 5 t B i l i , r u n n i n g e a c h co n t ro l l eve l i n t r i p l i ca te, tw i ce a d a y fo r 5 d a ys, fo r a tota l of 3 0 re p l i ca te s p e r l eve l $N = 9 0$ pooled). All results at all sites were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=17>Pooled Multi-Site POC Data (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Material/Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InsertRange</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SD/CVSpec</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Glu(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>347-411</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>379</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93-117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38-56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lac(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5-8.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5-1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0-3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>tBili(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5-34.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.9-18.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5-3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0-6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision – Whole Blood

To evaluate whole blood precision on the GEM Premier 5000 system in the central laboratory and point‐of‐ care (POC) settings, whole blood patient samples were tested at 2 external central laboratories and 1 internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL), as well as at 3 external POC locations.    For the central laboratory setting, the studies were performed by 3 operators on 3 GEM Premier 5000 instruments using a single lot of GEM Premier 5000 PAK (cartridge).  For the POC setting, the studies were performed by 11 operators on 3 GEM Premier 5000 instruments, using a single lot of GEM Premier 5000 PAK (cartridge).  At least two whole blood specimens were analyzed in triplicate daily for 5 days in both normal mode $( 1 5 0 \mu \mathsf { L } )$ and micro capillary $( 6 5 ~ \mu \ L )$ mode.  At the internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL), contrived whole blood specimens were analyzed in addition to native specimens in order to cover the low and high medical decision levels of each analyte.

The precision results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Sample%CV or SD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>Glu(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>MicroMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision – Whole Blood (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Sample%CV or SD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>Lactate(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>MicroMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision – Whole Blood (Cont.)

Note: No Lab 2 results presented for Total Bilirubin.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Sample%CV or SD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=14 colspan=1>tBili(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>tBili/CO-OxMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr></table>

# LoB, LoD and LoQ

In accordance with CLSI EP17‐A2, LoB, LoD and LoQ were established for glucose, lactate and total bilirubin, using three (3) lots of GEM Premier 5000 PAKs (cartridges).

Following are the combined data results for LoB, LoD and LoQ:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactose (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Bilirubin (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

In accordance with CLSI EP06‐A, nine (9) levels per analyte were prepared by spiking or diluting whole blood to challenge the claimed reportable range for each parameter. Each blood level was analyzed in triplicate on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 test analyzers and results compared to reference analyzers.

Combined data from limit of quantitation (LOQ) and linearity were used to support the lower limits of the claimed reportable ranges.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N perLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.982</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12.489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 to 777</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 685</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 to 25.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 to 17.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 to 43.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 to 40.0</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Analytical Specificity

In accordance with EP07‐A2, an interference study was conducted on the GEM Premier 5000.

The table below and on the next page lists substances that were screen tested with no observed interference on glucose, lactate and/or total bilirubin (tBili) results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested analytes with no observed interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1324 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetoacetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>342 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium (Chloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biliverdin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftriaxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1460 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Sodium) Citrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dobutamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.87 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epinephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evans Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fetal Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flaxedil (Gallaminetriethiodide)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Sodium) Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fructose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glycolic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Analytical Specificity (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested analytes with no observed interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000 U/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-hydroxybutyrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2425 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Icodextrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indocyanine Green</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoniazide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium (Chloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maltose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mannose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.46 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omeprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.4 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Sodium) Oxalate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pralidoxime iodide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propofol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pyruvate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>309 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfhemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Suxamethonium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Sodium) Thiocyanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6880 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiopental</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thyroxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xylose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity (Cont.)

ta b l e b e l ow l i sts s u b sta n ce s t h a t d e m o n st ra te d i n te rfe re n ce w i t h g l u co s e, l a cta te o r t ota l b i l i r u b i n (t B i l i ) re s u l ts a n d t h e co n ce n t ra t i o n of t h e i n te rfe r i n g substance, as well as the bias and its direction (positive / negative):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AffectedAnalyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingConcentration Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias Observed(Mean)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lowest InterferingConcentration withAnalyte Impact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias Observedat the LowestConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cyanocobalamin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>tBili</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cyanomethemoglobin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>tBili</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+18%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Glycolic Acid</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.250 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.4 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.237 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.4 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.250 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.4 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.241 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.4 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hydroxocobalamin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>tBili</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-14%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-13%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10%</td></tr></table>

Analytical Specificity (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AffectedAnalyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingConcentration Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias Observed(Mean)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lowest InterferingConcentration withAnalyte Impact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias Observedat the LowestConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hydroxyurea</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hydroxyurea</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.4 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.4 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Methylene Blue</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>tBili</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.9 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Turbidity (Intralipid)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>tBili</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1505 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1143 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2006 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>No Interference Observed</td></tr></table>

# Internal Method Comparison

In accordance with EP09‐A3, an internal method comparison study was conducted using clinical samples to compare the GEM Premier 5000 to the following predicate devices:

GEM Premier 4000: Glucose and Lactate  ABL 837: Total Bilirubin

Samples were altered as needed to cover the medical decision levels.    All parameter levels passed specification for all sample modes.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medical DecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias at MedicalDecision Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>0.985</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>3.746</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactate(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>-0.050</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>tBili(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>163</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>0.977</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>0.384</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4%</td></tr></table>

# Whole Blood Performance at Medical Decision Levels

The data from the internal method comparison and precision studies were combined to assess the performance at medical decision levels.

Total Error was computed based on the following equation and the results were compared to the GEM Premier 5000 Total Error Specifications:

Note:   Previously shown bias and precision data were used in Total Error computations below.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MedicalDecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absolute Value ofBias at MedicalDecision Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*(SD or %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Error ObservedBias + 2*(SD or %CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactate(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>tBili(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Reference Ranges

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 to 95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 to 5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36 to 0.75 (at rest)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.24 to 6.76 (at rest)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac{</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56 to 1.39 (venous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lac1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 to 12.5 (venous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=14 colspan=1>tBili²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Premature Infant 0 - 1 day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Premature Infant 0 - 1 day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Premature Infant 1 - 2 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;12.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Premature Infant 1 - 2 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Premature Infant 3 - 5 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;16.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Premature Infant 3 - 5 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Full-term Infant 0 - 1 day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4- 8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Full-term Infant 0 - 1 day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Full-term Infant 1 - 2 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4 - 11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Full-term Infant 1 - 2 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58-197</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Full-term Infant 3 - 5 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 - 12.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Full-term Infant 3 - 5 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26-105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;5 days to &lt; 60 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 - 1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;5 days to &lt; 60 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μmol/L</td></tr></table>

1. Burtis, Carl and David Bruns, Tietz Textbook of Clinical Chemistry and Molecular Diagnostics, Elsevier Saunders, 7th edition, 2015.   
2. Wu, A., Tietz Clinical Guide to Laboratory Tests, W.B. Saunders Co., St. Louis MO, 4th Edition, 2006.

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Clinical Testing

In accordance with EP09‐A3, a method comparison study was conducted on the GEM Premier 5000 in the point‐of‐care (POC) setting using heparinized whole blood patient samples from the intended use population.

Study Design:

Point‐of‐Care for glucose and lactate:    Sites included three (3) external point‐of‐care (POC) sites and one (1) internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) at IL, where three (3) intended POC users were brought on site to run the samples, allowing spiking to cover the claimed measuring ranges.  Point‐of‐Care for tBili: Sites included three (3) external point‐of care settings with neonate samples, using adult samples and spiked samples to cover the claimed measuring range.

In each setting, the performance of the GEM Premier 5000 was compared to the GEM Premier 4000, except tBili, which used the commercially available whole blood or chemistry analyzer in use at each facility.

For glucose and lactate, the pooled results from the POC sites and the IL internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) for the Normal Mode (with samples collected in syringes) are presented below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data - Normal Mode (with Syringe Samples)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.973</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.622</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 to 619</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>488</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 to 15.0</td></tr></table>

To support capillary claims for glucose and lactate, finger‐stick samples were collected at an external POC site $N = 6 5$ native samples) and the IL internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) $N { = } 1 0 6$ native samples) with POC operators.   The observed total error at the medical decision levels is shown below:

Page 22 of 24   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data with Native Capillary Samples Only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RangeMin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RangeMax</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias atMDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI of Bias at MDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>171</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 6.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1% to 2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.0% to 2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.0% to 1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactate(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>171</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 to 0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00% to 10.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 15%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Clinical Testing (Cont.)

In addition for glucose and lactate, the data from the native capillary samples (finger‐stick samples) previously presented were pooled with contrived capillary samples prepared internally.    The regression analysis is shown below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data with Additional Contrived Capillary Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.966</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.775</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 to 637</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 to 16.4</td></tr></table>

For Total Bilirubin (tBili), the pooled results from the POC sites, with a combination of heel‐stick samples (capillary Blood) and syringe (arterial/venous), are presented below for the different instrument modes:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Normal Mode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili (mg/dL) vs.Roche Cobas 6000*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.630</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1 to 39.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili (mg/dL) vs. Ortho ClinicalDiagnostics Vitros 5600**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.076</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.099</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 to 39.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Capillary Mode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili (mg/dL) vs.Roche Cobas 6000*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.533</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9 to 39.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili (mg/dL) vs. Ortho ClinicalDiagnostics Vitros 5600**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.072</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 to 39.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>tBili/CO-Ox Mode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili (mg/dL) vs.Roche Cobas 6000*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.068</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.404</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 to 39.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tBili (mg/dL) vs. Ortho ClinicalDiagnostics Vitros 5600**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.076</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 to 39.2</td></tr></table>

\*tBili data against Roche Cobas 6000 were from one (1) POC site. \*\*tBili data against Ortho Clinical Diagnostics Vitros 5600 were from two (2) POC sites.

<table><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>The technological and functional characteristics of the new GEM Premier 5000 as described above are substantially equivalent to that of the predicate devices: GEM Premier 4000 for glucose and lactate, and ABL 837 for total bilirubin. The analytical and clinical study results demonstrate that the GEM Premier 5000 is safe and effective for its intended purpose and equivalent in performance to the predicate devices.</td></tr></table>