AXIS-SHIELD DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED   
CLAIRE DORA   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANAGER   
THE TECHNOLOGY PARK   
LUNA PLACE   
DUNDEE DD2 1XA   
Great Britain

Re: K160757 Trade/Device Name: ADVIA Centaur Active-B12 (Holotranscobalamin) (AB12) Assay, ADVIA Centaur Active-B12 (AB12) Quality Control, ADVIA Centaur Active-B12 (AB12) Master Curve Materials (MCM) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1810 Regulation Name: Vitamin B12 test System Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CDD, JJX Dated: June 23, 2016 Received: June 27, 2016

Dear Claire Dora:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

r: Courtney C. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K160757

Device Name ADVIA Centau $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Active-B12 (Holotranscobalamin)(AB12) assay ADVIA Centau $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Active-B12 (AB12) Quality Control ADVIA Centau $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Active-B12 (AB12) Master Curve Material (MCM).

Indications for Use (Describe)

The ADVIA Centaur $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Active-B12 (Holotranscobalamin)(AB12) assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative measurement of holotranscobalamin (holoTC) in human serum using the ADVIA Centaur XP system. Active-B12 (holotranscobalamin) is used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of vitamin B12 deficiency.

Quality Control The ADVIA Centaur $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Active-B12 (AB12) quality control is for in vitro diagnostic use to monitor the precision and accuracy of the ADVIA Centaur AB12 (Holotranscobalamin) assay using the ADVIA Centaur systems.

Master Curve Material (MCM)   
The ADVIA Centaur $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Active-B12 (AB12) Master Curve Material (MCM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur AB12 (Holotranscobalamin) assay using the ADVIA Centaur systems.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is k160757

# Submission correspondent:

Dr Claire Dora   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Axis-Shield Diagnostics Ltd.   
The Technology Park   
Dundee   
DD2 1XA,   
Scotland, UK   
Telephone: $+ 4 4 ( 0 )$ 1382 422000   
Fax: $+ 4 4 ( 0 )$ 1382 422088   
510k summary prepared date: $2 2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ July 2016

# Device Name:

ADVIA Centaur $\textcircled{8}$ Active-B12 (Holotranscobalamin) (AB12) Assay   
Quality Control   
Master Curve Material (MCM)   
Reagents:   
Classification Name: Vitamin B12 test system   
Trade Name ADVIA Centaur® Active-B12 (Holotranscobalamin) (AB12) assay   
Common Name: B12 test   
Governing Regulation: 21CFR 862.1810   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry   
Product Code: CDD   
Quality Control:   
Classification Name: Single (Specified) Analyte Control   
Trade Name: ADVIA Centaur® Active-B12 (AB12) quality control material   
Common Name: Control   
Governing Regulation: 862.1660   
Device Classification: Class I, reserved   
Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry   
Product Code: JJX

# Master Curve Material:

Classification Name: Single (Specified) Analyte Control   
Trade Name: ADVIA Centaur® Active-B12 (AB12) Master Curve Material (MCM)   
Common Name: Control   
Governing Regulation: 862.1660   
Device Classification: Class I, reserved   
Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry   
Product Code: JJX

# Legally marketed device to which equivalency is claimed:

ARCHITECT Active-B12 (Holotranscobalamin) Assay (K112443)

# Intended Use of Device:

The ADVIA Centaur® Active-B12 (Holotranscobalamin) (AB12) assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative measurement of holotranscobalamin (holoTC) in human serum using the ADVIA Centaur XP system. Active-B12 (holotranscobalamin) is used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of vitamin B12 deficiency.

Quality Control

The ADVIA Centaur® Active-B12 (AB12) quality control is for in vitro diagnostic use to monitor the precision and accuracy of the ADVIA Centaur AB12 (Holotranscobalamin) assay using the ADVIA Centaur systems.

Master Curve Material (MCM)   
The ADVIA Centaur® Active-B12 (AB12) Master Curve Material (MCM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur AB12 (Holotranscobalamin) assay using the ADVIA Centaur systems.

# Description of Device:

The ADVIA Centaur AB12 assay is a fully automated, two-step direct immunoassay using chemiluminescent technology. The assay utilizes an acridinium ester-labeled antitranscobalamin antibody as the Lite Reagent. The Solid Phase consists of biotinylated antiholotranscobalamin antibody coupled to streptavidin-coated magnetic latex microparticles.

# Comparison of Technological Characteristics:

The ADVIA Centaur AB12 assay and the ARCHITECT Active-B12 are both automated immunoassays for the quantitative measurement of holotranscobalamin (holoTC) in human serum.

The ADVIA Centaur System and ARCHITECT i System share similar detection methods both utilizing chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) technology. Both assays also demonstrated substantial equivalence in terms antibodies employed, detection method and the units of measure.

# Comparison of the subject device with the predicate device:

Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur®AB12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARCHITECT Active-B12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative measurement ofholotranscobalamin (holoTC) in humanserum using the ADVIA Centaur XPsystem. Active-B12 (holotranscobalamin)is used as an aid in the diagnosis andtreatment of vitamin B12 deficiency.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the quantitative determination ofHolotranscobalamin in human serum onthe ARCHITECT i System.Active-B12 (Holotranscobalamin) is usedas an aid in the diagnosis and treatment ofvitamin B12 deficiency.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent microparticleimmunoassay (CMIA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent microparticleimmunoassay (CMIA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substrate / SignalGeneration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acridinium Tracer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acridinium Tracer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and Serum Separator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and Serum Separator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Murine monoclonal antibody 3-11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Murine monoclonal antibody 3-11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage conditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Pack must be stored at2-8°C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Pack must be stored at2-8C.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit of Measure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross- Reactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 10% with;Apotranscobalamin (500 pmol/L)Haptocorrin (5000 pmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 10% with;Apotranscobalamin (500 pmol/L)Haptocorrin (5000 pmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay dilutionprotocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:2 autodilute withADVIA Centaur Multi-Diluent 13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:2 autodilute or manual with ARCHITECT iMulti-Assay manual diluent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Quantitation of ≤ 5.0 pmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Quantitation of ≤ 5.0 pmol/L</td></tr></table>

Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur®AB12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARCHITECT Active-B12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-point Calibration using 2 levelcalibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-point calibration curve.4PLC Y-weighted</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values inAsymptomaticPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The mean holoTC concentration forthe group was established at 81.91pmol/L with a 95% central referenceinterval from 28.96 to 168.90 pmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The mean Holotranscobalaminconcentration was 71.9 pmol/L with a rangefrom 20.6 to 196.7 pmol/L. The central 95%of the population defined the expectedrange of 25.1 to 165.0 pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imprecision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Laboratory (Total) %CV ≤ 4.7%Within-run %CV ≤3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %6CV ≤ 5.8%Within-run %CV ≤ 4.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 10% with;Bilirubin at 40 mg/dLUnconjugated bilirubin at 60 mg/dLHaemoglobin at 500 mg/dLTriglyceride at 1000 mg/dLRheumatoid Factor at 200 IU/mLTotal protein at 12 g/dLBiotin at 100 mg/dLHuman IgG at 12 g/dLCholesterol at 500 mg/dLSilwet L720 at 0.2 mg/dLMethotrexate at 91 mg/dLPerimethamine at 75 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 10% with;Bilirubin at 20 mg/dLHaemoglobin at 200 mg/dLTriglycerides at 850 mg/dLRheumatoid Factor at 70 IU/mLTotal protein at 10 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross- Reactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No detectable cross-reactivity with;Apotranscobalamin at 500 pmol/LHaptocorrin at 5000 pmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No detectable carryover with;Apotranscobalamin at 500 pmol/LHaptocorrin at 5000 pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurable Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 to 146.0 pmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 to 128.0 pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 to 146.0 pmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 to 128.0 pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 to 146.0 pmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 to 128.0 pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-board ReagentStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents can be stored onboard theCentaur XP instrument for a maximumof 44 days.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents can be stored onboard theARCHITECT instrument for a maximum of 30days.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationFrequency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separated specimens are stable for 16hours at room temperature, 3 days at2-8CFor longer storage, specimens may befrozen for 3 months at -20 %C orcolder. Avoid more than 1 freeze/thawcycle. Do not store in a frost-freefreezer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 16 hours at room temperatureUp to 3 days at 2-8°C (for longer than 3 daysstore at -20²C or colder for up to 6 months).Avoid more than 3 freeze-thaw cycles.</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Non-Clinical Performance:

The ADVIA Centaur AB12 assay demonstrated substantially equivalent performance to the ARCHITECT Active-B12 assay. A summary of the non-clinical performance data included in this 510(k) submission has been presented.

# Linearity

Linearity was evaluated according to the CLSI protocol EP6-A.Two samples containing high levels of active-B12 were mixed with a pool of artificial serum matrix. The resulting sample mixtures were assayed for active-B12. The ADVIA Centaur AB12 assay is linear from 5.00- 146.00 pmol/L.

# Dilution Linearity

Five samples containing high levels of active-B12 (96.64–135.51 pmol/L) were diluted 1:2 (1 part sample plus 1 part diluent) with Multi-Diluent 13 and assayed for recovery and parallelism correcting the diluted sample by the dilution factor. Representative data from the study is shown below.

<table><tr><td>Sample</td><td>Dilution</td><td>Observed (pmol/L)</td><td>Expected (pmol/L)</td><td>Recovery %</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 1</td><td>1:2</td><td>91.41</td><td>96.64</td><td>94.59</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 2</td><td>1:2</td><td>112.61</td><td>114.20</td><td>98.61</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 3</td><td>1:2</td><td>126.19</td><td>135.51</td><td>93.12</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 4</td><td>1:2</td><td>110.09</td><td>121.17</td><td>90.86</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 5</td><td>1:2</td><td>121.29</td><td>132.63</td><td>91.45</td></tr></table>

# Measuring Interval

The ADVIA Centaur AB12 assay measures active-B12concentrations from 5.00-146.00 pmol/L.

# Detection Capability

The limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD), and the limit of quantitation (LoQ) were determined as described in CLSI Document EP17-A2. The ADVIA Centaur AB12 assay has an LoB of 0.74 pmol/L, an LoD of 1.08 pmol/L and an LoQ of 5.00 pmol/L.

The LoB is defined as the highest measurement result that is likely to be observed for a blank sample. The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration of active-B12 that can be detected with $9 5 \%$ probability. The LoQ is defined as the lowest concentration of active-B12 that can be detected at a total CV of $8 \%$ .

# High Dose Hook

Patient samples with high active-B12 levels can cause a paradoxical decrease in the Relative Light Units (RLUs) (high-dose hook effect). In the ADVIA Centaur AB12 assay, patient samples with active-B12 levels as high as 1867.80 pmol/L are not subject to a hook effect and will assay greater than 146.00 pmol/L.

# Cross-reactivity

Cross-reactivity was tested in the presence and absence of active-B12 according to CLSI EP7-A2 using the ADVIA Centaur AB12 assay. Populations evaluated in the study included other B12 proteins apotranscobalamin and haptocorrin. Percent cross-reactivity is calculated as:

$\%$ cross-reactivity $=$ (concentration of spiked sample - concentration of unspiked sample) x100 concentration of cross-reactant

The following results were obtained:

<table><tr><td>Cross-reactant</td><td>Concentration (pmol/L)</td><td>Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Apotranscobalamin</td><td>250</td><td>0.2</td></tr><tr><td>500</td><td>-0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Haptocorrin</td><td>2500</td><td>-0.4</td></tr><tr><td>5000</td><td>-0.4</td></tr></table>

# Interference

Potential interference in the ADVIA Centaur AB12 assay is designed to be less than or equal to $10 \%$ . Interfering substances at the levels indicated in the table below were tested as described in CLSI Document EP7-A2 using the ADVIA Centaur AB12 assay.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endogenous andexogenous potentialinterferents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Highest concentration at which nosignificant interference (≤10%) wasobserved</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">*Biotin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methotrexate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perimethamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rheumatoid Factor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Silwet L720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Protein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Endogenous and exogenous potential interferents</td><td>Highest concentration at which no significant interference (≤10%) was observed</td></tr><tr><td>Triglyceride</td><td>1000 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Precision

Precision was evaluated according to the CLSI protocol EP5-A2.

Five serum precision panel members were prepared with active-B12 concentrations spanning the measuring interval. Each sample was tested in replicates of 2 in two runs per day over 20 days. One ADVIA Centaur XP system was used and 2 reagent lots giving a total of 80 observations per sample for each reagent lot. Representative data from the study is shown in the following table.

A summary of the imprecision data is summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2">Within-Lab</td></tr><tr><td>SD (pmol/L)</td><td>CV (%)</td><td>SD (pmol/L)</td><td>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 1</td><td>80</td><td>16.82</td><td>0.30</td><td>1.8</td><td>0.79</td><td>4.7</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 2</td><td>80</td><td>38.12</td><td>1.12</td><td>2.9</td><td>1.66</td><td>4.4</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 3</td><td>80</td><td>74.24</td><td>1.64</td><td>2.2</td><td>3.06</td><td>4.1</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 4</td><td>80</td><td>104.76</td><td>1.92</td><td>1.8</td><td>4.16</td><td>4.0</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 5</td><td>80</td><td>123.10</td><td>3.92</td><td>3.2</td><td>5.61</td><td>4.6</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Clinical Performance:

The ADVIA Centaur AB12 assay demonstrated substantially equivalent performance to the ARCHITECT Active-B12 assay as indicated by method comparison and reference range studies.

# Method Comparison

For 104 serum samples in the range of $5 . 5 6 - 1 4 2 . 5 8 \ : \mathrm { p m o l / L } .$ , the relationship of the ADVIA Centaur AB12 assay (y) and the Abbott ARCHITECT Chemiluminescent Microparticle Immunoassay (CMIA) Active-B12 (Holotranscobalamin) assay (x) is described using PassingBablok regression. Representative data from the study is shown below:

ADVIA Centaur $\mathtt { A B } 1 2 = 0 . 9 7$ (CMIA) - 0.99 pmol/L (intercept), ${ \sf r } = 0 . 9 5$ .

# Expected Values

The ADVIA Centaur AB12 assay results were obtained on 241 apparently healthy males $( \mathsf { n } = 1 0 3 )$ and females $\left( \mathsf { n } = \mathsf { 1 } 3 8 \right)$ . The age range was 21 - 67 years. The mean holoTC concentration for the group was established at 81.91 pmol/L with a $9 5 \%$ central reference interval from 28.96–168.90 pmol/L according to EP28-A3c.

As with all in vitro diagnostic assays, each laboratory should determine its own reference range(s) for the diagnostic evaluation of patient results. Consider these values as guidelines only.

# Conclusion

The results presented in this 510(k) premarket submission demonstrate that the candidate assay (ADVIA Centaur $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Active-B12 (Holotranscobalamin)(AB12) assay, K160757) performance is substantially equivalent to the predicate assay (ARCHITECT Active-B12 (Holotranscobalamin) assay,K112443).

The similarities and differences between the candidate assay and the predicate assay are presented in the tables starting on page 3/8.