INSTRUMENTATION LABORATORY CO.CAROL MARBLE  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS DIRECTOR  
180 HARTWELL ROAD  
BEDFORD MA 01730

Re: K160412 Trade/Device Name: GEM Premier 5000 (Measured Parameters: pH, pCO2, pO2) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862. 1120 Regulation Name: Blood gases $\mathrm { \mathfrak { p } C O } _ { 2 }$ and $\mathsf { p O } _ { 2 }$ ) and blood pH test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CHL Dated: December 7, 2016 Received: December 8, 2016

Dear Ms. Marble:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K160412

Device Name GEM Premier 5000 (Measured Parameters: pH, pCO2, pO2)

Indications for Use (Describe)

The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of pH and pO2 from venous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood, as well as quantitative measurements of pCO2 from venous and arterial heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient’s acid/base status.

pH, pCO2 and pO2 measurements in whole blood are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co. 180 Hartwell Road Bedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Contact Person</td><td>Phone: 781-861-4467</td></tr><tr><td>Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td>Email: cmarble@ilww.com</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>December 7, 2016</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(Measured Parameters: pH, pCO and pO2)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>GEM Premier 4000</td><td>K133407</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Gases (pCO2, pO2) and Blood pHsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2">clinical settings with fast, accurate, quantitative measurements of pH and pO from venous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood, as well as quantitative measurements of pCO from venous and arterial</td></tr><tr><td>heparinized whole blood. Key Components</td><td>Description</td></tr><tr><td>Analyzer</td><td>Employs a unique color touch screen and a simple set of menus and buttons for user interaction. The analyzer guides operators through the sampling process with simple, clear messages and prompts.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">GEM Premier 5000 PAK (disposable, multi-use GEM PAK)</td><td>Houses all required components necessary to operate the instrument once the cartridge is validated. These components include the sensors, CO-Ox optical cell, Process Control (PC) Solutions, sampler, pump tubing, distribution valve and waste bag. The GEM PAK has flexible menus and test volume options to assist facilities in maximizing efficiency.</td></tr><tr><td>NOTE: The EEPROM on the GEM PAK includes all solution values and controls the analyte menu and number of tests.</td></tr><tr><td>Step 1: After inserting the GEM PAK, the instrument will perform an automated PAK warm-up during which the sensors are hydrated and a variety of checks occur, all of which take about 40 minutes. During warm-up, the instrument requires no user intervention.</td></tr><tr><td>Step 2: After GEM PAK warmup, Auto PAK Validation (APV) process is automatically completed: two completely independent solutions (PC Solution D and E) that are traceable to NIST standards, CLSI procedures or internal standards, containing two levels of concentration for each analyte, are run by the analyzer to validate the integrity of the PC Solutions and the overall performance of the analytical system.</td></tr><tr><td>Intelligent Quality Management 2 (iQM2)</td><td>Step 3: After successful performance of APV, iQM2 manages the quality control process, replacing external quality controls. iQM2 is an active quality process control program designed to provide continuous monitoring of the analytical process before, during and after sample measurement with real-time, automatic error detection, automatic correction of the system and automatic documentation of all corrective actions. iQM2 is a statistical process control system that performs 5 types of continuous, quality checks to monitor the performance of the GEM PAK, sensors, CO-Ox, and reagents. These checks include System, Sensor, IntraSpect, Pattern Recognition and Stability Checks.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Indications for Use / Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of pH and pO2 from venous, arterial</td></tr><tr><td>GEM Premier 5000</td><td>and capillary heparinized whole blood, as well as quantitative measurements of pCO from venous and arterial heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the</td></tr><tr><td>diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.</td><td>diagnosis of a patient's acid/base status. pH, pCO2, pO2 measurements in whole blood are used in the</td></tr></table>

# Special Conditions for Use Statement

For prescription use only.  For clinical laboratory and point‐of‐care use.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Substantial Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>  </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K133407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K160412</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GEM Premier 4000 is a portable critical care system for use byhealth care professionals to rapidly analyze whole blood samples atthe point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a centrallaboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements ofpH, pCO2, pO2, sodium, potassium, chloride, ionized calcium,glucose, lactate, hematocrit, total bilirubin and CO-Oximetry (tHb,O2Hb, COHb, MetHb, HHb) parameters. Total bilirubin can also bequantitated from heparinized plasma samples when analyzed in thetBili/Co-Ox mode. These parameters, along with derivedparameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient&#x27;s acid/base status,electrolyte and metabolite balance and oxygen delivery capacity.Total bilirubin measurements are used in the diagnosis andmanagement of biliary tract obstructions, liver disease and varioushemolytic diseases and disorders involving the metabolism ofbilirubin. In neonates, the level of total bilirubin is used to aid inassessing the risk of kernicterus.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable critical care system for useby health care professionals to rapidly analyze heparinizedwhole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in aclinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrumentprovides quantitative measurements of pH and pO2 fromvenous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood, as wellas quantitative measurements of pCO from venous and arterialheparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derivedparameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient&#x27;s acid/base status.pH, pCO2, pO2 measurements in whole blood are used in thediagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-basedisturbances.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Substantial Equivalency (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K133407</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K160412</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended User</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Central Laboratory and Point-of-Care</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample Type</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Heparinized whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH, pO2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Arterial, venous orcapillary heparinizedwhole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Arterial or venousheparinized whole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Blood Gas Measurement</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Potentiometry: pH and pCO2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Amperometry: pO2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Introduction</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Aspiration</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PAK Shelf-Life Stability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Up to 180 days</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PAK Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">15-25°</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Operating Temperature</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">12-32°</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating System Software</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Linux-based</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2-point calibration</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">QC Material</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CVP 1 and 2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">PC Solution D and E (PAK Internal)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CVP 3 and 4</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">PC Solution D and E (PAK Internal)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CVP 5 tBili</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same; No Formulation Change</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td colspan="3">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="2">New Device</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Name</td><td colspan="3">GEM Premier 4000 K133407</td><td colspan="2">GEM Premier 5000 K160412</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Instrument Dimensions</td><td colspan="3">GEM Premier 4000 Instrument:</td><td colspan="2">GEM Premier 5000 Instrument:</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Height: 18 inches</td><td colspan="2">• Height: 18.6 inches</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Width: 12 inches •</td><td>Width: 13.0 inches •</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">• Depth: 15 inches</td><td>• Depth: 16.4 inches</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Weight: 44 pounds</td><td>• Weight: 45.4 pounds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">GEM Premier 4000 Cartridge (PAK):</td><td colspan="2">GEM Premier 5000 Cartridge (PAK):</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Cartridge (PAK) Dimensions</td><td colspan="3">• Height: 6.75 inches</td><td colspan="2">Height: 6.75 inches</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Width: 10 inches •</td><td colspan="2">Width: 10 inches</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Depth: 8 inches •</td><td colspan="2">•</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="2">• Depth: 8 inches</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">• Weight: 8 pounds</td><td colspan="2">• Weight: 8.1 pounds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Analyte</td><td>GEM Premier 4000</td><td colspan="2">GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Reportable Range</td><td>pH</td><td>7.00 to 8.00</td><td></td><td colspan="2">7.00 to 7.92</td></tr><tr><td>pCO2</td><td>6 to 125 mmHg</td><td></td><td colspan="2">6 to 125 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td>pO2</td><td>5 to 690 mmHg</td><td></td><td colspan="2">6 to 690 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="2"></td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

# Internal Precision Study – Aqueous Controls

In accordance with CLSI EP05‐A3, an internal 20‐day precision study was performed on the GEM Premier 5000, with GEM System Evaluator.    Each of the control levels was run on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 analyzers for twenty (20) days, with two (2) runs per day and one (1) replicate measured per run per level $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 1 2 0 )$ ).  All results were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinAnalyzerSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinAnalyzer%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>GEM SystemEvaluator</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>370</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr></table>

# Internal Precision Study – GEM PAK (Cartridge) Process Control Solutions D and E

In accordance with CLSI EP05‐A3, an internal 20‐day precision study was performed with the GEM PAK (cartridge) Process Control Solutions (PCS) D and E run on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 analyzers for twenty (20) days, with two (2) runs per day and one (1) replicate measured per run per level $\mathtt { N } = 1 2 0$ per analyte/per level).  All results were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within AnalyzerSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Analyzer%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr></table>

# Internal Precision Study – Whole Blood

In accordance with CLSI EP05‐A3, an internal precision study was performed using five (5) different concentrations of whole blood per analyte, each run on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 analyzers per sample mode for five (5) days, with one (1) run per day and eight (8) replicates measured per run per level $_ { [ N = 1 2 0 }$ per analyte/per sample mode).  All results were within specification.

Sample Modes and Volumes:

Normal Mode 150 L  Micro Mode 65 L

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for $p C 0 _ { 2 }$ on the GEM Premier 5000.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within RunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>MicroMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Internal Precision Study – Whole Blood (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within RunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>415</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>722</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>MicroMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>402</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>693</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility Study with Aqueous Controls  Point-of-Care (POC) Setting

a cco rd a n ce w it h C LS I E P 0 5 ‐A3 , a re p ro d u c i b i l i ty st u d y wa s p e rfo r m e d a t t h re e ( 3 ) exte r n a l c l i n i ca l p o i n t‐of‐ca re ( P O C ) s ite s . Th e st u d i e s we re r u n by a tota l of ( 9 ) d i ffe re n t o p e ra to rs o n t h re e ( 3 ) d i ffe re n t G E M P re m i e r 5 000 i n st r u m e n ts, u s i n g a s i n g l e l ot of G E M P re m i e r 5 000 PA Ks ( ca rt r i d ge s ) . E a c h s i te u s e d t h e l ots of G E M Syste m Eva l u a to r ( G S E ) , r u n n i n g e a c h co n t ro l l eve l i n t r i p l i ca te, tw i ce a d a y fo r 5 d a ys, fo r a tota l of 3 0 re p l i ca te s p e r l eve l $\scriptstyle ( 1 = 9 0$ p o o l e d ) . A l l a t a l l s i t e s we re w i t h i n s p e c i fi c a t i o n .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=17>Pooled Multi-Site POC Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Material/Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InsertRange</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SD/CVSpec</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.10-7.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35-7.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.53-7.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78-96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29-39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21-41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77-97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>325-389</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>357</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>357</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision – Whole Blood

To evaluate whole blood precision on the GEM Premier 5000 system in the central laboratory and point‐of‐ care (POC) settings, whole blood patient samples were tested at 2 external central laboratories and 1 internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL), as well as at 3 external POC locations.    For the central laboratory setting, the studies were performed by 3 operators on 3 GEM Premier 5000 instruments using a single lot of GEM Premier 5000 PAK (cartridge).  For the POC setting, the studies were performed by 11 operators on 3 GEM Premier 5000 instruments, using a single lot of GEM Premier 5000 PAK (cartridge).  At least two whole blood specimens were analyzed in triplicate daily for 5 days in both normal mode $( 1 5 0 \mu \mathsf { L } )$ for pH, $p C 0 _ { 2 }$ and $p { \mathsf { O } } _ { 2 } ,$ and micro capillary $( 6 5 ~ \mu \ L )$ mode for pH and $p 0 _ { 2 }$ . At the internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL), contrived whole blood specimens were analyzed in addition to native specimens in order to cover the low and high medical decision levels of each analyte.

The precision results are summarized below:

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for $p C 0 _ { 2 }$ on the GEM Premier 5000.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within SampleSD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>MicroMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision – Whole Blood (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within SampleSD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AlI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>MicroMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# LoB, LoD and LoQ

In accordance with CLSI EP17‐A2, LoB, LoD and LoQ were established for pH, $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ and $p { \mathsf { O } } _ { 2 }$ using three (3) lots of GEM Premier 5000 PAKs (cartridges).

Following are the combined data results for LoB, LoD and LoQ:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr></table>

\*Note:   By definition, LoQ must be $\geq$ LoD except for pH.  Since pH is measured on a negative log scale, larger pH values represent lower analyte levels.  Thus, for pH, LoQ must be $\leq$ LoD.

# Linearity

In accordance with CLSI EP06‐A, eight (8) or nine (9) levels per analyte were prepared by tonometering whole blood to challenge the claimed reportable range for each parameter. Each blood level was analyzed in triplicate on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 test analyzers and results compared to standard reference procedures (i.e. tonometry for gases).

Combined data from limit of quantitation (LOQ) and linearity were used to support the lower limits of the claimed reportable ranges.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N perLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.972</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.67 to 7.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.00 to 7.92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 to 149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 to 727</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 690</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity

In accordance with EP07‐A2, an interference study was conducted on the GEM Premier 5000. A screening test was used to identify substances that produce a clinically significant interference based on measurement at two different analyte concentrations.  The table below lists substances that were screen tested with no observed interference on pH, $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ and $p { \mathsf { O } } _ { 2 }$ results:

Page 14 of 19   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>No Observed Interference with pH, pCO2 and pO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1324 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin (Human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aprotinin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atracurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium (Chloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftriaxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1460 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epinephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Etomidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02 μg/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Halothane</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>759 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin (Hemolysis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 g/dL (20%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium (Chloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.46 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Midazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omeprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.4 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>431 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propofol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Suxamethonium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiopental</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thyroxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides (Intralipids)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% or 4012 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Internal Method Comparison

In accordance with EP09‐A3, an internal method comparison study was conducted using clinical samples to compare the GEM Premier 5000 to the following predicate devices:

 Tonometry: $p 0 _ { 2 } , p \mathsf { C O } _ { 2 }$ (tonometry used due to instability of blood gases)  GEM Premier 4000: pH

Samples were altered as needed to cover the medical decision levels.    All parameter levels passed specification for all sample modes.

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for $p C 0 _ { 2 }$ on the GEM Premier 5000.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medical DecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias at MedicalDecision Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.953</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.344</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.006</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.026</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>-0.991</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.027</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>-1.266</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr></table>

# Whole Blood Performance at Medical Decision Levels

The data from the internal method comparison and precision studies were combined to assess the performance at medical decision levels.

Total Error was computed based on the following equation and the results were compared to the GEM Premier 5000 Total Error Specifications:

Note:   Previously shown bias and precision data were used in Total Error computations below.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MedicalDecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absolute Value ofBias at MedicalDecision Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*(SD or %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Error ObservedBias + 2*(SD or %CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Reference Ranges

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pHcHcHpH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35 to 7.4535.5 to 44.735.5 to 44.77.32 to 7.43 (venous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pHnmol/LnEq/LpH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arterial blood: 35 to 48 (male) and 32 to 35 (female)Arterial blood: 4.6 to 6.4 (male) and 4.3 to 6.0 (female)Venous blood (right atrium) - 6-7 mmHg (0.80-0.93 kPa) higher than arterial pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmHgkPa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83 to 10811.0 to 14.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmHgkPa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.0 to 24.022.0 to 26.0 (venous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.0 to 3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HCO3</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>21 to 2821 to 2822 to 29 (venous)22 to 29 (venous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/LmEq/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td></tr></table>

Sources: Burtis, Carl and David Bruns, Tietz Textbook of Clinical Chemistry and Molecular Diagnostics, Elsevier Saunders, 7th edition, 2015, pp 952‐982 Wu, A., Tietz Clinical Guide to Laboratory Tests, W.B. Saunders Co., St. Louis MO, 4th Edition, 2006: 951‐982

Note: $\mathsf { T C O } _ { 2 } , \mathsf { H C O } _ { 3 }$ and BE (Base Excess) are derived parameters.

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Clinical Testing

In accordance with EP09‐A3, a method comparison study was conducted on the GEM Premier 5000 compared to the predicate device, the GEM Premier 4000, in the point‐of‐care (POC) setting using heparinized whole blood patient samples from the intended use population.

Study Design:

 Three (3) external point‐of‐care (POC) sites. One (1) internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) at IL, where three (3) intended POC users were brought on site to run the samples, allowing spiking to cover the reportable ranges.

The pooled results from the POC sites and the IL internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) for the Normal Mode (with samples collected in syringes) are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data - Normal Mode (with Syringe Samples)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.941</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.427</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.01 to 7.92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>492</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.955</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.545</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 to 117</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>506</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.992</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.093</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 685</td></tr></table>

To support capillary claims, finger‐stick samples were collected at an external POC site ( $N = 6 5$ native samples) and the IL internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) $N { = } 1 0 6$ native samples) with POC operators.   The observed total error at the medical decision levels is shown below:

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for $p C 0 _ { 2 }$ on the GEM Premier 5000.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data with Native Capillary Samples Only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RangeMin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RangeMax</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias at MDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI of Bias at MDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>171</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>7.36</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>7.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.015 to 0.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.006 to 0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005 to 0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>167</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3 to 11.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 9.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 to 8.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 9.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 to 5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 9.0</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Clinical Testing

In addition, the data from the native capillary samples (finger‐stick samples) previously presented were pooled with contrived capillary samples prepared internally.   The regression analysis is shown below:

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for $p C 0 _ { 2 }$ on the GEM Premier 5000.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data with Additional Contrived Capillary Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.935</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.494</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.07 to 7.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>218</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.545</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 676</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>The technological and functional characteristics of the new GEM Premier 5000 as described above are substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device (GEM Premier 4000) for pH, pCO2, pO2. The analytical and clinical study results demonstrate that the GEM Premier 5000 is safe and effective for its intended purpose and equivalent in performance to the predicate device.</td></tr></table>