SHENZHEN MINDRAY BIO-MEDICAL ELECTRONICS CO., LTD.   
ZHENG ZHE   
ENGINEER OF TECHNICAL REGULATION DEPARTMENT June 9, 2016 MINDRAY BUILDING, KEJI 12TH RD SOUTH,   
HI-TECH INDUSTRIAL PARK,   
NANSHAN, SHENZHEN, 518057 P.R. CHINA

Re: K160370 Trade/Device Name: BS-800M/ ABS800/BA-800M ISE KIT BS-800M Chemistry Analyzer BA-800M Chemistry Analyzer ABS-800 Chemistry Analyzer

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1665   
Regulation Name: Sodium Test System   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: JGS, CGZ, CEM, CDQ, JJE   
Dated: April 15, 2016   
Received: May 2, 2016

Dear Zeng Zhe:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K160370

Device Name BS-800M Chemistry Analyzer, BA-800M Chemistry Analyzer, ABS800 Chemistry Analyzer, BS-800M/ABS800/BA-800M ISE Kit

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The BS-800M/ABS800/BA-800M Chemistry Analyzer is designed for clinical chemistry laboratory use, making direct quantitative measurements of $\mathrm { N a + }$ (sodium), $\mathrm { K } +$ (potassium), Cl- (chloride) in serum, plasma and urine samples, and Urea Nitrogen in serum samples. Additionally, other various chemistry tests may be adaptable to the analyzer depending on the reagent used to induce a photometric reaction.

The BS-800M/ABS800/BA-800M ISE Kit is for the in vitro quantitative determination of Sodium $\left( \mathrm { N a } + \right)$ , Potassium $( \mathrm { K } + )$ and Chloride (Cl-) concentrations in serum, plasma and urine samples on the The BS-800M/ABS800/BA-800M Chemistry Analyzer.

Sodium measurements monitor electrolyte balance and in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

Potassium measurements monitor electrolyte balance and in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by, low or high blood potassium levels.

Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders.

Urea Nitrogen (BUN) measurements are used to aid in the determination of liver and kidney function and other diseases ssociated with protein catabolism.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(K) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

The assigned 510(k) number is: _K160370

# Submitter:

Shenzhen Mindray Bio-medical Electronics Co., LTD Mindray Building, Keji 12th Road South, Hi-tech Industrial Park, Nanshan, Shenzhen, 518057, P. R. China

Tel: +86 755 2658 2888   
Fax: +86 755 2658 2680

Contact Person:

Zeng Zhe   
Shenzhen Mindray Bio-medical Electronics Co., LTD   
Mindray Building, Keji 12th Road South, Hi-tech Industrial Park,   
Nanshan, Shenzhen, 518057, P. R. China

Date Prepared:

June 2, 2016

# Name of the device:

Trade/Proprietary Name:   
BS-800M Chemistry Analyzer, BA-800M Chemistry Analyzer, ABS800 Chemistry Analyzer, BS-800M/ABS800/BA-800M ISE Kit   
(BS-800M, BA-800M and ABS800 are the same analyzers except the appearance, logo and name of the models. For convenience of explanation, the BS-800M Chemistry Analyzer is represented of the three in this summary.)

Common Name: Clinical Chemistry Analyzer (with optional ISE Module)

#  Classification Number/Class:

75JJE, Class Ⅰ   
75CDQ, Class Ⅱ   
75CEM, Class Ⅱ   
75CGZ, Class Ⅱ   
75JGS, Class Ⅱ

# Legally Marketed Predicate Device:

K072018   
BS-200 Chemistry Analyzer, SHENZHEN MINDRAY BIO-MEDICAL ELECTRONICS   
CO., LTD

K972671 BUN (LIQUID) REAGENT SET, POINTE SCIENTIFIC, INC.

# Description:

The BS-800M/BA-800M/ABS800 Chemistry Analyzer is an automated clinical chemistry analyzer capable of performing various in vitro photometric assays. The BUN (LIQUID) REAGENT SET was cleared under K972671 and is the chosen assay to demonstrate performance for the photometric unit. The BS-800M Chemistry Analyzer has an optional Ion-Selective Electrode (ISE) module which measures the concentration of the electrolytes, sodium, potassium, and chloride, in samples using ion selective electrode technology.

# Intended Use/ Indication for Use:

The BS-800M/ABS800/BA-800M Chemistry Analyzer is designed for clinical chemistry laboratory use, making direct quantitative measurements of $\mathrm { N a + }$ (sodium), $\mathrm { K } +$ (potassium), Cl- (chloride) in serum, plasma and urine samples, and Urea Nitrogen in serum samples. Additionally, other various chemistry tests may be adaptable to the analyzer depending on the reagent used to induce a photometric reaction.

The BS-800M/ABS800/BA-800M ISE Kit is for the in vitro quantitative determination of Sodium $\mathrm { ( N a + ) }$ , Potassium $( \mathrm { K } ^ { + } )$ , and Chloride (Cl-) concentrations in serum, plasma and urine samples on the The BS-800M/ABS800/BA-800M Chemistry Analyzer.

Sodium measurements monitor electrolyte balance and in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

Potassium measurements monitor electrolyte balance and in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by, low or high blood potassium levels.

Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders.

Urea Nitrogen (BUN) measurements are used to aid in the determination of liver and kidney function and other diseases associated with protein catabolism.

# Comparison of Technological Characteristics:

Substantial equivalence has been demonstrated between the BS-800M Chemistry Analyzer and BS-200 Chemistry Analyzer. Both of them utilize absorbance photometry to perform and output quantitative results for kinetic and endpoint clinical chemistries. For analytes, BS-800M Chemistry Analyzer and BS-200 Chemistry Analyzer determine the concentration of unknown samples from a standard curve generated with known analyte concentrations. The BS-800M Chemistry Analyzer and BS-200 Chemistry Analyzer both utilize Ion-Selective Electrodes technology to measures the concentration of the electrolytes, sodium, potassium, and chloride in samples.

# Comparison Table of BS-800M and Predicate Device:

Comparison on photometric assay Chart 1: BS-800M and BS-200 analyzer   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparisonSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BS-800M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BS-200(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(K) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K160370</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K072018</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BS-800M/ABS800/BA-800MChemistry Analyzer is designed forclinical chemistry laboratory use,making    direct    quantitativemeasurements of Na+(sodium), K+(potassium), Cl- (chloride) in serum,plasma and urine samples, and UreaNitrogen in serum samples.Additionally, othervariouschemistry tests may be adaptable tothe analyzer depending on thereagent used to induce a photometricreaction.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BS-200 Chemistry Analyzer isdesigned for clinical laboratory use,making    direct     quantitativemeasurements of Na+ (sodium), K+(potassium), Cl-(chloride) in serum,plasma and urine samples andGlucose in serum samples.Additionally,othervariouschemistry assays may be adaptableto the analyzer depending on thereagent used to induce a photometricreaction.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter(photometric)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter(ion selectiveelectrode)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+, K+, Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+, K+, Cl</td></tr></table>

Page 3 of 14   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BS-800M</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BS-200(Predicate Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same(S)/Different(D)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">→</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(K)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K160370</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K072018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">/</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">System Function</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic,       computercontrolled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic,microprocessor controlled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIS externalconnectivitycapability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration/QC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic and Manualcalibration/QC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic and Manualcalibration/QC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">s</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">s</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Throughput (Max)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800 photometric tests perhour1200 tests per hour with ISE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 photometric tests perhour330 tests per hour with ISE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Configuration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzing unit, the RackFeeder System, Operationunit, Output unit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical unit, Operationunit, Output unit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Principle of Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode of detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical methods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EndpointFixed-timeKinetic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EndpointFixed-timeKinetic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration methods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear  calibration  andnonlinear calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear  calibration  andnonlinear calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">s</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Optical Measurement Unit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementModes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Absorbance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Absorbance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical Modes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monochromatic,Bichromatic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monochromatic,Bichromatic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multi-wavelength,diffraction gratingspectrophotometer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multi-wavelength, Lighttransmission mode of thefilter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wavelength</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">340nm, 380nm, 412nm,450nm, 505nm, 546nm,570nm, 605nm, 660nm,700nm, 740nm and 800nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">340nm, 405nm, 450nm,510nm, 546nm, 578nm,630nm, 670nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear absorbancerange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-3.4 absorbance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-4.0 absorbance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tungsten halogen lamp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tungsten halogen lamp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photodiode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photodiode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr></table>

Comparison on Electrolytes assay Chart 2: BS-800M ISE module and BS-200 ISE module   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reaction Unit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reaction cuvettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glass, 165 non-disposable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic, 80 disposable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reaction volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100~360μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180~500μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Optical path</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactiontemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Sample and Reagent System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample disk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140 positions. 45 positionsrespectively for outer twocircles of outer rings and 25positions respectively forinter two circles of interrings</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 sample tube positions onthe outer circle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent disk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 positions. 50 positionsfor inner circle and 70positions for outer circle.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 reagent bottle positionson the inner circle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pipttor System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive displacementstepper motordrive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive       displacementstepper motor drive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refrigeratortemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-15°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Dispense</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5μL -50μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3μL -45μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Dispense</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15μL-300μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30μL-450μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POWER</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Input</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110/115V~±10%,60Hz±1Hz</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100-130V~,50/60±1 Hz</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Consumption</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3800VA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 VA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Operating environmental conditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15°C to 30°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15°C to 30°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35% to 85%,non-condensing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35% to 80%,non-condensing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BS-800M ISE Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BS-200 ISE Kit (PredicateDevice)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same(S)/Different(D)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(K)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K160370</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K072018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Indication for use/Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISE Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BS-800M/ ABS800/BA-800M ISE Module isfor the in vitro quantitativedetermination of Sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BS-200 ISE Module isfor the in vitro quantitativedetermination of Sodium(Na†), Potassium (K*), and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(Na"), Potassium (K"), andChloride               (Cl)concentrations in serum,plasma and urine sampleson the tthe BS-800M/ABS800/        BA-800MChemistry Analyzer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloride                (CI)concentrations in serum,plasma and urine sampleson  thetheBS-200Chemistry Analyzer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium     measurementsmonitor electrolyte balanceand in the diagnosis andtreatmentofdiseasesinvolving        electrolyteimbalance.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium     measurementsmonitor electrolyte balanceand in the diagnosis andtreatment  of  diseasesinvolving        electrolyteimbalance.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium measurementsmonitor electrolyte balanceand in the diagnosis andtreatment of diseaseconditions characterized by,low or high blood potassiumlevels.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium measurementsmonitor electrolyte balanceand in the diagnosis andtreatment of diseaseconditions characterized by,low or high blood potassiumlevels.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloride measurements areused in the diagnosis andtreatment of electrolyte andmetabolic disorders.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloride measurements areused in the diagnosis andtreatment of electrolyte andmetabolic disorders.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">System Function</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ion Selective Electrode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ion Selective Electrode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na+    electrode,    K+electrode, Cl- electrode,reference electrode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na+    electrode,    K+electrode, Cl- electrode,reference electrode, Spaceelectrode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MR Serum Standard, MRUrine Standard, MR BufferSolution, MR DetergentSolution, MR Na/K CheckSolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent   Pack,   UrineDiluent, Cleaning Solution,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISE InternalStandard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22 µL total for all three tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70 μL Serum, plasma mode;140 μL Urine mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISE ThroughputRate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600 tests/hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 tests/hour  Serum,plasma mode;</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Environment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Lab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Lab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">s</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Calibration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MR Serum Standard forSerum, Plasma mode;MR Urine standard forUrine mode;</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISE reagent pack for allthree sample types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na: NIST standard materialSRM919K: NIST standard materialSRM 918Cl: NIST standard materialSRM 919</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na: NIST standard materialSRM956K: NIST standard materialSRM 956Cl: NIST standard materialSRM 956</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5~35,12 months ofshelf-life, 8 weeks of in-usestability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4~2524 months ofshelf-life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffered Aqueous matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffered Aqueous matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofCalibrator levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two for serum/Plasma andTwo for Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two for serum/plasma/urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationFrequency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Daily</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Performance Characters</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyticalMeasuring(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/PlasmaNa: 100-200K: 1-8Cl: 50-150UrineNa: 10-400K: 5-200Cl: 15-400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/PlasmaNa: 113-194K: 1.1-8.6Cl: 53-154UrineNa: 27-372K: 13-184Cl: 42-422</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference Interval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum(Adults):Sodium: 136-145 mmol/LPotassium: 3.5-5.1 mmol/LChloride: 98-107 mmol/LPlasma(Adults):Sodium: 136-145 mmol/LPotassium: 3.4-4.5 mmol/LChloride: 98-107 mmol/LUrine, 24 hour (Adults):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum(Adults):Sodium: 136-145 mmol/LPotassium: 3.5-5.1 mmol/LChloride: 98-107 mmol/LPlasma(Adults):Sodium: 136-145 mmol/LPotassium: 3.4-4.5 mmol/LChloride: 98-107 mmol/LUrine, 24 hour (Adults):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Sodium: 40-220 mmol/24h Potassium:25-125 mol/24h Chloride:110-250 mol/24h</td><td>Sodium: 40-220 mmol/24h Potassium:25-125 mol/24h Chloride:110-250 mol/24h</td><td>D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">NSI Interferences concentration</td><td>Bilirubin Na/K/Cl for three sample types: 40 mg/dL Hemoglobin Na/Cl for three sample</td><td>Bilirubin Na/K/Cl for three sample types: 20 mg/dL Hemoglobin Na/K/Cl for three sample</td><td rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>types: 500 mg/dL Urine K: 500 mg/dL Lipemia Na/K/Cl for three sample types: 1000 mg/dL</td><td>types: 500 mg/dL Lipemia Na/K/Cl for three sample types: 1000 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics:

Performance testing of the BS-800M Chemistry Analyzer consisted of running the FDA previously cleared assay and the ISE module on the BS-800M to evaluate precision, linearity, and method comparison, Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation, interference, ISE plasma sample type studies.

A correlation analysis between the BS-800M Chemistry Analyzer and BS-200 Chemistry Analyzer yielded the following results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4-149.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.2-196.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9966</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40-7.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9994</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.4-149.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9993</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Na+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1-395.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1-194.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2-381.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9988</td></tr></table>

And the bias at the medical decision points of method comparison yielded the following

results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Unit</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Medical decisionpoints</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Bias at the medical decision points(Difference/Difference%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Point 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Point 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Point 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,26,50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.696/11.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.317/1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.138/-0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumNa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115,135,150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.713/-2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.149/-1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.727/-1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumK+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0,5.8,7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.032/1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.144/2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.212/2.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90,112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.245/0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.267/0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>/</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UrineNa+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.759/-6.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.837/-1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>/</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UrineK+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.418/-5.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.085/-2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>/</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UrineCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.112/-1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.147/-2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>/</td></tr></table>

The total precision test of BS-800M yielded the following results:

Page 9 of 14   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Unit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-DevicePrecision</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">BUN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlpool 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlpool 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Serum Na+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlpool 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlpool 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">166.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Serum K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlpool 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlpool 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.033</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Serum CL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlpool 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pool 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Urine Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlpool 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlpool 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">148.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Urine K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlpool 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlpool 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Urine Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlpool 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlpool 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td></tr></table>

The linearity test of BS-800M yielded the following results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear RangeTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClaimedLinearRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5-162.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumNa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0783</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.9-224.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100-200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumK+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61-9.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumCr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0389</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0-162.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UrineNa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5-469.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1-254.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UrineCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0370</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9-439.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-400</td></tr></table>

The detection limit studies test of BS-800M yielded the following results:

Page 10 of 14   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoQ</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BUN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Na+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.54</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine Na+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.8</td></tr></table>

The Interference test of BS-800M yielded the following results:

Effects of bilirubin, hemoglobin, lipemia, ascorbic acid are tested, yielded the following results:

Results of the bilirubin interference testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyteconcentration(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubinlevel(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.539.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.0-0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Na+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134.0154.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4+0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.235.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01+0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.7114.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1-0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Na+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.9224.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.6-1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.9127.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.0-0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113.9253.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.1-1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr></table>

Results of the hemoglobin interference testing   
Page 11 of 14   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyteconcentration(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobinlevel(mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bias(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comments</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BUN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.640.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+0.4-0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Na+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">129.4153.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+0.9+0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Serum K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">3.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+0.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">5.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+0.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Cl-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.8113.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+2.0+2.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine Na+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.1223.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+1.5+2.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.3135.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+1.5+0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113.1261.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+2.5+1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr></table>

Results of the lipemia interference testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyteconcentration(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemialevel(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.338.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.2-1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Na+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.3147.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.5+0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.085.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.05+0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.5111.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.0-0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UrineNa+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.9215.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1-0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.1127.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.1-0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UrineCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.8232.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.2-0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr></table>

Results of the ascorbic acid interference testing   
Page 12 of 14   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyteconcentration(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acidlevel(mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bias(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comments</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BUN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.041.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.3-0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Na+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132.9153.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.3+1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.195.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+0.00+0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89.1114.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.2-0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine Na+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.3223.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+0.4+0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.7125.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+0.1-0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">116.2251.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+0.0+0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI</td></tr></table>

There is no significant interference (NSI) observed when the concentrations of interference materials (including drugs) is below the ones in the following table

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level tested(mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procainamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxytyramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valproic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1205</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethosuximide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr></table>

There was significant interference for hemoglobin and Potassium Thiocynate.

• Avoid Hemolyzed samples for potassium. Hemolyzed samples may give incorrect elevated potassium. Intracellular potassium concentration is 30-50 fold greater than that of extracellular serum or plasma. • Potassium thiocynate increases potassium by $0 . 5 5 \ \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ at the concentration of $3 . 3 0 \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ and by $0 . 5 8 \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ at the concentration of $5 . 3 9 \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ . • Potassium thiocynate increases chloride by $1 2 . 3 \ \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ at the concentration of 90.9 mmol/L and by $1 2 . 6 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ at the concentration of $1 1 4 . 6 \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ .

The BS-800M’s sample type studies between serum and plasma of ${ \mathrm { N a } } ^ { + } , { \mathrm { ~ K } } ^ { + } .$ , Cl- test yielded the following results, which proved the sample type plasma can also apply to ISE test:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.2-195.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9989</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45-7.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.966</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9930</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.2-148.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The data demonstrates that the BS-800M Chemistry Analyzer is substantially equivalent to BS-200 Chemistry Analyzer.