SIEMENS HEALTHCARE DIAGNOSTICS, INC.   
KATHLEEN DRAY-LYONS   
REGULATORY AND CLINICAL AFFAIRS SPECIALIST 500 GBC DRIVE   
NEWARK DE 19714

Re: K160724 Trade/Device Name: ADVIA Chemistry $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Creatine Kinase (CK_L) Assay, ADVIA Chemistry $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Enzyme 3 Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1215 Regulation Name: Creatine phosphokinase/creatine kinase or isoenzymes test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CGS, JIT Dated: August 2, 2016 Received: August 3, 2016

Dear Kathleen Dray-Lyons:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Kathleen Dray-Lyons

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration

# Indications for Use

Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known) K160724

Device Name ADVIA Chemistry $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ADVIA Chemistry $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$

Indications for Use (Describe)

ADVIA Chemistry $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Creatine Kinase (CK_L) assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of   
  
ru   
muscular dystrophy. ADVIA Chemistry $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Enzyme 3 Calibrator:   
ADVIA Chemistry $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Enlratr te  iiost e alrati DVIA Chemistry Creatine Kinase (CK_L) assay on the ADVIA Chemistry systems.

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

Teburden tmeorhcollectionomations tmate vrageours p eonsenclud m  evwstructions ear existing dat sourc athanmaintaie da need n cp a reviw  octinoationS cment ardi h burd timat of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond t, a colection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K160724

1. Manufacturer’s Name, Address, Telephone, and Contact Person, Date of Preparation

Applicant:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 500 GBC Drive   
Newark, DE 19714

Contact Information:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc.   
P.O. Box 6101   
Newark, DE 19714   
Attn: Kathleen Dray-Lyons   
Tel: 781-826-4551   
Email: kathleen.a.dray-lyons@siemens.com

Date of Preparation:

September 6, 2016

2. Device Names:

$\bigcirc$ ADVIA Chemistry® Creatine Kinase (CK_L) Assay o ADVIA Chemistry® Enzyme 3 Calibrator

# Classification:

o 21 CFR §862.1215; Creatine phosphokinase/creatine kinase or isoenzymes test system, Class II o 21 CFR §862.1150; Calibrator Secondary, Class II

Product Code:   
$\bigcirc$ CGS   
o JIT

Panel: $\bigcirc$ Clinical Chemistry o Clinical Chemistry

3. Identification of the Predicate Devices:

ADVIA Chemistry Creatine Kinase (CKNAC) Assay - K991576   
Dimension Vista ENZ 6 CAL - K083579

4. Device Description:

# ADVIA Chemistry Creatine Kinase Assay:

ADVIA Chemistry Creatine Kinase (CK_L) assay is a ready-to-use liquid reagent packaged for use on the automated ADVIA Chemistry systems. Creatine Kinase reacts with creatine phosphate and ADP to form adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is coupled to the hexokinase-G6PD reaction, generating NADPH. The concentration of NADPH is measured by the increase in absorbance at 340/596 nm.

# ADVIA Chemistry ENZ 3 CAL:

ENZ 3 CAL is a liquid frozen human serum albumin based product containing creatine kinase MM from human heart. Enzyme 3 Calibrator kit consists of six vials of the same calibrator which is ready for use (no preparation is required).

# 5. Device Intended Use:

# ADVIA Chemistry Creatine® Kinase (CK_L) Assay:

The ADVIA Chemistry® Creatine Kinase (CK_L) assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of creatine kinase activity in human plasma (lithium heparin) or serum on ADVIA Chemistry systems. The assay can be used to aid in the diagnosis and treatment of myocardial infarction and muscle diseases, such as Duchenne progressive muscular dystrophy.

# ADVIA Chemistry ENZ 3 CAL:

ADVIA Chemistry® Enzyme 3 Calibrator is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the calibration of the ADVIA Chemistry Creatine Kinase (CK_L) assay on the ADVIA Chemistry systems.

6. Medical device to which equivalence is claimed:

# ADVIA Chemistry Creatine® Kinase (CK_L) Assay:

The modified ADVIA Chemistry CK_L assay is substantially equivalent in intended use and technology to the predicate ADVIA Chemistry Creatine Kinase (CKNAC) assay cleared under K991576. Both assays utilize creatine kinase, which reacts with creatine phosphate and ADP to form ATP that is coupled to the hexokinase-G6PD reaction, generating NADPH. The concentration of NADPH is measured by the increase in absorbance. A comparison of the similarities and differences between the currently marketed ADVIA Chemistry CKNAC (predicate) versus the proposed modified ADVIA Chemistry CK_L assay is provided in the table below.

# Similarities and Differences ADVIA Chemistry CK Assay (K991576) versus Modified ADVIA Chemistry CK_L Assay

<table><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Predicate ADVIA Chemistry CKNAC K991576</td><td>Proposed ADVIA Chemistry CK_L Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use Statement</td><td>For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of creatine kinase activity in human serum and plasma on the ADVIA Chemistry systems. Such measurements are used mainly in the diagnosis and treatment of myocardial infarction and muscle diseases such as Duchenne progressive muscular dystrophy.</td><td>The ADVIA Chemistry® Creatine Kinase (CK_L) assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of creatine kinase activity in human plasma (lithium heparin) or serum on ADVIA Chemistry systems. The assay can be used to aid in the diagnosis and treatment of myocardial infarction and muscle diseases, such as Duchenne progressive muscular dystrophy.</td></tr><tr><td>Principle</td><td>Creatine Kinase reacts with creatine phosphate and ADP to form ATP which is coupled to the hexokinase-G6PD reaction, generating NADPH. The concentration of NADPH is measured by the increase in absorbance at 340/410 nm.</td><td>Creatine Kinase reacts with creatine phosphate and ADP to form ATP which is coupled to the hexokinase-G6PD reaction, generating NADPH. The concentration of NADPH is measured by the increase in absorbance at 340/596 nm.</td></tr><tr><td>Kit Components</td><td>Reagent 1 - lyophilized Reagent 1 mix - lyophilized</td><td>Reagent 1 - liquid Reagent 2 - liquid</td></tr><tr><td>Calibrator</td><td>None - fixed calibrator value</td><td>ADVIA Enzyme 3 Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Type</td><td>Serum and lithium heparin plasma</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Range</td><td>0 to 1300 U/L</td><td>15 to 1300 U/L</td></tr><tr><td>Extended Range</td><td>1300 to 7800 U/L</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Analyzers</td><td>ADVIA Chemistry 1650, 1200, 1800, 2400 and XPT Systems</td><td>ADVIA Chemistry 1800 System</td></tr></table>

# ADVIA Chemistry ENZ 3 CAL:

The ENZ 3 CAL is substantially equivalent in intended use to the predicate Dimension Vista ENZ 6 CAL (K083579). A comparison of the similarities and differences between the currently Dimension Vista ENZ 6 CAL versus the proposed ADVIA Chemistry ENZ 3 CAL is provided in the table below.

# Similarities and DifferencesDimension Vista ENZ 6 CAL (K083579) versusADVIA Chemistry ENZ 3 CAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateDimension Vista® ENZ 6 CAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProposedADVIA Chemistry® ENZ 3 CAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ENZ 6 CAL is an in vitrodiagnostic product for the calibrationof Creatine Kinase (CKI) andCreatine Kinase MB (MBI) methodson the Dimension Vista® System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Chemistry® Enzyme 3Calibrator is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use in the calibration ofADVIA Chemistry Creatine Kinase(CK_L) assay on the ADVIAChemistry® systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IFCC Reference Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ENZ 6 CAL is a liquid frozen humanserum albumin based productcontaining creatinine kinase BB fromporcine brain and creatine kinaseMM from human heart.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Chemistry ENZ 3 CAL is aliquid frozen human serum albumin(5%) and preservatives with lot-specific concentrations of creatinekinase MM from human heart.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging Content</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 vials: Calibrator A, 2mL per vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 vials of calibrator, 2mL per vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20 °C or below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 to -15°</td></tr></table>

# 7. Performance Characteristics

# Method Comparison:

A split sample method comparison between the ADVIA Chemistry CK_L assay versus the predicate ADVIA Chemistry CKNAC (K991576) assay was performed with 116 native de-identified human serum samples across the assay range (15 to ${ 1 3 0 0 } \mathrm { U } / \mathrm { L } )$ on the ADVIA Chemistry 1800 system. Analysis of the results using Deming (Orthogonal) regression yielded the following:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateMethodSampleRangeU/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProposedMethodSampleRangeU/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterceptU/L(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient(R)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA CKNACversus ADVIA CK_L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 to 1253</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 to 1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01(1.00 to1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.8(-3.3 to -0.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr></table>

# Precision:

Testing was performed over twenty (20) days, two (2) runs per day, a single test from two (2) independent cups were analyzed for each test material using the ADVIA

Chemistry CK_L assay on the ADVIA Chemistry 1800 System. Analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used to evaluate the data consistent with the recommendations of CLSI EP05-A2. Typical precision is summarized below.

Repeatability and Within-Lab Results ADVIA CK_L on the ADVIA 1800   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean U/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RepeatabilitySD    %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-LabSD  %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BIORADQC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3     1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9   2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BIORADQC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5     0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1   1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BIORADQC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>639</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6     0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1   1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLASMA POOL 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7     0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3   0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SERUM POOL 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7     2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9   3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SERUM POOL 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0     1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2   1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SERUM POOL 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>938</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2     0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6   0.6</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

Linearity across the assay range was confirmed according to CLSI EP06-A, Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement, by testing a sample with a high concentration of creatine kinase on the ADVIA Chemistry CK_L assay and diluting it with low serum sample. Data were analyzed using weighted linear regression analysis [x-axis: theoretical concentration versus y-axis: measured concentration]. A $2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ - and $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ -order polynomial regressions of the mean observed analyte values vs. expected concentrations were generated. These data support the measuring range of 15 to ${ 1 3 0 0 } \mathrm { U } / \mathrm { L }$ . A summary of the linearity data is presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Range ofSamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LinearRegressionEquation</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RegressionConstant</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>P-ValueQuadratic$x^2}$           Cubic X²  Cubic X³</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1372</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y=1.00X+0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2346</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1962</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2610</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>SampleNumber</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ExpectedResults(U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Observed Results (U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Bias from thePredicted</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean VValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicted(U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias(U/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>172</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>177</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>175</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>177</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>172</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>344</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>346</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>347</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>343</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>345</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>343</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>516</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>516</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>518</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>516</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>687</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>686</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>689</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>682</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>686</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>685</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>859</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>861</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>865</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>867</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>856</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample Number</td><td rowspan="2">Expected Results (U/L)</td><td colspan="6">Observed Results (U/L)</td><td rowspan="2">Linear Predicted</td><td colspan="2">% Bias from the rredicted</td></tr><tr><td>Result 1</td><td>Result 2</td><td>Result 3</td><td>Mean Values</td><td>SD</td><td>CV (U/L)</td><td>% Bias</td><td>Bias (U/L)</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>1202</td><td>1195</td><td>1196</td><td>1197</td><td>1196</td><td>1.0</td><td>0.1</td><td>1197</td><td>0</td><td>-1</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>1374</td><td>1371</td><td>1370</td><td>1375</td><td>1372</td><td>2.6</td><td>0.2</td><td>1369</td><td>0</td><td>3</td></tr></table>

# Detection Capability

The LoB and LoD values are determined with proportions of false positives (Į) less than $5 \%$ and false negatives (ȕ) less than $5 \%$ , based on 450 determinations with 225 blank and 225 low-level sample replicates.

The LoB is the highest measurement result that is likely to be observed on a blank sample. The LoB for the ADVIA Chemistry CK_L assay is $3 \textmu m$ .

The LoD is the smallest amount that this assay can reliably detect to determine presence or absence of an analyte. The LoD for the ADVIA Chemistry CK_L assay is $6 \cup / \mathrm { L }$ .

The LoQ is the lowest amount of creatine kinase that can be determined quantitatively within a defined total error. The LoQ for the ADVIA Chemistry CK_L assay is $1 5 \cup / \mathrm { L }$ .

# Interference Testing

Interference testing was performed according to CLSI/NCCLS EP07-A2: Approved Guideline Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry to determine the effect of various endogenous and exogenous substances on the ADVIA Chemistry CK_L assay. For all interferents, the percent bias was determined by testing a control sample without the interferent and comparing it to the value obtained from a test sample to which the potential interferent had been added. Interferents were tested at two levels of creatine kinase, $9 5 \pm 1 4 \mathrm { { U } L }$ and ${ 2 6 5 \pm }$ $4 0 \ U / \mathsf { L }$ . For each spiked sample, the $\%$ recovery was determined. A summary of the non-interfering substance data is presented below.

Interference Testing CK_L on the ADVIA 1800   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferent TestConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK Test Level(U/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Difference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Hemolysate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125 (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125 (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">284</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">BilirubinConjugated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">256</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">BilirubinUnconjugated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">264</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Lipemia(Intralipid)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">276</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbid Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">271</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sulfasalazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 (mg/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 (mg/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">264</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sulfapyridine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 (mg/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 (mg/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">263</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2%</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison versus IFCC Reference Method

A split sample method comparison between the ADVIA Chemistry CK_L assay on the ADVIA Chemistry 1800 system versus the IFCC certified reference method on the Konelab 30i analyzer (Thermo Fisher Scientific) was performed with 100 native de-identified human serum samples across the assay range (15 to $1 3 0 0 \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { L } )$ . Analysis of the results yielded the following:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateMethodSampleRangeU/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProposedMethodampleRangeU/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterceptU/L(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient(R)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA CK_L versusIFCC Reference Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 to 1178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 to 1245</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05(1.03 to1.07)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.9(-8.8 to -4.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr></table>

# Matrix Comparison

To confirm the equivalency of sample types, the performance of the ADVIA Chemistry CK_L assay was compared for serum and lithium heparin plasma samples. Testing was performed using one lot of reagents and a single replicate from a matched set of serum and plasma samples in accordance with CLSI EP09-A3.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumSampleRangeU/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma(Lithiumheparin)SampleRangeU/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterceptU/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient(R)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum versusPlasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37-1282</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 to 1284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr></table>

# 8. Conclusion:

The proposed modified ADVIA Chemistry ${ \mathsf { C K } } \bot$ assay is substantially equivalent to the current legally marketed device based on intended use, principle and the performance characteristics above.