INSTRUMENTATION LABORATORY CO.CAROL MARBLE  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS DIRECTOR  
180 HARTWELL ROAD  
BEDFORD MA 01730

Re: K160225 Trade/Device Name: GEM Premier 5000 (Measured Parameters: Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Ionized Calcium), GEM System Evaluator, GEM Hematocrit Evaluator, GEM CVP 5 tBili Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1665 Regulation Name: Sodium Test System Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JGS, CEM, CGZ, JFP, JJY, JJE, GLK Dated: December 6, 2016 Received: December 7, 2016

Dear Ms. Marble:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, PhD   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name GEM Premier 5000 (Measured Parameters: Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Ionized Calcium) GEM System Evaluator, GEM Hematocrit Evaluator, GEM CVP 5 tBili

Indications for Use (Describe)

The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of sodium and ionized calcium from venous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood, as well as quantitative measurements of potassium and chloride from venous and arterial heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of electrolyte balance.

Sodium $\mathrm { ( N a + ) }$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

Potassium $( \mathrm { K } ^ { + } )$ measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease condition characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

Chloride (Cl-) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

Ionized calcium $\mathrm { ( C a + + ) }$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.

GEM System Evaluator is a three-level assayed quality control material for evaluating performance characteristics of pH, pCO2, pO2, Electrolytes, Metabolites, Total Bilirubin (tBili) and CO-Oximetry on the GEM Premier 4000 and GEM Premier 5000 analyzers.

GEM Hematocrit Evaluator is a three-level assayed quality control material intended for evaluating performance characteristics of hematocrit on the GEM Premier 4000 and GEM Premier 5000 analyzers.

GEM CVP 5 tBili is an external Calibration Valuation Product used to complete the calibration process of the GEM Premier 4000 and GEM Premier 5000 analyzers prior to use with patient samples for total bilirubin (tBili) testing.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td></td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co.</td></tr><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>180 Hartwell Road</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="4">Contact Person</td><td>Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director</td></tr><tr><td>Phone: 781-861-4467</td></tr><tr><td>Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td>Email: cmarble@ilww.com</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>December 6, 2016</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="4">Device Trade Names</td><td>• GEM Premier 5000</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(Measured Parameters: Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, lonized Calcium)</td></tr><tr><td>GEM CVP 5 tBili</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>GEM System Evaluator ∞ GEM Hematocrit Evaluator •</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K133407</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM CVP 5 tBili</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K112995</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM System Evaluator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K093623</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Hematocrit Evaluator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K093623</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.2160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrete photometric chemistryanalyzer for clinical use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGZ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lonized Calcium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Controls(InternalPCS D and E)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality control material(assayed and unassayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I(Reserved)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.8625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLK</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>GEM CVP 5 tBili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Quality control material (assayed and unassayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I(Reserved)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>GEM System Evaluator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Quality control material (assayed and unassayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I(Reserved)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>GEM Hematocrit Evaluator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.8625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Hematocrit Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLK</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr></table>

Page 3 of 25   

<table><tr><td colspan="3">clinical settings with fast, accurate, quantitative measurements of sodium andionizedcalcium fromvenous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood, as well as quantitative measurements of potassium and chloride from venous and arterial heparinized whole blood.</td></tr><tr><td>Key Components</td><td></td><td>Description Employs a unique color touch screen and a simple set of menus and</td></tr><tr><td>Analyzer</td><td colspan="2">buttons for user interaction. The analyzer guides operators through the sampling process with simple, clear messages and prompts. Houses all required components necessary to operate the instrument once the cartridge is validated. These components include the sensors,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">GEM Premier 5000 PAK (disposable, multi-use GEM PAK)</td><td>CO-Ox/tBili optical cell, Process Control (PC) Solutions, sampler, pump efficiency. NOTE: Step 1: no user intervention.</td><td>tubing, distribution valve and waste bag. The GEM PAK has flexible menus and test volume options to assist facilities in maximizing The EEPROM on the GEM PAK includes all solution values and controls the analyte menu and number of tests. After inserting the GEM PAK, the instrument will perform an automated PAK warm-up during which the sensors are hydrated and a variety of checks occur, all of which take</td></tr><tr><td>Step 2: overall performance of the analytical system. NOTE: For total bilirubin, CVP 5 tBili (Calibration Valuation Product) must be run prior to performing tBili samples. Step 3: After successful performance of APV, iQM2 manages the</td><td>about 40 minutes. During warm-up, the instrument requires After GEM PAK warmup, Auto PAK Validation (APV) process is automatically completed: two completely independent solutions (PC Solution D and E) that are traceable to NIST standards, CLSI procedures or internal standards, containing two levels of concentration for each analyte, are run by the analyzer to validate the integrity of the PC Solutions and the</td></tr><tr><td>Intelligent Quality Management 2 (iQM2)</td><td>quality control process, replacing external quality controls. iQM2 is an active quality process control program designed to provide continuous monitoring of the analytical process before, during and after sample measurement with real-time, automatic error detection, automatic correction of the system and automatic documentation of all corrective actions. iQM2 is a statistical process control system that performs 5 types of continuous, quality checks to monitor the performance of the GEM PAK, sensors, CO-Ox, and reagents. These checks include System, Sensor, IntraSpect, Pattern Recognition and Stability Checks.</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Indications for Use / Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 5000with Intelligent QualityManagement 2 (iQM2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable critical care system for use byhealth care professionals to rapidly analyze heparinized wholeblood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinicalsetting and in a central laboratory. The instrument providesquantitative measurements of sodium and ionized calcium fromvenous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood, as well asquantitative measurements of potassium and chloride from venousand arterial heparinized whole blood. These parameters, alongwith derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of electrolytebalance.Sodium (Na*) measurements are used in the diagnosis andtreatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenalhypertension, Addison&#x27;s disease, dehydration, inappropriateantidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyteimbalance.Potassium (k*) measurements are used to monitor electrolytebalance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditionscharacterized by low or high blood potassium levels.Chloride (Cl) measurements are used in the diagnosis andtreatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders, such as cysticfibrosis and diabetic acidosis.lonized calcium (Ca++) measurements are used in the diagnosisand treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases,chronic renal disease and tetany.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM CVP 5 tBili</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM CVP 5 tBili is an external Calibration Valuation Product used tocomplete the calibration process of the GEM Premier 4000 andGEM Premier 5000 analyzers prior to use with patient samples fortotal bilirubin (tBili) testing.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM System Evaluator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM System Evaluator is a three-level assayed quality controlmaterial for evaluating performance characteristics of pH, pCO2,pO2, Electrolytes, Metabolites, Total Bilirubin (tBili) andCO-Oximetry on the GEM Premier 4000 and GEM Premier 5000analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Hematocrit Evaluator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Hematocrit Evaluator is a three-level assayed quality controlmaterial intended for evaluating performance characteristics ofhematocrit on the GEM Premier 4000 and GEM Premier 5000analyzers.</td></tr></table>

# Special Conditions for Use Statement

For prescription use only. • For clinical laboratory and point-of-care use.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Substantial Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>T </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K133407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K160225</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GEM Premier 4000 is a portable critical care system for use byhealth care professionals to rapidly analyze whole blood samples atthe point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a centrallaboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements ofpH, pCO2, pO2, sodium, potassium, chloride, ionized calcium,glucose, lactate, hematocrit, total bilirubin and CO-Oximetry (tHb,O2Hb, COHb, MetHb, HHb) parameters. Total bilirubin can also bequantitated from heparinized plasma samples when analyzed in thetBili/co-Ox mode. These parameters, along with derivedparameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient&#x27;s acid/base status,electrolyte and metabolite balance and oxygen delivery capacity.Total bilirubin measurements are used in the diagnosis andmanagement of biliary tract obstructions, liver disease and varioushemolytic diseases and disorders involving the metabolism ofbilirubin. In neonates, the level of total bilirubin is used to aid inassessing the risk of kernicterus.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable critical care system for useby health care professionals to rapidly analyze heparinized wholeblood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinicalsetting and in a central laboratory. The instrument providesquantitative measurements of sodium and ionized calcium fromvenous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood, as well asquantitative measurements of potassium and chloride fromvenous and arterial heparinized whole blood. These parameters,along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of electrolytebalance.Sodium (Na*) measurements are used in the diagnosis andtreatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenalhypertension, Addison&#x27;s disease, dehydration, inappropriateantidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyteimbalance.Potassium (K*) measurements are used to monitor electrolytebalance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditionscharacterized by low or high blood potassium levels.Chloride (Cl) measurements are used in the diagnosis andtreatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders, such as cysticfibrosis and diabetic acidosis.lonized calcium (Ca**) measurements are used in the diagnosisand treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases,chronic renal disease and tetany.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Substantial Equivalency (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K133407</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K160225</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended User</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Central Laboratory and Point-of-Care</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample Type</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Heparinized whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na", Cat+</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Arterial, venous orcapillary heparinizedwhole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K*, Cl</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Arterial or venousheparinized wholeblood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrolyte Measurement</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Potentiometry</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Introduction</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Aspiration</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PAK Shelf-Life Stability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Up to 180 days</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PAK Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">15-25°</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Operating Temperature</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">12-32°</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating System Software</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Linux-based</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2-point calibration</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">QC Material</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CVP 1 and 2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">PC Solution D and E (PAK Internal)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CVP 3 and 4</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">PC Solution D and E (PAK Internal)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CVP 5 tBili</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">Same; No Formulation ChangeGEM Premier 5000 claims added</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM System Evaluator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Hematocrit Evaluator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K133407</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K160225</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Dimensions</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000 Instrument:Height: 18 inches•  Width: 12 inchesDepth: 15 inches• Weight: 44 pounds</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000 Instrument:Height: 18.6 inches• Width: 13.0 inches•  Depth: 16.4 inchesWeight: 45.4 pounds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cartridge (PAK) Dimensions</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000 Cartridge (PAK):Height: 6.75 inchesWidth: 10 inchesDepth: 8 inchesWeight: 8 pounds</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000 Cartridge (PAK):•Height: 6.75 inches• Width: 10 inches• Depth: 8 inchesWeight: 8.1 pounds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Reportable Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100 to 180 mmol/L</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100 to 180 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K*</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.2 to 19.0 mmol/L</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.0 to 19.0 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">40 to 158 mmol/L</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">40 to 158 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca+</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.10 to 4.25 mmol/L</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.11 to 4.25 mmol/L</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">NO:The following table compares iQM on the GEM Premier 4000 to iQM2 on the GEM Premier 5000.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iQM (Intelligent Quality Management)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iQM2 (Intelligent Quality Management 2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K133407</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K160225</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality ControlPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active quality process control programusing five levels of external CalibrationValuation Product (CVP), four internalProcess Control Solutions (PCSs) andPattern Recognition (PR) software, all ofwhich are designed to provide immediateerror detection and automatic remedialaction, replacing the use of traditionalexternal quality controls.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active quality process control programusing a combination of internal AutoPAK Validation (APV) and one level ofexternal Calibration Valuation Product(CVP 5), five internal Process ControlSolutions (PCSs) Pattern Recognition(PR) software and IntraSpect sampleintegrity quality checks, all of which aredesigned to provide immediate errordetection and automatic remedialaction, replacing the use of traditionalexternal quality controls.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ErrorDetectionScheme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multi-level checks for detecting cartridgeerrors.System checksSensor/CO-Ox checksPattern Recognition (PR checks)Process Control Solution (PCS) Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same except addition of IntraSpect.IntraSpect provides continuous sampleintegrity quality checks that detectabnormal sensor response slope orabsorbance residual error during themeasurement process.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error Mitigation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic error handling:•Performing special rinse cycle afterdetecting micro-clots and verifying thecartridge function after clot removal.Permanently disabling failed sensor ifits functionality could not berecovered.Rejecting cartridge for process stabilityfailure.•  Alerting the user if interferences aredetected in a sample.Automatically documenting the failureand action taken.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same except addition of IntraSpect,which flags results if an abnormal sensorresponse slope or absorbance residualerror is detected.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Documentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic documentation:Process Control Solutions delta charts.Error reporting and corrective actionreport.GEM CVP report.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same; no change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Substantial Equivalency (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">The followig table compares internal Procss Control (PC) Solutions in the GEM Premier 40 PA (cartridge) to internal Process Control (PC) Solutions in the GEM Premier 5000 PAK (cartridge).</td></tr><tr><td>Item Trade Names</td><td>Predicate Device Process Control (PC) Solutions</td><td>New Device Process Control (PC) Solutions</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument</td><td>GEM Premier 4000 K133407</td><td>GEM Premier 5000 K160225</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) No.</td><td>PC Solution B is the primary Process Control Solution measured at a minimum of every half hour or after every sample. Furthermore, Solution B is monitored every 30 seconds while residing in the sensor card between measurements. Further, PC Solution B is used as a reference blank for CO-Oximetry. PC Solution A is measured at a minimum of every 4 hours. All sensor slope values are also measured and checked. Slope, which is an indicator of sensor sensitivity and drift, must be within allowable limits. PC Solution A also contains dyes that are used for checking functionality of the optical cell and the CO-Oximetry. PC Solution C is measured at a</td><td>PC Solution B - Same PC Solution A - Same PC Solution C - Same PC Solution D - is measured every 12 hours. PC Solution D provides additional measurement for all analytes including CO-Oximetry. Reference values for analytes in PC Solution D are assigned at time of manufacturing. The D sensor check starts after the successful completion of Auto PAK Validation (APV). New PC Solution E - is measured every 12 hours. PC Solution E provides additional measurement for all analytes including CO-Oximetry. Reference values for analytes in PC Solution E are assigned at time of manufacturing. The E sensor check starts after the successful completion of Auto PAK Validation (APV). NOTE: The GEM Premier 5000 PAKs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP 5 tBili</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Value Assigned</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000 and GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K112995</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K160225</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for UseDifferences inbold/italic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM CVP5 tBili is an externalCalibration Valuation Product used tocomplete the calibration process of theGEM Premier 4000 analyzer prior to usewith patient samples for total bilirubin(tBili) testing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM CVP 5 tBili is an external CalibrationValuation Product used to complete thecalibration process of the GEM Premier4000 and GEM Premier 5000 analyzersprior to use with patient samples for totalbilirubin (tBili) testing.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Formulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purified human hemoglobin, stabilizersand biocide in a physiologically bufferedsolution.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Names</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM System Evaluator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value Assigned</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 4000 and GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K093623</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K160225</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for UseDifferences inbold/italic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM System Evaluator is a three-levelassayed quality control material forevaluating performance characteristicsof pH,pCO2,pO2, Electrolytes,Metabolites, Total Bilirubin (tBili) andCO-Oximetry on the GEM Premier 4000analyzer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM System Evaluator is a three-levelassayed quality control material forevaluating performance characteristics ofpH, pCO2, pO2, Electrolytes, Metabolites,Total Bilirubin (tBili) and CO-Oximetry onthe GEM Premier 4000 and GEM Premier5000 analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous buffered bicarbonate solution.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until expiration• 15-25°C for 4 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Names</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Hematocrit Evaluator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value Assigned</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 4000 and GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K093623</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pending</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for UseDifferences inbold/italic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Hematocrit Evaluator is a three-level assayed quality control materialintended for evaluating performancecharacteristics of hematocrit on theGEM Premier 4000 analyzer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Hematocrit Evaluator is a three-level assayedquality control materialintended for evaluating performancecharacteristics of hematocrit on the GEMPremier 4000 and GEM Premier 5000analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous buffered bicarbonate solution.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-25°C until expiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

# Internal Precision Study – Aqueous Controls

In accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, an internal 20-day precision study was performed on the GEM Premier 5000, with GEM System Evaluator. Each of the control levels was run on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 analyzers for twenty (20) days, with two (2) runs per day and one (1) replicate measured per run per level $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 1 2 0 )$ . All results were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinAnalyzerSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinAnalyzer%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>GEMSystemEvaluator</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Cl(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ca+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Internal Precision Study – GEM PAK (Cartridge) Process Control Solutions D and E

In accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, an internal 20-day precision study was performed with the GEM PAK (cartridge) Process Control Solutions (PCS) D and E run on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 analyzers for twenty (20) days, with two (2) runs per day and one (1) replicate measured per run per level ( $\scriptstyle 1 = 1 2 0$ per analyte/per level). All results were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within AnalyzerSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Analyzer%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cl(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cat+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Internal Precision Study – Whole Blood

In accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, an internal precision study was performed using five (5) different concentrations of whole blood per analyte, each run on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 analyzers per sample mode for five (5) days, with one (1) run per day and eight (8) replicates measured per run per level $N { = } 1 2 0$ per analyte/per sample mode). All results were within specification.

Sample Modes and Volumes:

• Normal Mode $\begin{array} { l } { 1 5 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L } } \\ { 6 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { L } } \end{array}$ • Micro Mode

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ or Cl- on the GEM Premier 5000.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRun%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>MicroMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Internal Precision Study – Whole Blood (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRun%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Cl(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Ca++(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.074</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.084</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>MicroMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.057</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Reproducibility Study with Aqueous Controls – Point-of-Care (POC) Setting

In accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, a reproducibility study was performed at three (3) external clinical point-of-care (POC) sites. The studies were run by a total of nine (9) different operators on three (3) different GEM Premier 5000 instruments, using a single lot of GEM Premier 5000 PAKs (cartridges). Each site used the same lots of GEM System Evaluator (GSE), running each control level in triplicate, twice a day for 5 days, for a total of 30 replicates per level $\scriptstyle ( 1 = 9 0$ pooled). All results at all sites were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=17>Pooled Multi-Site POC Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Material/Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InsertRange</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SD/CVSpec</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119-129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136-146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149-161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1-2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2-5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0-8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Cl(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80-90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102-112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136-146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ca+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45-1.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06-1.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56-0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr></table>

# External Precision – Whole Blood

To evaluate whole blood precision on the GEM Premier 5000 system in the central laboratory and point-ofcare (POC) settings, whole blood patient samples were tested at 2 external central laboratories and 1 internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL), as well as at 3 external POC locations. For the central laboratory setting, the studies were performed by 3 operators on 3 GEM Premier 5000 instruments using a single lot of GEM Premier 5000 PAK (cartridge). For the POC setting, the studies were performed by 11 operators on 3 GEM Premier 5000 instruments, using a single lot of GEM Premier 5000 PAK (cartridge). At least two whole blood specimens were analyzed in triplicate daily for 5 days in both normal mode $( 1 5 0 \mu \mathsf { L } )$ for all 4 electrolytes, and micro capillary $( 6 5 ~ \mu \ L )$ mode for ${ \mathsf { N a } } ^ { + }$ and ${ \mathsf { C a } } ^ { + + }$ . At the internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL), contrived whole blood specimens were analyzed in addition to native specimens in order to cover the low and high medical decision levels of each analyte.

The precision results are summarized below:

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ or Cl- on the GEM Premier 5000.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinSample SDor CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>Na+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>MicroMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision – Whole Blood (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinSample SDor CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Cl-(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>Ca++(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>MicroMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# LoB, LoD and LoQ

In accordance with CLSI EP17-A2, LoB, LoD and LoQ were established for ${ \mathsf { N a } } ^ { + }$ , $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ , ${ \mathsf { C a } } ^ { + + }$ and Cl- , using three (3) lots of GEM Premier 5000 PAKs (cartridges).

Following are the combined data results for LoB, LoD and LoQ:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na* (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K* (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cr (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca**(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

In accordance with CLSI EP06-A, nine (9) or ten (10) levels per analyte were prepared by spiking or diluting whole blood to challenge the claimed reportable range for each parameter. Each blood level was analyzed in triplicate on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 test analyzers and results compared to reference analyzers.

Combined data from limit of quantitation (LOQ) and linearity were used to support the lower limits of the claimed reportable ranges.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N perLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.972</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85 to 214</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 to 180</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.072</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 to 21.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 19.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.964</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.805</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 to 189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 to 158</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10 to 5.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11 to 4.25</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Analytical Specificity

In accordance with EP07-A2, an interference study was conducted on the GEM Premier 5000.

The table below lists substances that were screen tested with no observed interference on electrolyte results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested analytes with no observed interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ammonium (Chloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Calcium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium (Chloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Calcium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Sodium) Bromide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium, Calcium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium (Chloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Sodium) Citrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium, Calcium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Sodium) Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium, Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000 U/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2425 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Sodium) lodide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium, Calcium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ipratropium Bromide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium (Chloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Calcium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnesium (Chloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Sodium) Oxalate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium, Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Sodium) Perchlorate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium, Chloride, Calcium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH (with HCI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Calcium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Sodium) Salicylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.34 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium, Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium (Chloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium, Calcium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Sodium) Thiocyanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6880 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium, Calcium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiopental</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Sodium) Thiosulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium, Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides (Intralipids)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% or 4012 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Calcium, Chloride</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity (Cont.)

The table below lists substances that demonstrated interference with electrolyte results and the concentration of the interfering substance, as well as the bias observed and its direction (positive / negative):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AffectedAnalyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyteConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BiasObserved(Mean)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowestInterferingConcentrationwith AnalyteImpact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias Observedat the LowestConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bromide(Sodium)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.375 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+31%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.346 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.375 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.880 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Citrate(Sodium)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.000 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- 7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.083 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.000 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.344 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>lodide(Sodium)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.750 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.700 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.500 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.810 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>lonizedMagnesium(Chloride)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Calcium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.938 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+13%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.128 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.875 mmo/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.862 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thiocyanate(Sodium)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1720 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+31%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>388.3 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1720 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+27%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>407.5 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Triglycerides(Intralipids)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1003 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+14%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>522 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1003 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>662 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+7%</td></tr></table>

# Internal Method Comparison

In accordance with EP09-A3, an internal method comparison study was conducted using clinical samples to compare the performance of the GEM Premier 5000 versus the GEM Premier 4000:

Samples were altered as needed to cover the medical decision levels. All parameter levels passed specification.

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ or Cl- on the GEM Premier 5000.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medical DecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias at MedicalDecision Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.021</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>-2.577</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.034</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>-0.066</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cl(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.500</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ca+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.031</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>-0.033</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.021</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr></table>

# Whole Blood Performance at Medical Decision Levels

The data from the internal method comparison and precision studies were combined to assess the performance at medical decision levels.

Total Error was computed based on the following equation and the results were compared to the GEM Premier 5000 Total Error Specifications:

Note: Previously shown bias and precision data were used in Total Error computations below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MedicalDecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absolute Value ofBias at MedicalDecision Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*(SD or %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Error ObservedBias + 2*(SD or %CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cl(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ca+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr></table>

# Reference Ranges

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136 to 145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136 to 145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 to 5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 to 5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15 to 1.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.30 to 2.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.60 to 5.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16 to 1.32 (venous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.64 to 5.28 (venous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98 to 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98 to 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anion Gap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 to 20 (Na + K)  (C + HCO3)10 to 20 (a + K  (C + HCO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/Lmmol/L</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Clinical Testing

In accordance with EP09-A3, a method comparison study was conducted on the GEM Premier 5000 compared to the predicate device, the GEM Premier 4000, in the point-of-care (POC) setting using heparinized whole blood patient samples from the intended use population.

Study Design:

• Three (3) external point-of-care (POC) sites. One (1) internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) at IL, where three (3) intended POC users were brought on site to run the samples, allowing spiking to cover the reportable ranges.

The pooled results from the POC sites and the IL internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) for the Normal Mode (with samples collected in syringes) are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data - Normal Mode (with Syringe Samples)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na* (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>486</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103 to 180</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K* (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>491</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 15.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>485</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 to 157</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca* (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>491</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14 to 4.21</td></tr></table>

To support capillary claims, finger-stick samples were collected at an external POC site $N = 6 5$ native samples) and the IL internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) $N { = } 1 0 6$ native samples) with POC operators. The observed total error at the medical decision levels is shown below:

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ or Cl- on the GEM Premier 5000.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data with Native Capillary Samples Only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RangeMin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RangeMax</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias atMDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI of Bias at MDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>171</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7.2 to -0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 to 0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 to 5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ca+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>171</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.234 to 0.040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.071 to 0.040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2% to 12.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 10%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Clinical Testing (Cont.)

In addition, the data from the native capillary samples (finger-stick samples) previously presented were pooled with contrived capillary samples prepared internally. The regression analysis is shown below:

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ or Cl- on the GEM Premier 5000.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data with Additional Contrived Capillary Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na* (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.981</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103 to 180</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca* (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14 to 4.25</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>The technological and functional characteristics of the new GEM Premier 5000 as described above are substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device (GEM Premier 4000) for sodium, potassium, chloride and ionized calcium. The analytical and clinical study results demonstrate that the GEM Premier 5000 is safe and effective for its intended purpose and equivalent in performance to the predicate device.</td></tr></table>