APEX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP.   
HSUE-MEI LEE   
MANAGER OF QUALITY ASSURANCE DEPARTMENT NO. 7, LI-HSIN ROAD V, HSINCHU SCIENCE PARK HSINCHU 30078, TAIWAN

Re: K161299 Trade/Device Name: BGM014 Blood Glucose Monitoring System, BGM014 Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, LFR, JJX Dated: November 30, 2016 Received: December 5, 2016

Dear Hsue-Mei Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Hsue-Mei Lee

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. for: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apex Biotechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact Person:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hsue-mei LeeManager of Quality Assurance DepartmentApex Biotechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)email: hsue-mei@apexbio.comPhone: 011-886-3-5641952FAX: 011-886-3-5678302</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Prepared:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dec 19, 2016</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BGM014 Blood Glucose Monitoring SystemBGM014 Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose test system, 21 CFR 862.1345, Class IISingle (specified) analyte controls (assayed and unassayed), Class I, 21CFR 862.1660</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Codes:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NBW, LFR, JJX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutoSure HT Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k131750)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Description:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BGM014 blood glucose meter and BGM014 test strips are used forself-testing of blood glucose. The BGM014 Pro blood glucose meter andBGM014 Pro test strips are used for professional testing of bloodglucose.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Summary (Continued)</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use: Strip.</td><td>BGM014 System: The BGM014 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm, or palm. Alternative site testing should be performed only during steady-state (when glucose is not changing rapidly). Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is intended for self-testing by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. It should only be used by a single patient and it should not be shared. It is not indicated for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use. The BGM014 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the BGM014 Blood Glucose Meter and BGM014 Blood Glucose Test Strip. The Contrex Plus 5 glucose control solution is used with the BGM014 Meter and BGM014 Test Strip, to verify that the meter and test strip are working together properly and that the test is performing correctly. BGM014 Pro System: The BGM014 Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for quantitatively measurement of glucose in venous whole blood, or capillary whole blood drawn from fingertips, palm, or forearm. Alternative site testing should be performed only during steady-state (when glucose is not changing rapidly). Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor effectiveness of diabetes control program. This system should only be used with single use, auto-disabling lancing devices. It is not indicated for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use. The BGM014 Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the BGM014 Pro Blood Glucose Meter and BGM014 Pro Blood Glucose Test The Contrex Plus 5 glucose control solution is used with the BGM014 Pro Meter and BGM014 Pro Test Strip, to verify that the meter and test strip are working together properly and that the test is performing correctly.</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary (Continued)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-ClinicalTesting:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing was conducted as follows: EMC and Electrical Safety, disinfectionperformance (robustness of meter to multiple cleanings and disinfections),software verification and validation, linearity testing with validation of Lo/Hidetection, temperature and humidity testing, sample volume verification,precision testing, interferences testing, altitude testing, qualification ofcontrol solutions, hematocrit performance testing, Results demonstratesubstantial equivalence to the predicate system.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An accuracy study was conducted with home users and professional usersusing finger, palm and forearm capillary whole blood. Venous blood testingwas also done by the professional users. Results demonstrate substantialequivalence to the predicate system.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conclusion:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical and non-clinical testing demonstrated that the BGM014 andBGM014 Pro systems perform in a substantially equivalent manner to that ofthe predicate. We conclude that the BGM014 and BGM014 Pro systems aresubstantially equivalent to the predicate system.</td></tr></table>