DiaSorin Inc.   
Sandra Zimniewicz   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist 1951 Northwestern Avenue P.O. Box 285   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285

Re: K161522 Trade/Device Name: LIAISON® EBV IgM Serum Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed). Regulatory Class: I Product Code: JJX Dated: May 31, 2016 Received: June 02, 2016

Dear Ms. Zimniewicz:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of June 30, 2016.

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# forStephen J. Lovell -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and   
Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

uroltoationtatveur pscl tm reviw strucions, searh existng data sourcs, gather and maintain he dat needed and cple a review he collection ofinformation. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 7.0 510(k) SUMMARY

# SUBMITTED BY:

Sandra Zimniewicz   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
DiaSorin Inc.   
1951 Northwestern Avenue   
P.O. Box 285   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285   
Email: sandra.zimniewicz@diasorin.com

# DATE PREPARED:

May 31, 2016

# NAME OF DEVICE:

Trade Name:

LIAISON® EBV IgM Serum Control Set

Common Names/Description:

EBV IgM Controls

Classification:

Quality Control Material: 21 CFR 862.1660; Class I, reserved; Microbiology (83)

Product Code:

JJX

PREDICATE DEVICE:

LIAISON® Control EBV IgM (K040120)

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

The LIAISON® EBV IgM Serum Control Set (negative and positive) consists of liquid ready-to-use controls in human serum. The negative control is intended to provide an assay response characteristic of negative patient specimens and the positive control is intended to provide an assay response characteristic of positive patient specimens.

The controls are designed for use with DiaSorin LIAISON® EBV IgM assay on the LIAISON® analyzer family.

# INTENDED USE:

The LIAISON® EBV IgM Serum Control Set (negative and positive) is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the LIAISON® EBV IgM assay on the LIAISON® Analyzer family.

COMPARISON TO THE PREDICATE (Description of the Modifications to the Legally Marketed Device):

Changes to the DiaSorin LIAISON® EBV IgM Serum Control Set include a $100 \%$ serum/defibrinated plasma based matrix and the extension of the open use stability claim.

The following tables provide a summary of the similarities and differences between the FDA cleared LIAISON® Control EBV IgM and the modified device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Summary of Similarities and Differences LIAISON EBV IgM Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceLIAISON® Control EBV IgMK040290, cleared 06/01/2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceLIAISON® EBV IgM Serum ControlSet</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LIAISON® EBV IgM controls(negative and positive) are used formonitoring substantial reagent failure ofthe LIAISON® EBV IgM chemiluminescentimmunoassay (CLIA). The LIAISON® EBVIgM quality control material contains onlya 5% serum matrix and may notadequately control the DiaSorin LIAISON®EBV IgM assay for serum specimens.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LIAISON® EBV IgM SerumControls (negative and positive) isintended for use as assayed qualitycontrol samples to monitor theperformance of the LIAISON® EBV IgMassay on the LIAISON® Analyzerfamily.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% Human Serum/plasma not reactive forVCA IgM antibodies, diluted in PBSbuffer, BSA, with ProClin® 300 as apreservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum/plasma non-reactive forVCA IgM antibodies, 0.1% ProClin®300 and 0.09% sodium azide.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% Human Serum/plasma reactive forVCA IgM antibodies, diluted in PBSbuffer, BSA, with ProClin® 300 as apreservative and an inert yellow dye.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum/plasma reactive forVCA IgM antibodies, 0.1% ProClin300 and 0.09% sodium azide.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentConfiguration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 vials each level (negative and positive)0.9 mL/vial, ready to use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open Use Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened controls are stable for four(4) weeks when properly stored at 2-8°Cbetween uses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened controls are stable forsixteen (16) weeks when properlystored at 2-8°C between uses.</td></tr></table>

# SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE DATA:

Non-clinical verification and validation testing conducted with the LIAISON® EBV IgM Serum Control Set demonstrate that the modified device meets predetermined acceptance criteria, supporting equivalency of the modified device to the cleared device. Evidence is demonstrated through the following studies:

• Commutability between Samples and Controls (Matrix Effect)   
• Precision Equivalence between Samples and Controls   
• Control Value Assignment Control Range Definition

Real Time Stability testing conducted on the LIAISON® EBV IgM Serum Control Set to support the following product claims:

Shelf-life of 12 months at $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ Sixteen(16) weeks On-Board/Open Use Stability

Based on the findings from the validation and verification activities, the modifications to the LIAISON® EBV IgM Serum Control Set do not introduce any new risks to the performance of the device and do not alter safety and effectiveness.

# CONCLUSION:

Modifications to the device do not constitute new intended/indications for use, or changes to the fundamental scientific technology. Performance testing of the device demonstrates that the device functions as intended, meeting the requirements of design specifications. The device is as safe and effective as the predicate and does not raise new questions of safety and efficacy.

The material submitted in this Special 510(k) is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision. The labeling satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR 809.10.