IMMUNODIAGNOSTIC SYSTEMS LTD. MICK HENDERSON, REGULATORY AFFAIRS OFFICER 10 DIDCOT WAY, BOLDEN BUSINESS PARK BOLDON, TYNE & WEAR, NE35 9PD UNITED KINGDOM

Re: K161082 Trade/Device Name: IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone Control Set, IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone Calibration Verifiers Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: April 15, 2016 Received: April 18, 2016

Dear Mick Henderson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For:

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

T IS-Y OH o S   e lol h SOH Progesterone on the IDS-iSYS Multi-Discipline Automated System.

Rx Only.

IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone Calibration Verifiers

The IHrroneltioervosvitenical u atl when performed on the IDS-iSYS Multi Discipline Automated System.

Rx Only.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turen    olectinoation tat averours ponsec eviwstcneahexitg da sur gather n ai  a eee ncp and reviw the colection inforation Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother at of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21CFR807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter

Immunodiagnostic Systems Ltd   
10 Didcot Way   
Boldon Business Park   
Boldon   
Tyne and Wear   
NE35 9PD   
United Kingdom

# Contact Person:

Mick Henderson   
Phone: $+ 4 4$ 191 5190660   
Fax: $+ 4 4$ 191 5190760   
Email: mick.henderson@idsplc.com

Secondary Contact: Samantha Rann Phone: $+ 4 4$ 191 5190660 Fax: $+ 4 4$ 191 5190760 Email: samantha.rann@idsplc.com

Date Prepared: $1 2 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ May 2016

Device Name: Proprietary names: IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone Control Set Model No. IS-5130 IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone Calibration Verifiers Model No. IS-5135

Common names: As above

Classification: 21CFR862.1660 (Class I, Reserved)

Product Code: JJX

Device Descriptions: The IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone Control Set consists of Two sets of three vials, $1 . 0 \mathrm { m L }$ each in liquid form. Human serum containing 17-OH Progesterone and sodium azide as a preservative $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ , with three concentration levels.

The IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone Calibration Verifiers consists of

Four calibration verifier levels in liquid form (two $1 . 0 \mathrm { m L }$ vials for level 0 and one $1 . 0 \mathrm { m L }$ vial for levels 1, 2 & 3). Human serum containing 17-OH Progesterone and sodium azide as a preservative $\left( < 0 . 1 \% \right)$ , with three concentration levels.

# Predicate Devices:

# IDS-iSYS CTX-I (CrossLaps®) Control Set IDS-iSYS CTX-I (CrossLaps®) Calibration Verifiers

Predicates 510(k): k111650

# Special Conditions for Use:

For in vitro diagnostic use. Rx Only

# Special instrument Requirements:

IDS-iSYS Multi-Discipline Automated System (k091849)

# Intended Use:

The IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone Control Set is for in vitro diagnostic use, for the quality control of the IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone on the IDS-iSYS Multi-Discipline Automated System.

RX Only

The IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone Calibration Verifiers are an in vitro diagnostic device intended for medical purposes in the quantitative verification of assay calibration and measuring range of the IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone assay, when performed on the IDS-iSYS Multi Discipline Automated System.

Rx Only.

Similarities and differences compared to the chosen predicate device:- IDS-iSYS CTX-I (CrossLaps®) Control Set (k111650)

Page 2 of 6   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: IDS-iSYS CTX-I (CrossLaps®Control Set (k111650)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device: IDS-iSYS17-OH Progesterone ControlSet</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Used for quality control of</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Used for quality control of the</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>the IDS-iSYS CTX-I (CrossLaps®) Assay.</td><td>IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone Assay.</td></tr><tr><td>Analyte Concentrations</td><td>CTX-I Low control: 0.2ng/mL. Medium Control: 0.8ng/mL.</td><td>17-OH Progesterone Low control: 2.0ng/mL. Medium Control: 5.0ng/mL.</td></tr><tr><td>Analyzer System</td><td>High Control: 2ng/mL. IDS-iSYS Multi-Discipline</td><td>High Control: 10.0ng/mL. Same</td></tr><tr><td>Stability and storage</td><td>Automated System 2-8°C  unopened until expiration date</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td>After opening: stable for 28 days at 4°C</td><td>After opening: stable for 49 days at 2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td>On board stability: 3 hours</td><td>On board stability: 4 hours</td></tr><tr><td>Matrix</td><td>Liquid, phosphate bovine serum albumin</td><td>Human serum</td></tr></table>

# 17OH-Progesterone Calibration Verifiers

Similarities and differences compared to the chosen predicate device:-

IDS-iSYS CTX-I (CrossLaps®) Calibration Verifiers (k111650)

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: IDS-iSYS CTX-I (CrossLaps®)Calibration Verifiers(k111650)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device: IDS-iSYS17-OH ProgesteroneCalibration Verifiers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Used for the quantitativeverification of calibration ofthe IDS-iSYS CTX-I(CrossLaps®) assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Used for the quantitativeverification of calibration ofthe IDS-iSYS 17-OHProgesterone assay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels 0, 1, 2 &amp; 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, phosphate bovineserum albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stability and Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C  unopened untilexpiration dateOn board stability: SingleUse  use then discard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSame</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyteConcentrations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-I0.0ng/mL, 0.6ng/mL,3.0ng/mL and 5.0ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17-OHProgesteroneCal Ver O: UndetectableCal Ver 1: 2.0ng/mLCal Ver 2: 8.0 ng/mLCal Ver 3: 17.0ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IDS-iSYS Multi-DisciplineAutomated System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

# IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone Control Set

Value Assignment

Each control level is tested on three IDS-iSYS Multi Discipline Automated Systems with a minimum of 21runs using cartridge batches available tested in triplicate.

Control solutions are prepared gravimetrically from an intermediate stock solution and concentrations are confirmed by immunologic analysis using IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone assay on IDS-iSYS Multi Discipline Automated System. In the value assignment process, controls were calibrated using a master calibrator to generate a master curve. The assigned target value of each control level is defined as the mean of all the runs for the IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone assay and analyzer. The following are the expected values for each level of control: $2 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , $5 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and 10.0 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

# Stability

Closed vial:

For the real time closed vial testing, three lots of controls were stored at $4 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$

Each control material will be tested in pentaplicate in 2 month intervals for up to a minimum of 15 months. Each control vial tested will be compared back to reference control material stored at $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Controls must be within acceptance criteria defined as below:

- mean concentration must be within QC ranges (as stated in the Certificate of Analysis)   
- precision: $C V \leq 1 0 \%$ for low concentration - $\leq 8 \%$ for middle and high concentration

To date, accelerated stability studies performed according to the CLSI guideline EP25-A (Evaluation of stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents) support a stability claim of 9 months when stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Real time stability studies in accordance with the CLSI guideline EP25-A (Evaluation of stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents) to support the above claims are ongoing.

# Open Vial:

Open vial (in-use) stability of controls were performed at $4 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ and tested against unopened vials of control material stored at $4 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ . Controls were tested in duplicate at the time points stated in the stability protocol. Percent recoveries of each material

were within the acceptance criteria of $10 \%$ of the reference material concentration.   
Data supports the open vial stability claim of 49 days when stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# On-Board:

On-board stability studies were performed using three batches of controls using three IDS-iSYS instruments. Controls were tested at time 0, 2 hours, 4 hours, 6 hours and 8 hours and compared to a reference material run at time 0. The on board stability data supports the claimed on-board stability of 4 hours.

# IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone Calibration Verifiers

# Value Assignment

Each calibration verifier level is tested on three IDS-iSYS Multi Discipline Automated Systems with a minimum of five runs for each cartridge batch tested in triplicate. Calibration Verifiers solutions are prepared gravimetrically from an intermediate stock solution and concentrations are confirmed by immunologic analysis using IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone assay on IDS-iSYS Multi Discipline Automated System. In the value assignment process, calibration verifiers were calibrated using a master calibrator to generate a master curve. The assigned target value of each calibration verifier level is defined as the mean of all the runs for the IDS-iSYS 17-OH Progesterone assay and analyzer. The following are the expected values for each level of calibration verifier: $2 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , $8 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , and $1 7 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$

# Stability

For the real time closed vial testing, three lots of calibration verifiers will be stored at $4 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ . Each calibration verifier will be tested in pentaplicate in 2 month intervals for up to a minimum of 15 months.

Calibration verifiers must be within acceptance criteria defined as below: - mean concentration must be within QC ranges (as stated in the Certificate of Analysis) - precision: $C V \leq 1 0 \%$ for low concentration - $\leq 8 \%$ for middle and high concentration

To date, accelerated stability studies performed according to the CLSI guideline EP25-A (Evaluation of stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents) support a stability claim of 9 months when stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Real time stability studies in accordance with the CLSI guideline EP25-A (Evaluation of stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents) to support the above claims are ongoing.

# On-Board:

On-board stability studies were performed using three batches of calibration verifiers using three IDS-iSYS instruments. Calibration verifiers were tested at time 0, 2 hours,

4 hours, 6 hours and 8 hours and compared to a reference material run at time 0. The on board stability data supports the claimed on-board stability of 4 hours.

# Proposed Labeling

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.