Re: K161158 Trade/Device Name: IDS-iSYS Intact PTHN Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1545 Regulation Name: Parathyroid hormone test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CEW Dated: January 9, 2017 Received: January 11, 2017

Dear Mick Henderson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name IDS-iSYS Intact PTHN

Indications for Use (Describe)

IDS-iSYS Intact PTHN

The IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ assay is an in vitro diagnostic device intended for the quantitative determination of intact PTH in human serum or plasma on the IDS-iSYS MultiDiscipline Automated System. Results are to be used in the differential diagnosis of hypercalcemia and hypocalcemia resulting from disorders of calcium metabolism.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services   
Food and Drug Administration   
Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork   
Reduction Act (PRA) Staff   
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

1. 510(k) Number:

k161158

2. Submitter:

Immunodiagnostic Systems Ltd   
10 Didcot Way   
Boldon Business Park   
Boldon   
Tyne and Wear   
NE35 9PD   
United Kingdom

3. Contact Person:

Mick Henderson Phone: +44(0)191 5190660 Fax: $+ 4 4 ( 0 )$ 191 5190760 Email: mick.henderson@idsplc.com

4. Secondary Contact:

Heather Pham Phone: $+ 1$ (480)-414-7175 Fax: $+ 4 4 ( 0 )$ 191 5190760 Email: heather.pham@idsplc.com

5. Date Prepared:

09 January 2017

6. Proprietary and Established Name: IDS-iSYS Intact PTHN

7. Regulatory Information: Classification: 21CFR 862.1545 Device Class Class II Product Code: CEW Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75)

# 8. Device Descriptions:

The IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ assay is based on chemiluminescence technology. $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ of patient sample is incubated with a biotinylated polyclonal anti-PTH (39-84) antibody and an acridinium labelled PTH (13-34) antibody. Streptavidin labelled magnetic particles are added prior to a second incubation step. The magnetic particles are captured using a magnet and a wash step performed to remove any unbound analyte. Trigger reagents are added; the resulting light emitted by the acridinium label is directly proportional to the concentration of Intact PTH in the original sample.

IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ reagent kit consists of one (1) Immunoassay Cartridge, two (2) vials each of 2 concentration Calibrator levels and a mini-CD containing the Instructions For Use (IFU), CRY files and Certificate of Analysis.

IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ Cartridge, sufficient for 100 tests, consists of reagents provided in individual compartment within a plastic container called the Cartridge. The IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ Cartridge contains the following ready to use reagents:

 Magnetic particles coated with streptavidin in a phosphate buffer containing sodium azide as preservative $\left( < 0 . 1 \% \right)$ , 1 bottle.   
 Goat polyclonal antibody against 13-34 PTH labelled with an acridinium ester derivative, in buffer containing goat serum with sodium azide as preservative $\left( < 0 . 1 \% \right)$ , 1 bottle.   
 Goat polyclonal antibody against 39-84 PTH labelled with biotin, in buffer containing bovine and goat proteins with sodium azide as preservative $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ , 1 bottle.

IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ Calibrators are included in the reagent kit.

 Calibrator A: Two vials of lyophilized porcine serum matrix buffer containing low level PTH and sodium azide as preservative ${ > } 1 \%$ $( \mathrm { w } / \mathrm { w } \% )$ .  Calibrator B: Two vials of lyophilized porcine serum matrix buffer containing high level PTH and sodium azide as preservative ${ > } 1 \%$ $( \mathrm { w } / \mathrm { w } \% )$ .

The submission is due to a new source of antibody for the assay.

9. Predicate Devices:

IDS-iSYS Intact PTH, K103325

10. Special Conditions for Use: For in vitro diagnostic use. Rx Only

11. Special instrument Requirements: IDS-iSYS Multi-Discipline Automated System (K091849)

# 12. Intended Use:

The IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ assay is an in vitro diagnostic device intended for the quantitative determination of intact PTH in human serum or plasma on the IDS-iSYS Multi-Discipline Automated System. Results are to be used in the differential diagnosis of hypercalcemia and hypocalcemia resulting from disorders of calcium metabolism.

# 13. Substantial Equivalence Information

A comparison of the similarities and differences between the modified IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ assay and the original IDS-iSYS Intact PTH assay (K103325) are provided in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIDS-iSYS Intact PTH(K103325)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIDS-iSYS Intact PTHN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>intended for the quantitativedetermination of PTH in humanserum or plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intact PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescenceimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Goat polyclonalanti- PTH (13-34)anti-PTH (39-84)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma (K2-EDTA,lithium heparin) andserum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samplehandling/processing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AutomatedIDS-iSYS Multi-DisciplineAutomated System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levelsIncluded with kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 point calibration curve stablefor 21 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 point calibration curve stablefor 15 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-board or at 2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 to 5000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 to 3500 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5 to 78.4 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3 to 80.5 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

Page 5 of 10   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIDS-iSYS Intact PTH(K103325)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIDS-iSYS Intact PTHN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substances- Bilirubin, conjugated- Bilirubin, unconjugated- Biotin- Cholesterol- HAMA- Hemoglobin- Rheumatoid Factor- Total Protein- Triglycerides- Acetaminophen- Carbamazepine-Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A20 mg/dL300 nmol/LN/A1000 ng/mL250 mg/dL1500 IU/mLN/A3000 mg/dLN/AN/AN/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 mg/dL40 mg/dLSame395 mg/dLSame500 mg/dL1836 IU/mL10 g/dLSame200 μg/mL200 μg/mL500 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity- PTH (1-84)- PTH (7-84)- PTH (1-34)- PTH (39-84)- PTH (53-84)- PTH (39-68)- PTH (44-68)- Human Calcitonin- CTX-1 (β CrossLaps)- Osteocalcin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%60%0.5%Not detectable2%N/A2%4%2%2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same83.9%&lt;0.01%&lt;0.01%&lt;0.01%&lt;0.01%&lt;0.01%&lt;0.01%&lt;0.01%&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hook Effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not observed up to95,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not observed up to100,000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity- Limit of Blank (LoB)- Limit of Detection (LoD)- Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 pg/mL2.5 pg/mL4.5 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9 pg/mL2.3 pg/mL4.5 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision- Within-run- Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>in the range of 13.3 to3807 pg/mL, n =801.1% to 6.3%4.1% to 8.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>in the range of 15.4 to2229 pg/mL, n =801.5% to 9.9%1.8% to 9.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.002 x - 4.748;$R {2} = 1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K2 EDTA:y = 0.96 x - 0.1; R2= 1.00Serum:y = 1.02x - 0.2; R2 = 1.00</td></tr></table>

# 14. Performance Characteristics

# Method Comparison:

The IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ Assay was compared against a commercially available quantitative chemiluminescence Intact PTH assay, following CLSI EP-9A2, “Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples”. A total of 312 serum samples (291 native, 21 spiked), selected to represent a wide range of Intact PTH concentrations $[ 6 . 3 - 3 3 7 8 . 4 \mathrm { p g / m L } ]$ , was assayed by each method. Deming regression analysis was performed on the comparative data:

<table><tr><td>n</td><td>Slope</td><td>95% CI</td><td>Intercept (pg/mL)</td><td>95% Cl</td><td>Correlation coefficient (r)</td></tr><tr><td>312</td><td>1.02</td><td>0.99 to 1.04</td><td>-0.7</td><td>-5.4 to 4.1</td><td>1.00</td></tr></table>

# Sample Matrix:

The matrix comparison study was performed to evaluate the difference across tube types [serum without additive (red top), serum in separator tubes (SST), and lithium heparin plasma] versus the control samples $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA plasma) following the CLSI EP9-A3 guideline. A total of 52 samples (45 native, 7 spiked) matched samples with Intact PTH concentrations ranging from of 10.6 to $2 7 5 9 . 0 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ were tested with the IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ assay. Passing-Bablok regression analysis was performed on the comparative data:

<table><tr><td>Sample Type</td><td>n</td><td>Slope</td><td>95% Cl.</td><td>Intercept (pg/mL)</td><td>95% Cl.</td><td>Corr. Coeff. (r)</td></tr><tr><td>Serum (Red Top)</td><td>52</td><td>0.94</td><td>0.92 to 0.97</td><td>2.55</td><td>0.86 to 3.16</td><td>1.00</td></tr><tr><td>Serum (SST)</td><td>52</td><td>0.93</td><td>0.91 to 0.96</td><td>2.38</td><td>1.25 to 3.15</td><td>1.00</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium Heparin</td><td>52</td><td>0.98</td><td>0.95 to 0.99</td><td>0.42</td><td>-0.43 to 1.63</td><td>1.00</td></tr></table>

The type of specimen used (serum, EDTA plasma, or Lithium Heparin plasma) may influence PTH measurement. During routine monitoring of PTH levels, use the same specimen type throughout the monitoring period to avoid bias in the results.

# Reference Interval:

The $9 5 \%$ reference interval for the following group was calculated by a nonparametric method following the CLSI C28-A3, “How to Define and Determine Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory”. The K2 EDTA plasma samples were collected from 129 individuals (67 males, 62 females; 21 to 89 years of age) with normal calcium, phosphate, and TSH values from the north, central and south regions of the United States.

<table><tr><td>No. of subjects</td><td>129</td></tr><tr><td>Mean (pg/mL)</td><td>35.4</td></tr><tr><td>SD (pg/mL)</td><td>16.6</td></tr><tr><td>Median (pg/mL)</td><td>32.7</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Interval (pg/mL)</td><td>10.3 to 80.5</td></tr></table>

The above ranges should be considered as guidelines only; it is recommended that each laboratory establish its own expected range based upon its own patient population.

# Sensitivity

The limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD) and limit of quantitation (LoQ) were determined with guidance from CLSI EP17-A, “Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation” using 60 blanks and 10 low level serum samples. The following limits were determined with the IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ Assay:

<table><tr><td>Sensitivity</td><td>Concentration (pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Limit of Blank (LoB)</td><td>0.9</td></tr><tr><td>Limit of Detection (LoD)</td><td>2.3</td></tr><tr><td>Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)</td><td>4.5</td></tr></table>

# Precision:

Precision testing was evaluated in accordance with a modified protocol based on CLSI EP-5A2, “Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods”. Seven (7) samples were assayed using one lot of reagent in duplicate twice per day for 20 days on one System.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample</td><td rowspan="2">n</td><td rowspan="2">Mean (pg/mL)</td><td colspan="2">Within run</td><td colspan="2">Total</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>CV%</td><td>SD</td><td>CV%</td></tr><tr><td>Serum Sample 1</td><td>80</td><td>15.4</td><td>0.5</td><td>6.1</td><td>1.0</td><td>6.7</td></tr><tr><td>EDTA Plasma Sample 1</td><td>80</td><td>17.9</td><td>1.8</td><td>9.9</td><td>1.8</td><td>9.9</td></tr><tr><td>EDTA Plasma Sample 2</td><td>80</td><td>73.7</td><td>1.3</td><td>1.7</td><td>2.3</td><td>3.2</td></tr><tr><td>EDTA Plasma Sample 3</td><td>80</td><td>337.9</td><td>5.1</td><td>1.5</td><td>6.2</td><td>1.8</td></tr><tr><td>EDTA Plasma Sample 4</td><td>80</td><td>765.1</td><td>13.7</td><td>1.8</td><td>16.4</td><td>2.1</td></tr><tr><td>EDTA Plasma Sample 5</td><td>80</td><td>1376.6</td><td>20.4</td><td>1.5</td><td>40.7</td><td>3.0</td></tr><tr><td>EDTA Plasma Sample 6</td><td>80</td><td>2229.1</td><td>35.2</td><td>1.6</td><td>58.6</td><td>2.6</td></tr></table>

# Linearity:

Linearity was evaluated based on CLSI EP-6A, “Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach”. Samples were prepared by diluting a high patient sample with a low patient sample prior to assay. High intact PTH human $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA plasma and serum samples were diluted with low samples prior to assay. Each sample was measured in 4 replicates.

The $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA plasma samples with Intact PTH concentration levels above $8 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ show a maximum $- 8 . 8 \%$ deviation from linearity; samples below $8 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ show a maximum deviation of - $\mathbf { \nabla } \cdot 6 . 1 \mathbf { \nabla } \mathrm { p g / m L }$ . The weighted linear regression of the Observed versus the Expected concentrations is:

$\mathrm { O b s e r v e d } = 0 . 9 6 \times ( \mathrm { E x p e c t e d } ) - 0 . 1 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ Regression coefficient $\mathrm { R } ^ { 2 }$ : 1.00

The serum samples with intact PTH concentration levels above $8 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ show a maximum deviation from linearity of $5 . 1 \%$ . The samples below $8 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ show a maximum deviation of $0 . 6 \ : \mathrm { p g / m L }$ . The weighted linear regression of the Observed versus the Expected concentrations is:

Observed $= 1 . 0 2 \mathrm { \Delta x }$ (Expected) – 0.2 pg/mL Regression coefficient $\mathrm { R } ^ { 2 }$ : 1 .00

# High Dose Hook Effect:

Testing was conducted to determine if the IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ assay is susceptible to artificially low results in the presence of very high levels of PTH (Hook Effect). Three samples (1 EDTA Plasma, 2 Serum) were spiked with 1-84 PTH to $5 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ , $2 5 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ , $5 0 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ , $7 5 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ and $1 0 0 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ . Each specimen was measured in four (4) replicates using 3 reagents lots.

No high dose hook effect was observed for Intact PTH concentrations measured up to $1 0 0 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ .

# Interferences:

Interference studies were performed in accordance with the CLSI EP7-A2, “Interference testing in clinical chemistry; approved guideline”. Two $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA samples at a low and high Intact PTH levels were spiked with following potential interfering substances: Triglycerides, Hemoglobin, Bilirubin (conjugated and unconjugated), Red blood cells, Biotin, Acetaminophen, Ibuprofen and Carbamazepine.

Two serum samples at different Intact PTH concentrations were used to determine the potential interference of Total Protein.

$\%$ Interference was calculated using the formula below:

$\%$ Interference $=$ (Mean conc. of spiked sample – mean conc. of un-spiked sample) $\mathbf { x l 0 0 \% }$ Mean concentration of un-spiked sample

For Cholesterol (Total), Rheumatoid factor (Rf) and HAMA (human anti mouse antibodies), the interference was tested by recovery of Intact PTH from a high serum pool spiked into a serum sample with known interferent substance levels. $\%$ Recovery was calculated using the formula below:

Recovery value $=$ Mean concentration of spiked – Mean concentration of un-spiked $\%$ Recovery $=$ (Recovery value / Expected recovery value) $\textbf { x } 1 0 0$

Following potential interference compounds were tested and found not to interfere significantly with the IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ assay, based on the criteria of nonsignificant interference of $\leq \pm 1 0 \%$ bias between the test (spiked) and control (un-spiked) samples:

<table><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Agent</td><td>Highest concentration tested that demonstrated no significant interference</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin, conjugated</td><td>22 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin, unconjugated</td><td>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Biotin</td><td>300 nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td>Cholesterol, total</td><td>395 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Haemoglobin</td><td>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Human Anti Mouse Antibody (HAMA)</td><td>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td>1836 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Total Protein</td><td>10 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Triglyceride</td><td>3000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Acetaminophen</td><td>200 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Carbamazepine</td><td>200 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Ibuprofen</td><td>500 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Cross Reactivity:

The potential cross-reacting substances studies were performed on the IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ assay, based on CLSI EP-7A2. A serum sample and a zero calibrator matrix was spiked with the following substance human PTH fragments and structurally similar proteins at the concentration listed below. The cross reactivity was then determined using the following equation:

$\%$ cross reactivity $=$ (Mean conc. spiked sample – mean conc.un-spiked sample) $\mathbf { x l 0 0 \% }$ Spike concentration

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Concentration tested (pg/mL)</td><td>Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td>PTH (1-84)</td><td>2,000</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td>PTH (7-84)</td><td>2,000</td><td>83.6%</td></tr><tr><td>PTH (1-34)</td><td>100,000</td><td>&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td>PTH (39-84)</td><td>100,000</td><td>&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td>PTH (53-84)</td><td>100,000</td><td>&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td>PTH (39-68)</td><td>100,000</td><td>&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td>PTH (44-68)</td><td>100,000</td><td>&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td>Human Calcitonin</td><td>100,000</td><td>&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td>CTX-1 (β CrossLaps)</td><td>100,000</td><td>&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td>Osteocalcin</td><td>100,000</td><td>&lt;0.01%</td></tr></table>

# 15. Conclusions

The IDS-iSYS Intact $\mathrm { P T H } ^ { \mathrm { N } }$ assay, after the modification in antibody source, is substantially equivalent in principle and performance to the originally submitted IDS-iSYS Intact PTH assay (K103325).