BECKMAN COULTER INC.   
GERALDINE FUENTESPINA   
MANAGER, REGULATORY AFFAIRS   
250 S. KRAEMER BLVD. MAILS STOP E1.SE.01 BREA, CA 92821

Re: K161837 Trade/Device Name: ISE Reagents, Glucose, and CRP Latex on the DxC 700 AU Clinical Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1665 Regulation Name: Sodium Test System Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JGS, CEM, CGZ, CFR, NQD, JJE Dated: December 2, 2016 Received: December 5, 2016

Dear Geraldine Fuentespina:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K161837

Device Name DxC 700 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer, CRP Latex, Glucose, ISE Reagents

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Beckman Coulter DxC 700 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer is an automated chemistry analyzer that measures analytes in samples, in combination with appropriate reagents, calibrators, quality control (QC) material and other accessories. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only. Applications include colorimetric, latex agglutination, and ion selective electrode.

The Glucose test system is for the quantitative measurement of glucose in human serum, plasma, urine and cerebrospinal fluid on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers. Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemnia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

System reagent for the quantitative determination of C-Reactive Protein in human serum and plasma on Beckman Coulter AU Analyzers. Measurement of CRP is useful for the detection and evaluation of infection, tissue injury, inflammatory disorders and associated diseases. Measurements may also be useful as an aid in the identification of individuals at risk for future cardiovascular disease. High sensitivity CRP (hsCRP) measurements, when used in conjunction with traditional clinical laboratory evaluation of acute coronary syndromes, may be useful as an independent marker of prognosis for recurrent events, in patients with stable coronary disease or acute coronary syndromes.

Reagents for the quantitative determination of Sodium, Potassium and Chloride concentrations in human serum, plasma and urine on the Beckman Coulter ISE modules.

The sodium test system is intended for the quantitative measurement sodium in serum, plasma, and urine. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism (excessive secretion of the hormone aldosterone), diabetes insipidus (chronic excretion of large amounts of dilute urine, accompanied by extreme thirst), adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease (caused by destruction of the adrenal glands), dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

The potassium test system is intended for the quantitative measurement of potassium in serum, plasma, and urine. Measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

The chloride test system is intended for the quantitative measurement of the level of chloride in plasma, serum, and urine. Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 1.0 Submitted By

Geraldine Fuentespina Manager, Regulatory Affairs Beckman Coulter, Inc. 250 S. Kraemer Blvd. Mail Stop: E1.SE.01 Brea, CA 92821 Telephone: (714) 961-3777 Fax: (714) 961-4234

# 2.0 Date of Preparation

14 December 2016

# 3.0 Device Name(s)

3.1 ISE Reagent

Proprietary Name: ISE Reagents   
Common Name: ISE Reagents   
Class: 2   
Classification Name/Regulation Number/Product Code: Sodium test system 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1665 [JGS] Potassium test system 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1600 [CEM] Chloride test system 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1170 [CGZ]

# 3.2 Glucose

Proprietary Name: Glucose Common Name: Glucose Class: 2 Classification Name: Glucose test system Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1345 Product Code: CFR

3.3 CRP Latex

Proprietary Name: CRP Latex   
Common Name: CRP Latex   
Class: 2   
Classification Name: C-reactive protein immunological test system   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 5 2 7 0$   
Product Code: NQD

# 3.4 DxC 700 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer

Proprietary Name: DxC 700 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer   
Common Name: DxC 700 AU   
Class: 1   
Classification Name: Discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 2 1 6 0$   
Product Code: JJE

# 4.0 Predicate Devices

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Reagents : Sodium andChloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Reagents : Potassium,Sodium and Chloride(K003721)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter,Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Reagents : Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Reagents : Potassium(K112412)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter,Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose(K112412)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter,Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRP Latex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OLYMPUS CRP LatexImmunoturbidimetric Reagent(K051564)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter,Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DxC 700 AU ClinicalChemistry Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU5800 Clinical ChemistryAnalyzer(K112412)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter,Inc.</td></tr></table>

# 5.0 Device Description

# 5.1 ISE Reagents

The ISE module for ${ \mathsf { N a } } ^ { + }$ , $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ , and Cl- employs crown ether membrane electrodes for sodium and potassium and a molecular oriented PVC membrane for chloride that are specific for each ion of interest in the sample. An electrical potential is developed according to the Nernst Equation for a specific ion. When compared to the Internal Reference Solution, this electrical potential is translated into voltage and then into the ion concentration of the sample.

Reactive Ingredients: ISE Buffer (Triethanolamine), Mid-Standard (Na, K, Cl), Reference (Potassium Chloride), High Serum Standard (Na, K, Cl), Low Serum Standard (Na, K, Cl), High/Low Urine Standard (Na, K, Cl), Internal Reference Solution (Potassium Chloride, Silver Chloride), and $\mathsf { N a } ^ { + } / \mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ Selectivity Check Solution (Na, K).

# 5.2 Glucose

In this Beckman Coulter procedure, glucose is phosphorylated by hexokinase (HK) in the presence of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) and magnesium ions to produce glucose-6-phosphate (G-6-P) and adenosine diphosphate (ADP). Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6P-DH) specifically oxidizes G-6-P to 6-phosphogluconate with the concurrent reduction of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide $( N A D + )$ to nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide, reduced (NADH).

For the AU400/AU640/AU600 the change in absorbance at 340/380 nm is proportional to the amount of glucose present in the sample. For the AU5800/AU5400/AU2700/AU680/AU480/DxC 700 AU the change in absorbance at 340/660 nm is proportional to the amount of glucose present in the sample.

Reactive Ingredients: PIPES- buffer (pH 7.6), NAD+, Hexokinase, ATP, $\mathsf { M } \mathsf { g } ^ { 2 + }$ , G6P-DH

# 5.3 CRP Latex

The CRP Latex reagent is an in vitro diagnostic device that consists of ready to use buffer and latex particles coated with rabbit anti-CRP antibodies. Depending on the application used (different instrument settings), two measuring ranges are available: Normal application (CRP Concentrations ranging between $1 . 0 { - } 4 8 0 \mathrm { m g / L } \mathrm { , }$ and Highly Sensitive (Cardiac/ Neonatal) Application- (CRP concentrations ranging between 0.2- 80mg/L).

Reactive Ingredients: Glycine buffer, Latex coated with anti-CRP Antibodies.

# 5.4 DxC 700 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer

The Beckman Coulter DxC 700 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer carries out automated analysis of serum, plasma, urine samples and other body fluids and automatically generates results. The device is an automated chemistry analyzer that measures analytes in samples, in combination with appropriate reagents, calibrators, quality control (QC) material and other accessories. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only. Applications include colorimetric, latex agglutination and ion selective electrode. Electrolyte measurement is performed using a single cell Ion Selective Electrode (ISE) which is also common among the other members of the AU family.

# 6.0 Indications for Use

# 6.1 ISE Reagents (Sodium, Potassium and Chloride)

Reagents for the quantitative determination of Sodium, Potassium and Chloride concentrations in human serum, plasma and urine on the Beckman Coulter ISE modules.

The sodium test system is intended for the quantitative measurement sodium in serum, plasma, and urine. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism (excessive secretion of the hormone aldosterone), diabetes insipidus (chronic excretion of large amounts of dilute urine, accompanied by extreme thirst), adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease (caused by destruction of the adrenal glands), dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

The potassium test system is intended for the quantitative measurement of potassium in serum, plasma, and urine. Measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

The chloride test system is intended for the quantitative measurement the level of chloride in plasma, serum, and urine. Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

# 6.2 Glucose

The Glucose test system is for the quantitative measurement of glucose in human serum, plasma, urine and cerebrospinal fluid on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers.

Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemnia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

# 6.3 CRP Latex

System reagent for the quantitative determination of C-Reactive Protein in human serum and plasma on Beckman Coulter AU Analyzers. Measurement of CRP is useful for the detection and evaluation of infection, tissue injury, inflammatory disorders and associated diseases. Measurements may also be useful as an aid in the identification of individuals at risk for future cardiovascular disease. High sensitivity CRP (hsCRP) measurements, when used in conjunction with traditional clinical laboratory evaluation of acute coronary syndromes, may be useful as an independent marker of prognosis for recurrent events, in patients with stable coronary disease or acute coronary syndromes.

# 6.4 DxC 700 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer

The Beckman Coulter DxC 700 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer is an automated chemistry analyzer that measures analytes in samples, in combination with appropriate reagents, calibrators, quality control (QC) material and other accessories. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only. Applications include colorimetric, latex agglutination, and ion selective electrode.

# 7.0 Comparison to the Predicate

The DxC 700 AU Clinical Chemistry System is a family member of the AU series of analyzers, including the AU5800 (K112412) to which the substantial equivalence comparison is claimed. The devices have same / similar design and modes of operation. The key features are summarized in the following tables:

7.1 ISE Reagents (Sodium & Chloride) Predicate Device Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:ISE Reagents - Sodium andChloride(K003721)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device:ISE Reagents - Sodium andChloride</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AUH1011, AUH1012, AUH1013,AUH1014, AUH1015, AUH1016,AUH1017, AUH1018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent for the quantitativedetermination of Sodium,Potassium and Chlorideconcentrations in human serumand urine on the BeckmanCoulter ISE modules.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentRequired</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU400/400®, AU600/640/640®,AU800,AU1000, AU5200 andAU2700 Beckman CoulterAnalyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU400/400/480,AU600/640/640®/680,AU2700/5400/AU5800 and DxC700 AU Beckman CoulterAnalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indirect ISE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent form andstorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, on-board storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma and urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AUH1014 Low Serum StandardAUH1015 High Serum StandardAUH1016 High/Low UrineStandard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrate daily.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AUH1011, AUH1012, andAUH1013 are stable for 90 dayswhen opened and stored in theISE reagent compartment of theanalyzer.After opening AUH1014,AUH1015, AUH1016, andAUH1018 may be stored at 2 -25°C for up to 90 days, providedthe cap is replaced immediatelyafter each use. After opening,AUH1017 may be stored at 15 -25°C for up to 90 days.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytic Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SerumNa*50 - 200 mEq/Lcr50 - 200 mEq/LUrineNa† 10 - 400 mEq/LLCl 15 - 400 mEq/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

7.2 ISE Reagents (Potassium) Predicate Device Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">leE Hodgonte (" otde</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:ISE Reagents - Potassium(K112412)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device:ISE Reagents  Potassium</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AUH1011, AUH1012, AUH1013,AUH1014, AUH1015, AUH1016,AUH1017, AUH1018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent for the quantitativedetermination of Sodium,Potassium and Chlorideconcentrations in human serumand urine on the BeckmanCoulter ISE modules.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentRequired</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU400/400®/480,AU600/640/640®/680 andAU2700/5400/AU5800 BeckmanCoulter Analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU400/400®/480,AU600/640/640®/680,AU2700/5400/AU5800 and DxC700 AU Beckman CoulterAnalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indirect ISE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent form andstorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, on-board storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma and urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AUH1014 Low Serum StandardAUH1015 High Serum StandardAUH1016 High/Low UrineStandard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrate daily.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AUH1011, AUH1012, andAUH1013 are stable for 90 dayswhen opened and stored in theISE reagent compartment of theanalyzer.After opening AUH1014,AUH1015, AUH1016, andAUH1018 may be stored at 2 -25°C for up to 90 days, providedthe cap is replaced immediatelyafter each use. After opening,AUH1017 may be stored at 15 -25°C for up to 90 days.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Predicate Device: ISE Reagents - Potassium (K112412)</td><td>Proposed Device: ISE Reagents  Potassium</td></tr><tr><td>Analytic Range</td><td>Serum K† 1.0 - 10.0 mEq/L Urine K† 2.0 - 200.0 mEq/L</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

7.3 Glucose Predicate Device Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Glucose(K112412)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device:Glucose</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose (OSR6121, OSR6221,OSR6621)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System reagent for thequantitative determination ofGlucose in human serum,plasma, urine and cerebrospinalfluid on Beckman Coulter AUanalyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentRequired</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU400/400®/480,AU600/640/640®/680 andAU2700/5400/AU5800 BeckmanCoulter Analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU400/400®/480,AU600/640/640®/680,AU2700/5400/AU5800 and DxC700 AU Beckman CoulterAnalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Photometric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent form andstorage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, on-board storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, plasma, urine andcerebrospinal fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry Calibrator (Cat #DR0070Urine Calibrator (Cat # DR0090)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Onboard Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days refrigerated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytic Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, plasma and CSF:10 - 800 mg/dLUrine:10 - 700 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

7.4 CRP Predicate Device Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:CRP Latex(K051564)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device:CRP Latex</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Item Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRP Latex (OSR6199)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus System Reagent andcalibrators for the quantitativedetermination of C-ReactiveProtein in human serum andplasma on OLYMPUSAnalyzers. Measurement ofCRP is useful for the detectionand evaluation of infection,tissue injury, inflammatorydisorders and associateddiseases. Measurements mayalso be used as an aid in theidentification of individuals atrisk of future cardiovasculardisease. High sensitivity CRP(hsCRP) measurements, whenused in conjunction withtraditional clinical laboratoryevaluation of acute coronarysyndromes, maybe useful asan independent marker ofprognosis for recurrent events,in patients with stable coronarydisease or acute coronarysyndromes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SameSystem reagent for thequantitative determination ofC-Reactive Protein in humanserum and plasma onBeckman Coulter AUAnalyzers. Measurement ofCRP is useful for the detectionand evaluation of infection,tissue injury, inflammatorydisorders and associateddiseases. Measurements mayalso be useful as an aid in theidentification of individuals atrisk for future cardiovasculardisease. High sensitivity CRP(hsCRP) measurements, whenused in conjunction withtraditional clinical laboratoryevaluation of acute coronarysyndromes, may be useful asan independent marker ofprognosis for recurrent events,in patients with stable coronarydisease or acute coronarysyndromes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Instrument Required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU400/400®/480,AU600/640/640®/680 andAU2700/5400/AU5800Beckman Coulter Analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU400/400®/480,AU600/640/640®/680,AU2700/5400/AU5800 andDxC 700 AU Beckman CoulterAnalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latex enhancedImmunoturbidimetric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit Anti-CRP Antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reagent form andstorage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, on-board storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRP Latex Highly SensitiveCalibrator (Cat # ODC0027)for the Highly Sensitive(Cardiac / Neonatal)Application.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Calibration Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days refrigerated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 days refrigerated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Onboard Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days refrigerated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 days refrigerated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighlySensitive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 - 160 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 to 80 mg/L</td></tr></table>

7.5 AU5800 versus the DxC 700 AU Predicate Device Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:AU5800 Clinical ChemistryAnalyzer(K112412)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device:DxC 700 AU ClinicalChemistry Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Beckman Coulter AU5800Clinical Chemistry Analyzer is anautomated chemistry analyzerthat measures analytes insamples, in combination withappropriate reagents,calibrators, quality control (QC)material and other accessories.This system is for in vitrodiagnostic use only.Applications include colorimetric,turbidimetric, latex agglutination,homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay, and ion selectiveelectrode.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar to predicate.The Beckman Coulter DxC 700AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzeris an automated chemistryanalyzer that measures analytesin samples, in combination withappropriate reagents,calibrators, quality control (QC)material and other accessories.This system is for in vitrodiagnostic use only.Applications include colorimetric,latex agglutination and ionselective electrode.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer, chemistry(photometric, discrete), forclinical use has been classifiedas Class I, JJE by the ClinicalChemistry and ClinicalToxicology Devices Panel, (21CFR 862.2160).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical to predicate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Handling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Containers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 sample tubes on a Rack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical to predicate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 to 17.0 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 to 25.0 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, urine, CSF and Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical to predicate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Input</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Racks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Rack, STAT Table,Direct-line Sample Aspiration(For Automation Connections)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single SampleReplicate Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ability to request test replicatesfor one sample, up to 20replicates per sample per test.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wavelength (nm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halogen Lamp340 to 800 nm13 wavelengths:340, 380, 410, 450, 480, 520,540, 570, 600, 660, 700, 750and 800 nm (maximum of 2wavelengths)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical to predicate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type ofMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">End point assayRate assayFixed point assayElectrode method (ISE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical to predicate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maximum 2000 photometrictests/hour/unit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maximum 800 photometrictests/hour or 1200 tests/hour(photometric + ISE)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Handling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode and fixed position in thereagent carousel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical to predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RefrigeratedReagent On-boardCapacity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System has 2 ReagentRefrigerators:Reagent 1: 54 bottle capacityReagent 2: 54 bottle capacity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System has 2 ReagentRefrigerators:Reagent 1: 60 bottle capacityReagent 2: 48 bottle capacity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISE Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 ISEs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical to predicate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent StorageTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refrigeration temperature: 4 to12 °C (39.2 to 53.6 °F)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical to predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Loadingduring Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not available.Prior to replacing reagentbottles, the AU5800 existinganalysis must be completed andsystem must be in Pause Mode.This may take up to 24 minutesafter customer requests reagentreplacement.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent bottles can be changedon the DxC 700 AU while theinstrument continues to measurepatient samples.On the DxC 700 AU, a reagentbottle can be added or changedwithin 5 minutes of request.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Computers/OS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CPU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Intel ProcessorrunningWindows XP Pro 32bit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intel ProcessorrunningWindows 7 64bit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display/Monitor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19" displaywith touch screen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24" displaywith touch screen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Handheld BarcodeReader</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Provided for reading 1D and 2Dbarcodes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GUI Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User interface unique to AUChemistry systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User interface which will becommon to new BeckmanCoulter IVD systems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result DatabaseCapacity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 (Index)9999 (Sample / Index)400000 (test)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical to predicate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Help</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PDF of IFU is available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HTML version of IFU isaccessible with built-ininteractive video.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LaboratoryInformation System(LIS)Interfaces</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar with LIS ASTM 1394 andAU unique LIS protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical to predicate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LaboratoryAutomation System(LAS) Interfaces</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beckman LAS interface for RackBuilder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beckman LAS interface forDirect Track Sampling system</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-TimeSolutions(RTS) support</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interface to RTS viaPROService protocol which ismade by Beckman Coulter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interface to RTS viaPROService protocol which ismade by Beckman CoulterRemote software installationcapabilities.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External printers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parallel port and USBinterfaced printers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB and LANinterfaced printers</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Comparison testing

In order to further demonstrate the comparability of the predicate device, AU5800 and the candidate device, DxC 700 AU, the following reagent performance testing was performed on a representative number of assays:

Method Comparison   
Matrix Comparison   
Linearity   
Sensitivity   
Precision   
Interference   
In use (On board) & Calibrator Stability   
Prozone   
Sample Dilution

The DxC 700 AU chemistry analyzer uses the same Ion Selective Electrode (ISE) and reagents, as well as the same menu of reagents currently available on the AU5800. Representative assays from the AU chemistry menu were selected to demonstrate equivalency between the predicate device, AU5800, and the candidate device, DxC 700 AU.

The CRP Latex reagent can be used to measure CRP on the DxC 700 AU chemistry analyzer using two applications, a normal application and a high sensitivity (cardiac) application. Only the CRP high sensitivity (cardiac) application was reviewed in this submission as a representative assay.

# 9.0 Summary of Performance Data

This 510(k) submission provides the data necessary to demonstrate equivalence of the predicate device to the candidate device based on the performance validations and comparisons conducted between the representative reagents and analyzer platforms. Based on this data, the new DxC 700 AU Chemistry Analyzer is substantially equivalent to the referenced predicate.

# 9.1 Method Comparison with Predicate Device:

Method comparison and bias estimation experiments were designed using CLSI Guideline EP09-A3 “Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline”. These patient correlation studies demonstrate equivalence between the predicate AU5800 and the candidate DxC 700 AU. A minimum of 100 serum, urine and CSF samples were tested over five days. No more than $20 \%$ of samples were either spiked or diluted to ensure a uniform distribution over the analytical range. Each spiked or diluted sample was made from an individual sample. All method comparisons met the required specifications as detailed in the tables below.

Table 9.1.1 Reagent Method Comparison Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofsamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium,Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.779</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium,Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.392</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium,Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.988</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium,Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride,Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride,Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.679</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRP Latex(HS)Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td></tr></table>

# 9.2 Matrix Comparison Study

Anticoagulation Studies were designed using CLSI EP09-A3: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples: Approved Guideline – Third Edition.

# 9.2.1 Glucose

The serum recovery from the Glucose test was compared to the corresponding EDTA, Sodium Fluoride Potassium Oxalate, Sodium Fluoride EDTA and Lithium Heparin for the same donor.

Table 9.2.1 Anticoagulant study results for Glucose reagent (OSR6x21)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofSamplestested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regressionanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.72 - 752.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope: 0.999Intercept: -0.099R: 0.998Bias: -0.199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SodiumFluoridePotassiumOxalate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.72 - 752.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope: 1.007Intercept: 0.127R: 0.998Bias: 0.827</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Slope: 0.95-1.05Intercept: ± 3.8mg/dLR: ≥ 0.95Bias: ± 3% at 100 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.72 - 752.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope: 0.996Intercept:-0.076R: 0.998Bias: -0.476</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SodiumFluoride EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.72-752.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope: 1.005Intercept: 0.133R: 0.998Bias: 0.633</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

# 9.2.2 CRP Latex

The serum recovery from the CRP Latex test (highly sensitive application) was compared to the corresponding EDTA and Lithium Heparin for the same donor.

Table 9.2.2 Anticoagulant study results for CRP Latex reagent (OSR6x99)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofSamplestested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regressionanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34 - 73.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope: 0.990Intercept: -0.059R: 0.9992Bias: -2.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope: 0.9-1.1Intercept: ± 0.2 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34 - 73.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope: 0.985Intercept: -0.013R: 0.9995Bias: -1.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R: ≥ 0.95Bias: ± 6% at 3mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

# 9.3 Linearity/Assay Reportable Range:

Analytical range (linearity) studies were designed to meet the requirements of CLSI guidelines EP06-A “Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline”.

High and low pools were prepared and inter-diluted to achieve concentrations spanning the required linear range. Each dilution was assayed in quadruplicate on the DxC 700 AU. The performance data for the study demonstrates linearity throughout the claimed dynamic range of each assay, as represented in the tables below.

Table 9.3.1 Linearity Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LinearFrom</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearto</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium,Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.6158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>245.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium,Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0506</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.7363</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>417.43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium,Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.44</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium,Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9883</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0571</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223.47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride,Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0362</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.6836</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>246.78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride,Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0476</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.5026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>421.31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9834</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>843.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRP Latex(HS) Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9894</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0444</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.49</td></tr></table>

# 9.4 Sensitivity (Detection Limits):

LoB, LoD and LoQ studies were designed primarily from CLSI guideline EP17- A2 “Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures Approved Guideline - Second Edition. The experimental design consisted of replicate measurements on blank and low level samples using 2 lots of reagent across multiple days. A total of 60 blank replicates per reagent lot and 280 low level sample replicates per reagent lot were generated. This was comprised of 4 blank samples run 5-fold for 3 days, and 7 low level samples run 5-fold for 8 days.

The LoB, LoD, and LoQ results are summarised in the table below. All representative reagents met specifications and were below the claimed measuring range of the reagent.

Table 9.4.1 Sensitivity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low End ofMeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose,Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRP Latex(HS), Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr></table>

# 9.5 Precision/Reproducibility:

Repeatability (within-run) and within-laboratory (total) precision studies were designed from CLSI guideline EP05-A3 “Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline - Third Edition”. The precision was verified on the DxC 700 AU using 1 lot of reagent and 1 lot of calibrator and utilized duplicate sample analysis, twice daily, over the course of 20 days $( n = 8 0 )$ for multiple sample levels. There was a minimum interval of two hours between the two runs each day.

All assays met the performance precision specifications and provide data to support the precision claims in the IFUs. The results are summarized in the below tables:

Table 9.5.1. Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleLevels</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(n=80)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Laboratory(Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>CRP Latex(HS)(mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.389</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.428</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.612</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.815</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.754</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.386</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.530</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>643.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.821</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Sodium(mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.324</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.879</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.318</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.638</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.552</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.309</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.834</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Potassium(mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Chloride(mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Sodium(mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.261</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.414</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.420</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>245.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.951</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>353.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.933</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.092</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Potassium(mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.611</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.82</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.596</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Chloride(mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.559</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.508</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.383</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.758</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.737</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.640</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>364.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.716</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.14</td></tr></table>

# 9.6 In-Use and Calibration Stability Verification (EP25-A):

This protocol followed CLSI EP25-A guideline “Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents; Approved Guideline”; The aim was to verify the 30 and 90 day on-board claim for the representative reagents and to verify the 1 day calibration stability claim for the ISEs on the DxC 700 analyzer.

Testing was performed using one reagent lot (where appropriate) and one calibrator lot on the DxC 700 analyzer. Calibration (as required) was performed on the initial day of testing and controls were run in duplicate. At each timepoint the reagents were calibrated (if required) and controls were run in duplicate. Controls were run in duplicate on Day $1 +$ greater than 2hrs for the ISEs. The mean of the control replicates was calculated and the bias of this result to the mean of the control on Day 0 was calculated. The final time-points exceeded the claims on the reagent and ISE IFUs. For the reagents, linearity was assessed at the final time point.

A summary of in-use and calibration stability specifications and results are detailed in the tables below. All results were within specification and provide data to support the on-board and calibrations stability claims in the reagent and ISE IFUs.

Table 9.6.1 Reagent In-Use and Calibration Stability Specifications   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OnboardStabilityClaim(Days)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationStabilityClaim(Days)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRP Latex(HS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr></table>

Table 9.6.2 ISE Calibration Stability Specifications   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationStability Claim(Days)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

# 9.7 Interferences (Analytical specificity):

Interference studies were designed based on CLSI Guideline EP07-A2: “Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline - Second Edition”.

All test samples were assayed in quadruplicate at two analyte levels. The sample pools tested were at different levels of interferents to determine the magnitude of their effect (if any). The data analysis involved calculating the difference in recovery of the samples with and without the potential interfering substances. The results are summarized below. All interferences met the required specifications on the DxC 700 AU analyzer.

Table 9.7.1 Chloride LIH Tolerance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SUBSTANCE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SOURCE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEVELTESTED*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OBSERVEDEFFECT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Porcine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSIa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC hemolysate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr></table>

Table 9.7.2 Potassium LIH Tolerance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SUBSTANCE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SOURCE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEVELTESTED*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OBSERVEDEFFECT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Porcine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSIa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC hemolysate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr></table>

Table 9.7.3 Sodium LIH Tolerance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SUBSTANCE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SOURCE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEVELTESTED*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OBSERVEDEFFECT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Porcine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSIa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC hemolysate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSI</td></tr></table>

\*Level Tested represents the maximum concentration of interferent tested where no significant interference was observed. $\mathsf { a } = \mathsf { N S l } = \mathsf { N o }$ Significant Interference (Chloride $\pm 2 . 5 \%$ , Potassium $\pm 0 . 2 5 \mathrm { m E q / L }$ , Sodium ±2mEq/L) ${ \sf b } =$ Intralipid is a registered trademark of KabiVitrum, Inc., Clayton, NC 27250

# Table 9.7.4 Glucose and CRP (HS) Interference Data

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>InterferenceThreshold</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*Lipemic(Intralipid) ±</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Icteric(Unconjugated) ±</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolytic ±</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose,Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% at700 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% at40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% at500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRP Latex(HS), Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid(1000 mg/dL)intf. &lt; 10% at CRPconc. of1 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin(40 mg/dL)intf. &lt; 5% at CRPconc. of 1 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hemolysate (500mg/dL)intf. &lt; 5% at CRPconc. Of1 mg/L</td></tr></table>

Claim based on Intralipid: a $2 0 \%$ IV fat emulsion used to emulate extremely turbid samples.

# 9.8 Prozone

Testing was carried out to verify the prozone performance on the DxC 700 AU using CRP Latex (High Sensitivity application) as the representative assay. Human serum was spiked with human CRP to create a prozone high pool of $>$ $7 5 0 \mathrm { m g / L }$ . The CRP concentration was verified using three replicates of three dilutions within the measuring range. Eleven dilutions of the high prozone pool were then prepared and ran $\mathtt { n } = 3$ to confirm prozone performance. Testing demonstrates that samples with CRP concentrations up to $7 5 0 \mathrm { m g / L }$ will not generate falsely low results within the analytical range.

# 10.0 Conclusion

The submission provides the data necessary to demonstrate this equivalence based on the performance validations and comparisons conducted between the representative reagents and analyzer platforms. Based on this data, the new DxC 700 AU Chemistry Analyzer is substantially equivalent to the referenced predicate(s).

This 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.