Re: K161834 Trade/Device Name: One Drop Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: November 01, 2016 Received: November 02, 2016

Dear Mr. David Olsen:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.d.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name One Drop Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The One Drop Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of blood glucose (sugar) levels in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip. It is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared. The One Drop Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-testing outside the body (In vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The One Drop Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes, and is not intended for use with neonates.

The One Drop Blood Glucose Test Strips:   
The One Drop Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the One Drop Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure blood glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510 (k) Section 15

# 510(k) Summary Rev. 092716

This summary of 510(k) substantial equivalence is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

1. Prepared: June 29, 2016

2. Submitter:

AgaMatrix, Inc.

3. Address:

7C Raymond Ave. Salem, NH 03079 Phone: (603) 328-6000

# 4. Contact:

David M. Olsen   
VP Quality Assurance / Regulatory Affairs   
dolsen@agamatrix.com   
Phone: 603-328-6049   
Fax: 603-836-4025

5. Device Name:

Trade/Proprietary Name: One Drop Blood Glucose Monitoring System Common Name: Glucose Test System

# 6. Device Classification:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pan</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA  glucose Oxidase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75, Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW - system, test, bloodglucose, over the counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75, Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# 7. Predicate Device:

AgaMatrix Jazz Wireless 2 Blood Glucose Monitoring System, 510(k) K152365

# 8. Device Description:

The One Drop Blood Glucose Monitoring System (BGMS) is intended for the quantitative measurement of blood glucose levels in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip. It is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared. The One Drop BGMS is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The System is not for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes, and is not intended for use with neonates.

The system measures the concentration of glucose in a drop of blood obtained from the fingertip. The test strip is inserted into the meter and the blood is then introduced to the tip of the test strip. The blood reacts with chemicals on the test strip and this reaction generates an electrical current which is measured by the meter. The magnitude of the current is related to the blood glucose concentration. The fundamental scientific technology and the electronics that sends the electrical signals to the assay algorithm are all the same as the predicate device AgaMatrix Jazz Wireless 2 BGMS (K152365). The unit of measure displayed on the meter screen is fixed in $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ and cannot be modified by the user.

The One Drop Blood Glucose Monitoring System (BGMS) consists of:

 1 One Drop Blood Glucose Meter   
 1 One Drop Owner's Guide   
 1 Carry Case   
 1 Lancing Device   
 10 Lancets   
 100 One Drop Glucose Test Strips AgaMatrix Glucose Control Solution (available separately)

9. Intended Use & Indications for Use:

# 9.1. Intended Use:

Blood Glucose Monitoring

# 9.2. Indications for Use:

The One Drop Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of blood glucose (sugar) levels in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip. It is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared. The One Drop Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-testing outside the body (In vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The One Drop Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes, and is not intended for use with neonates.

The One Drop Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the One Drop Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure blood glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

# 10. Comparison to Predicate

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceAgaMatrix Jazz Wireless 2Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem(K152365)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceOne Drop Blood GlucoseMonitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The AgaMatrix Jazz Wireless 2 BloodGlucose Monitoring System isintended for the quantitativemeasurement of blood glucose levelsin fresh capillary whole bloodsamples drawn from the fingertip. It isintended to be used by a single patientand should not be used for testingmultiple patients. The AgaMatrix JazzWireless 2 Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem is intended for self-testingoutside the body (In vitro diagnosticuse) by people with diabetes at homeas an aid to monitor the effectivenessof diabetes control. The AgaMatrixJazz Wireless 2 Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is not for thediagnosis of or screening for diabetes,and is not intended for use withneonates.The AgaMatrix Jazz Wireless 2 BloodGlucose Test Strips are for use with theAgaMatrix Jazz Wireless 2 GlucoseMeter to quantitatively measure bloodglucose (sugar) in fresh capillary wholeblood samples drawn from the fingertips.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The One Drop Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem is intended for the quantitativemeasurement of blood glucose levels infresh capillary whole blood samples drawnfrom the fingertip. It is intended to be usedby a single patient and should not be usedfor testing multiple patients. The OneDrop Blood Glucose Monitoring System islintended for self-testing outside the body(In vitro diagnostic use) by people withdiabetes at home as an aid to monitor theeffectiveness of diabetes control. The OneDrop Blood Glucose Monitoring System isnot for the diagnosis of or screening fordiabetes, and is not intended for use withneonates.The One Drop Blood Glucose Test Stripsare for use with the One Drop BloodGlucose Meter to quantitatively measureblood glucose (sugar) in fresh capillarywhole blood samples drawn from thefingertips.(Same as Predicate)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Finger tip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Average Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50° - 104°F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 to 600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma Equivalent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Humidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% to 90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 60%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Altitude Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 10,000 feet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(2) replaceable CR2032 3 volt,lithium batteries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connectivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter can send BGM results viaBluetooth to smart devices using theappropriate iOS or Android softwareapplication.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dynamic Electrochemistry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationCoding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceAgaMatrix Jazz Wireless 2Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem(K152365)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceOne Drop Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-2.56 inches, H-0.39 inches</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-2.76inches, H-0.47inches</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18g</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20g</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter OuterFinish</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABS polymer blend with colorpigment added to polymer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABS polymer blend covered with analuminum plating</td></tr></table>

# 11. Technological Characteristics:

The device modifications described in this premarket notification do not affect or alter the fundamental scientific technology of the predicate device, the AgaMatrix Jazz Wireless 2 Blood Glucose Monitor.

# 12. Intended Use:

The modifications described in this premarket notification do not alter or change the intended use of the modified device from its predicate the AgaMatrix Jazz Wireless 2 Blood Glucose Monitor.