Re: K161818 Trade/Device Name: GEM Premier 3000 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CGA, CHL, JGS, CEM, JFP, KHP, KFG Dated: August 12, 2016 Received: August 15, 2016

Dear Nikita Malladi:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k161818

The GEM Premier 3000 is a portable system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of whole blood pH, pCO2, pO2, $\mathrm { N a + }$ , $\mathrm { K } +$ , $\mathrm { C a + + }$ , Glucose, Lactate and Hct. These parameters along with derived parameters aid in the diagnosis of a patient's acid/base status, oxygen delivery capacity, and electrolyte and metabolite balance.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co. 180 Hartwell Road Bedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="5">Contact Person</td><td>Nikita Malladi</td></tr><tr><td>Regulatory Affairs Specialist II</td></tr><tr><td>Phone: 781-674-3245</td></tr><tr><td>Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td>Email: nmalladi@ilww.com</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>September 12, 2016</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Names</td><td>GEM Premier 3000</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>GEM Premier 3000</td><td>K052121</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Gases (pCO2, pO2) and Blood pH system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>||</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lonized Calcium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactic acid test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated hematocrit instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Description</td></tr><tr><td>The GEM Premier 3000 is designed as a portable system for use by health care professionals to rapidly lactate.</td></tr><tr><td>analyze whole blood samples, in central laboratory or point-of-careclinical settings.The instrument provides both measured and calculated results for blood gases, hematocrit, electrolytes, glucose, and</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use / Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td>The GEM Premier 3000 is a portable system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze whole blsmple   ponheal elivryciil tese povie an measurements of whole blood pH, pCO2, pO2, Na, K′, Cat, Glucose, Lactate and Hct. These parameters alg withdrive pareter inhdianosia patint aci/bas tatus, gendelivery c, and electrolyte and metabolite balance.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Reason for Submission</td></tr><tr><td>This Special 510(k) is being submitted to update the operating system from Linux Fedora Core 7 to Linux Fedora Core 21 for GEM Premier 3000 Instruments. The operating system is being updated to</td></tr><tr><td>accommodate a change in the single-board computer due to obsolescence.</td></tr><tr><td>The submission meets the criteria for a Special 510(k) based on the following:</td></tr><tr><td>No change in indications for use or intended use</td></tr><tr><td>No change in operating principle</td></tr><tr><td>No change to labeled performance claims No change to data reduction software</td></tr><tr><td>No change to fluidic design</td></tr><tr><td>No change to GEM cartridges or CVP material</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison to Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate (K052121)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Updated DeviceSubject of this Submission</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 3000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">See above</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended User</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Central Laboratory and Point-of-Care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Gas Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry: pH and pCO2Amperometry: pO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrolyte Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry: Na, KC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metabolite Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry: Glucose and Lactate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conductivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Introduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspiration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry: pH, pCO2, Na*, K, CaAmperometry: pO2, Glu, LacConductivity: Hematocrit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood for all analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM3000 - 17 (H) x 12 (W) x 12 (D)"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSame</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM3000 - 29.5 pounds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSame</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Menu Driven Touch Screen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Introduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspiration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In conjunction with iQM:GEM CVP 1, GEM CVP 2,GEM CVP 3 and GEM CVP 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 3000 V6.2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 3000 V6.3.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating System Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linux Fedora Core 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linux Fedora Core 21</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Board Computer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Win Enterprises 90140 Intel Pentium® M®/ Celeron® M processor, 400MHz - ETXModule</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Seco Q7-BT Rel. 2.0Module with the Intel®Atom™ E3800</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Declaration of Conformance toDesign Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>As required by the risk analysis, all verification and validation activities wereperformed and the results demonstrated that the predeterminedacceptance criteria were met.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verification and ValidationSummary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software verification and validation was performed according as defined inthe GEM Premier 3000 V6.3.0 Project Software Verification Plan (DocumentNo. L0024004020, See Section 32) and in accordance with the SoftwareDesign Verification Procedure. Software Validation was performed asdefined in the GEM 3x00 Software Design and Development Plan for SBCProject (Document No. L0024003937, See Section 30).Testing verified that the SW V6.3.0 change meets requirements and that nonew hazards have been introduced. This is documented in the GEMPremier 3000 V6.3.0 Software Verification report (Document No.L0024004116, See Section 33), and the GEM Premier 3000 V6.3.0 SoftwareValidation Assessment (Document No. L0024005866, See Section 35).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conclusion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on the shared indications for use, operating principle andperformance claims, the GEM Premier 3000 with software V6.3.0 runningon the Linux Fedora Core 21 operating system can be concluded to besubstantially equivalent to the cleared and currently marketed predicatedevice, GEM Premier 3000.</td></tr></table>