OK BIOTECH CO., LTD.   
KE-MIN JEN, OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENT NO.91, SEC.2   
GONGDAO 5TH ROAD   
HSINCHU CITY 30070, TAIWAN

Re: K162430 Trade/Device Name: UniStrip1™ Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: December 6, 2016 Received: December 15, 2016

Dear Ke-Min Jen:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use (Describe)

The UniStrip1™ Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips are used with the OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Ultra $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ , OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ , Ultra $^ { \textregistered 2 }$ , OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ , UltraMin $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ and OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ , UltraSmar $^ \mathrm { { \textregistered } }$ meters purchased before April 2016, set at calibration code 49, for measuring glucose (sugar) in whole capillary blood. The strips are meant for self-testing of blood glucose as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.   
They are for single patient use only and should not be shared.   
They are used to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples taken from the finger, palm, or forearm. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use).   
They are indicated for use by people with diabetes in their home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.   
Not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus and is not intended for use on neonates.   
The UniStrip1™ Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips allow alternate site testing (AST) from the fingertip, palm and/or the forearm. (Use of palm AST is not to be done with OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ , Ultra $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ meter). Alternative site testing should only be done during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 5. 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

(Per 21 CFR 807.92)

Type Of 510(K) Submission Traditional

Basis for the submission

Device

Trade name 510(k) Submitter

Official Correspondent

Additional or Expanded Indications   
BLOOD GLUCOSE TEST STRIPS   
UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips OK BIOTECH CO., LTD.   
No. 91, Sec. 2, Gongdao 5th Road, 30070,   
Hsinchu City, Taiwan   
Telephone: +886-3-516-0258   
Fax:+886-3-516-0028   
Email: service@okbiotech.com   
December 6, 2016   
Dr. Jen, Ke-min   
TEL: +886-3-5208829 FAX: +886-3-5209783 Email: ceirs.jen@msa.hinet.net   
510(k) Summary   
System, Test, Blood Glucose, Over The Counter Glucose test system   
Clinical Chemistry   
NBW, CGA   
21 CFR 862.1345   
2   
OK Biotech Co., ltd.   
UniStrip1TM Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips K160038

Preference For Continued

Confidentiality (21 CFR 807.95)

Regulation number Class

Predicate Device

# Indications for Use:

The UniStrip1™ Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips are used with the OneTouch® Ultra®, OneTouch Ultra®2, OneTouch® UltraMini® and OneTouch® UltraSmart® meters purchased before April 2016, set at calibration code 49, for measuring glucose (sugar) in whole capillary blood. The strips are meant for self-testing of blood glucose as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

They are for single patient use only and should not be shared.

They are used to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples taken from the finger, palm, or forearm. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use).

They are indicated for use by people with diabetes in their home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

Not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus and is not intended for use on neonates.

The UniStrip1™ Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips allow alternative site testing (AST) from the fingertip, palm and/or the forearm. (Use of palm AST is not to be done with OneTouch® Ultra® meter). Alternate site testing should only be done during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

# Device Description:

The UniStripl Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips are used with the OneTouch® Ultra, OneTouch® Ultra ${ \mathbb { \ B } } _ { 2 }$ , OneTouch® UltraMini® and OneTouch® UltraSmart® meters. The UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips are intended for use outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes using the OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Ultra®, OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Ultra ${ \mathbb { \ B } } _ { 2 }$ , OneTouch® UltraMini® and OneTouch® UltraSmart® blood glucose monitoring systems as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips allow alternate site testing (AST) from the fingertip, palm and/or the forearm. (Use of palm AST is not to be done with OneTouch\* Ultra\* meter). The UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips can only be used with the OneTouch® Ultra®, OneTouch Ultra ${ \mathbb { \ B } } _ { 2 }$ , OneTouch® UltraMini® and OneTouch® UltraSmart® meters purchased before April 2016. UniStripl Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips are only for use with calibration code 49.

#  Test Principle

The OneTouch® Ultra® Family meters are plasma-calibrated to allow easy comparison of results with laboratory methods. Glucose in the blood sample mixes with special chemicals on the UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips and a small electrical current is produced. This current is measured by the OneTouch® Ultra® Family Meters and displayed as your blood glucose result. The strength of the current changes with the amount of glucose in the blood sample.

#  Comparison Table

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UniStrip1 Generic Blood GlucoseTest Strips</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UniStrip1 Generic Blood GlucoseTest Strips</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OK Biotech Co., Ltd.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OK Biotech Co., Ltd.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K160038</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K162430</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose in the blood sample mixeswith glucose oxidase on theUniStripl test strip and a smallelectrical current is measured by themeter(s) and displayed as your bloodglucose results. The strength of thiscurrent changes with the amounts ofglucose in the blood sample.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose oxidase (Aspergillus niger)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole blood from fingertipand alternate sites (palm, forearm andupper-arm)(Use of palm AST is not to be done withOneTouch® Ultra® meter).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43 - 111 °F (6 - 44 °C )10 - 90% R.H.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HCT Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 - 55%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detecting Limit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip StorageTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39 - 104 °F (4 - 40 °C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Opened test stripsvial shelf life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 days after first opening</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unopened test stripsvial shelf life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brand  name  ofControl solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UniStrip Control Solutions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IngredientChemicals of theUniStrip1  GenericBlood Glucose TestStrips</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Glucose oxidase (Aspergillusniger): 20 1UPotassium ferricyanide: 0.12 mg3.Non-reactive ingredients: 1.8 mg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IngredientChemicals of theControl Solutions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1. D-Glucose2.Polyvinyl acetate (aqueousemulsion): 10%3.Antifoaming agent(Polyethylene Glycol 4000):0.02%4.  Disodium EDTA: 0.1%5.  Fumed silica: 0.2%6.  Food Pigment Red No.6:0.05%7.  Sodium Benzoate: 0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The UniStrip1 TM Generic BloodGlucose Test Strips are used with theOneTouch® Ultra®2, OneTouch®UltraMini® and OneTouch®UltraSmar™® meters purchasedbefore April 2016, and OneTouch®</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The UniStrip1 TM Generic BloodGlucose Test Strips are used withthe OneTouch® Ultra®, OneTouchUltra®2, OneTouch® UltraMini®and OneTouch® UltraSmart®meters purchased before April</td></tr><tr><td>Ultra® purchased before October rapidly).</td><td>2012, set at calibration code 49, for measuring glucose (sugar) in whole capillary blood. The strips are meant for self-testing of blood glucose as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. They are for single patient use only and should not be shared. They are used to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples taken from the finger, palm, or forearm. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). They are indicated for use by people with diabetes in their home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. Not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus and is not intended for use on neonates. The UniStrip1TM Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips allow alternate site testing (AST) from the fingertip, palm and/or the forearm. (Use of palm AST is not to be done with OneTouch® Ultra® meter). Alternative site testing should only be done during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing</td><td>whole capillary blood. The strips are meant for self-testing of blood glucose as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. They are for single patient use only and should not be shared. They are used to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples taken from the finger, palm, or forearm. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). They are indicated for use by people with diabetes in their home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. Not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus and is not intended for use on neonates. The UniStrip1 TM Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips allow alternate site testing (AST) from the fingertip, palm and/or the forearm. (Use of palm AST is not to be done with OneTouch® Ultra® meter). Alternative site testing should only be done during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).</td></tr></table>

#  Substantial Equivalence Discussions

A claim of substantial equivalence is made to UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips (K160038) made by OK Biotech Co., Ltd. Both devices actually are identical ones, except for the differences of valid dates for the OneTouch® Ultra® meters purchased before April 2012 and purchased before April 2016. This 4-year extra valid period for the OneTouch® Ultra® meter has been validated by conducting the performance testing on the OneTouch® Ultra® meters, The difference of validated dates for the OneTouch® Ultra® meters will not raise any safety or effectiveness concerns. They are substantially equivalent.

#  Summary of Performance Tests and Non-Clinical Studies

The following tests and studies were conducted to ensure the subject device, UniStripl Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips, used with the following blood glucose meters: OneTouch Ultra®, OneTouch® Ultra®2, OneTouch® UltraMini® and One-Touch® UltraSmart® meters purchased before April 2016 were safe and effective in measuring blood glucose concentration.

1. Altitude study per ISO 15197:2013 In vitro diagnostic test systems — Requirements for blood glucose monitoring systems for self-testing in managing diabetes mellitus

The study shows the individual bias fall within $\pm 1 0 \%$ at the altitude from 298 feet (91 meters) to 11,161 feet (3,402 meters). The Standard Deviations (SD) at blood glucose concentration $< ~ I O O$ mg/dL and CV at the blood glucose concentration $\geq$ 100 mg/dL for the measurements were less than 5.0 mg/dL and $5 . 0 \%$ , respectively. The results meet the acceptance criteria. So it shows no significant effects on the UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips with OneTouch® Ultra® Meters at various altitudes from 298 feet to 11,161 feet (91 to 3,402 meters). We claim that it can be used up to 10,000 ft.

2. Hematocrit study per ISO 15197:2013 In vitro diagnostic test systems — Requirements for blood glucose monitoring systems for self-testing in managing diabetes mellitus

According to the data, when blood sample with HCT from $30 \%$ to $55 \%$ , (1) All of SD and CV were less than 5 mg/dL and $5 \%$ in this study, respectively. (2) All of the individual bias of glucose measurement compared with YSI mean was less than

$15 \%$ . Also, (3) The Mean Bias% to YSI for each sample of blood glucose concentration at each hematocrit level was less than $10 \%$ . (4) The Difference $\%$ between the mean glucose bias and the mean bias of the mid-level sample (Hct: $42 \%$ was less than $10 \%$ . The test results met the acceptance criteria. In summary, the HCT ranges from $30 \%$ to $55 \%$ were available for UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips with OneTouch® Ultra® Meters.

3. Interference study per ISO 15197:2013 In vitro diagnostic test systems — Requirements for blood glucose monitoring systems for self-testing in managing diabetes mellitus and per NCCLS/CLSI EP07-A2:2007 Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline - Second Edition (FDA recognition number 7-127)

According to the data, all the bias of test results within the range listed above were $\leq 1 0 \%$ compared with the measurements of the controlled pool. Based on the results, the concentration limits of all the interfering substances were higher than therapeutic or physiological levels. That is, no obvious interference was observed in the interfering substance at neither therapeutic nor physiological levels at two blood glucose levels.

4. Linearity study per NCCLS/CLSI EP6-A:2014 Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline (FDA recognition number 7-193) According to our test results, the correlation coefficient is greater than 0.95. That is, our test results were highly correlated with YSI 2300. The linearity is available from 20 to 600 mg/dL. 100 % of the bias of individual glucose results fall within $\pm$ 10 mg/dL at glucose concentration $<$ 100 mg/dL, and $10 \%$ at glucose concentration $\geq$ 100 mg/dL compared with Glucose Analyzer YSI 2300. The test results shown in the following table met the acceptance criteria

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strips lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0434</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9988</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9994</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9985</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99925</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.389</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99955</td></tr></table>

# 5. Operation condition study

The performance of the UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips with OneTouch® Ultra® Meters was evaluated in the normal and extreme environments. According to the test results, the individual bias was within $\pm l 0$ mg/dL at glucose concentration $<$ 100 mg/dL and within $\pm l0 \%$ at glucose concentration $\ge ~ I O O$ mg/dL. The SD was less than 5.0 mg/dL at glucose concentration $<$ 100 mg/dL, and the CV was less than $5 . 0 \%$ at glucose concentration $\geq$ 100 mg/dL. The test results met the acceptance criteria. Therefore, UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips used with the OneTouch® Ultra® Blood Glucose Meters and UniStrip Control Solutions were operated normally in the conditions $4 2 - ~ I I I ~ ^ { o } F ~ ( 6 { \sim } 4 4 ~ ^ { o } C ) .$ , 10 – 90% R.H.

6. Precision study per NCCLS/CLSI EP05-A3:2015 Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures, Approved Guideline-Third Edition (In Vitro Diagnostics) (FDA Recognition Number 7-251) According to the test results, the pooled and maximum SD were less than 5.0 mg/dL at glucose concentration $<$ 75 mg/dL, and pooled and maximum $C V$ were less than $5 . 0 \%$ at glucose concentration $\ge 7 5$ mg/dL. The maximum individual bias were less than $10 \%$ compared with glucose analyzer YSI 2300. The test results shown in the following tables met the acceptance criteria

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level IV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level V</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YSI 2300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>325</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Lot I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Lot ⅡI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Lot III</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>325.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intermediate Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Lot I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Lot ⅡI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Lot III</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>256.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>257.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td></tr></table>

7. Shelf-Life study per EN 23640:2013 In vitro diagnostic medical devices. Evaluation of stability of in vitro diagnostic reagents

According to the test results, all of the data met the acceptance criteria. That is, the unopened vials of the UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips were stable for 24 months and 90 days for opened vials.

# 8. User performance (Lay users) evaluation

After a certain period of independent reading, the blood glucose monitoring systems can be operated properly by a lay user for fingertips and alternate site testing (the forearm). All of correlation values $R ^ { 2 }$ were greater than 0.98, and it meant glucose measurements of the UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips with the OneTouch® Ultra® Meters were highly correlated to the measurements of Glucose Analyzer YSI 2300. The test results show that the populations of individual bias ± 15 mg/dL at blood glucose concentration $< 7 5$ mg/dL and $\pm \ I 5$ $\%$ at blood glucose concentration $\ge 7 5$ mg/dL compared with Glucose Analyzer YSI 2300 are more than $95 \%$ . The test results met the acceptance criteria. That is, the blood glucose monitoring system could be operated properly by lay users.

# Measurements performed by lay users for Lot I versus YSI 2300

For glucose concentration $< 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$   

<table><tr><td>Test site</td><td>Within ±5 mg/dL</td><td>Within ±10 mg/dL</td><td></td><td>Within ±15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Fingertip</td><td>13/20 (65.0%)</td><td>17/20</td><td>(85.0%)</td><td>20/20 (100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td>Forearm</td><td>13/20 (65.0%)</td><td>18/20</td><td>(90.0%)</td><td>20/20 (100.0%)</td></tr></table>

For glucose concentration ≥ 75 mg/dL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FingertipForearm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52/80 (65.0%)50/80 (62.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71/80 (88.8%)73/80 (91.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80 (100.0%)80/80 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80 (100.0%)80/80 (100.0%)</td></tr></table>

Linearity analysis results for fingertip test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{2}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y=0.9982X+1.2235</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9827</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y=0.9658X+3.4959</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9816</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y=1.0132X-2.2274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9876</td></tr></table>

# 9. Satisfactory evaluation

More than $85 \%$ of volunteers agreed that the labels on the packing and the users’ guide provided enough information of the product for the readers. More than $95 \%$ of volunteers’ scores were higher than 80 points. It indicates that the written materials could provide enough information of the product for the lay users, so they can comprehend the contents easily even without the explanation by professional.

# 10. Sample volume study

As the test results show the glucose measurements of sample volume are from 1.0 to 1.5 µL. The sample volume of UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips with OneTouch® Ultra® Meters was required at least 1.0 µL to obtain the normal testing results.

# 11. Error message verification study

According to our test results, the error messages of OneTouch® Ultra® Meters displayed correctly at the given condition of procedures. The test results of UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips met the acceptance criteria.

12. MSDS for Glucose Oxidase in UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips

13. MSDS for PET in UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips

#  Synopsis of Test Methods and Results

Pre-clinical data are employed upon submission of this 510(k) premarket notification according to the FDA Guidance Document: Review Criteria of Portable Blood Glucose Monitoring in Vitro Diagnostic Devices Using Glucose Oxidase, Dehydrogenase or Hexokinase Methodology. 02/28/1997.

# Conclusions

Based on the comparison table, substantial equivalence discussion, and FDA guidance document, OK Biotech concludes that no new issues of safety and effectiveness have been raised in this original ${ \displaystyle 5 1 0 ( { \bf k } ) }$ submission for the UniStrip1 Generic Blood Glucose Test Strips used with the OneTouch® Ultra®, OneTouch® Ultra®2, OneTouch® UltraMini® and One-Touch® UltraSmart® meters purchased before April 2016.