SHENZHEN NEW INDUSTRIES BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING CO.,LTD c/o JOE SHIA, DIRECTOR   
LSI INTERNATIONAL INC.   
504E DIAMOND AVE., SUITE F   
GAITHERSBURG MD 20877

Re: K162698 Trade/Device Name: MAGLUMI 2000 TSH, MAGLUMI 2000 Immunoassay Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1690 Regulation Name: Thyroid stimulating hormone test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JLW, JJE Dated: May 29, 2017 Received: June 5, 2017

Dear Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K162698</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name MAGLUMI 2000 TSH</td><td></td></tr></table>

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Number (if known) K162698

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# K162698 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92

1. Date:

July 12, 2017

2. Submitter:

Shenzhen New Industries Biomedical Engineering Co., Ltd. No.16, Jinhui Road, Pingshan New District, Shenzhen China 518122

3. Contact person:

Joe Shia   
LSI International Inc.   
504 East Diamond Ave., Suite F Gaithersburg, MD 20878   
Telephone: 240-505-7880   
Fax: 301-916-6213   
Email:shiajl@yahoo.com

4. Device Name:

Classification:

MAGLUMI 2000 TSH MAGLUMI 2000 Immunoassay System Class II (assay); Class I (instrument)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductAbbreviation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Name</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JLW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1690</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TSH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thyroid Stimulating Hormone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.2160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer, Chemistry (Photometric, Discrete), For Clinical Use</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices:

K083844, Siemens ADVIA Centaur TSH3 K151792, Siemens Trinidad Immunoassay (IM) System

6. Intended Use:

The MAGLUMI 2000 Immunoassay system is an automated, immunoassay analyzer designed to perform in vitro diagnostic tests on clinical s e r u m specimens. The MAGLUMI 2000 Immunoassay system’s assay application utilizes chemiluminescents technology for clinical use.

The MAGLUMI 2000 TSH assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) in human serum. The measurement of TSH is used in the diagnosis of thyroid disorders.

7. Device Description:

# MAGLUMI 2000 System:

The MAGLUMI 2000 system is a floor model, fully automated instrument system that utilizes chemiluminescent technology and uses pre-packaged reagent packs to measure a variety of analytes in human body fluids. It is controlled through a combination of custom and off-the-shelf software.

# MAGLUMI 2000 TSH assay:

MAGLUMI 2000 TSH kit consists of the following reagents:   
Magnetic Microbeads- coated with anti-TSH monoclonal antibody, phosphate buffer, $\mathrm { N a N } 3 ( < 0 . 1 \% )$ an ProClin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 300   
Calibrator Low-TSH antigen (human origin), phosphate buffer, bovine serum, $\mathrm { N a N } 3 ( < 0 . 1 \% )$ and ProClin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 300   
Calibrator High- TSH antigen (human origin), phosphate buffer, bovine serum, $\mathrm { N a N } 3 ( < 0 . 1 \% )$ and ProClin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 300   
Buffer- tris buffer, HAMA Blocker, BSA, $\mathrm { N a N } 3 ( < 0 . 1 \% )$ and ProClin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 300   
ABEI Label- labeled with anti-TSH monoclonal antibody (mouse), tris buffer, containing BSA, $\mathrm { N a N } 3 ( < 0 . 1 \% )$ and ProClin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 300   
Control 1- TSH antigen (human origin), phosphate buffer, bovine serum $\mathrm { N a N } 3 ( < 0 . 1 \% )$ and ProClin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 300   
Control 2- TSH antigen (human origin), phosphate buffer, bovine serum $\mathrm { N a N } 3 ( < 0 . 1 \% )$ and ProClin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 300   
Control 3- TSH antigen (human origin), phosphate buffer, bovine serum $\mathrm { N a N } 3 ( < 0 . 1 \% )$ and ProClin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 300.

8. Standard/Guidance Documents Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute EP5-A2 – Evaluation of Precision Performance of Clinical Chemistry Devices-Approved Guideline-Second Edition. Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute EP6-A – Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Analytical Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute EP17-A2: Evaluation of detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute EP7-A2 – Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute EP9-A2 – Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples

# Instrument Similarities and Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use/Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated, immunoassay analyzer designed toperform in vitro diagnostic tests on clinicalspecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principles of AssayOperation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescence using magnetic-particle solidphase and chemiluminescent label</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Random Access and Batch</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Random Access,Batch,STAT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throughput Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 to 240 tests/hr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 180 tests/hr</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Optical System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PMT used in photon counting mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Processing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample scheduling optimized for throughput;continuous operation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Container</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample cups or primary tubes may be used</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dispense System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated pipetting of samples using precisionsyringe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, plasma, urine, whole blood hemolysate,amniotic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 to 200 μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 to 200 μl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 point user run calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capability to dilute controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Assay Similarities and Differences   
10. Test Principle   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use/Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitativedetermination of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH,thyrotropin) in serum and plasma using the ADVIACentaur XP system.A thyroid stimulating hormone test system is adevice intended to measure thyroid stimulatinghormone, also known as thyrotrophin andthyrotrophic hormone, in serum and plasma.Measurements of thyroid stimulating hormoneproduced by the anterior pituitary are used in thediagnosis of thyroid or pituitary disorders.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro chemiluminescentimmunoassay in the quantitativedetermination of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) inhuman serum using theMAGLUMI 2000 fully- autochemiluminescenceimmunoassay system. Themeasurement of TSH is used inthe diagnosis of thyroiddisorders. The Maglumi 2000system is intended forprescription use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum , heparinized plasma, EDTA plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thyroid-stimulating hormone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich chemiluminescent immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonal murine anti-TSH antibody BSAconjugate labeled with acridinium ester (AE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>anti-TSH monoclonalantibody labeled with ABEI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capture Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-fluorescein labeled (FITC) monoclonal murineanti-TSH antibody covalently bound toparamagnetic particles (PMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>anti-TSH monoclonalantibody bound to magneticmicrobeads</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 μIU/ml − 150 μIU/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02μIU/ml-91.78 μIU/ml(0.02mIU/L-91.78mIU/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Point</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized TSH-Ultra low and high Calibrators, 2levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low and high Calibrators, 2levels, ready for use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibratorspackaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Provided with reagent kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr></table>

The MAGLUMI TSH assay is a sandwich chemiluminescence immunoassay. The sample (or calibrator/control, if applicable), magnetic particles coated with anti-TSH monoclonal antibody, buffer and ABEI labeled with another monoclonal antibody are mixed thoroughly and incubated at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , forming sandwich of immuno-complexes. After precipitation in a magnetic field, the supernatant is decanted and then a wash cycle is performed. Subsequently, the starters are added to initiate a chemiluminescent reaction. The light signal is measured by a photomultiplier within 3 seconds as relative light units (RLUs), which is indicative of TSH concentration present in samples, calibrators or controls.

11. Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a. Precision The precision was determined using the CLSI EP5-A2 protocol as a guide. The study was conducted on three different instruments with four controls, two calibrators, six spiked patient serum pools and four native patient sample pools. The data was collected over 20 days in duplicate with 2 runs per day with a total of 80 samples analyzed per level on each instrument. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(N=240)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.73%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0059</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.696%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.04%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.718%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.12%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.546</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.277</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.23%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.57%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.066</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.008%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.368</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.62%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.961</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.711</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.354</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2836</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.579%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.843</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.38%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.86%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator high</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.372</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.61%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.363</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.411</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.080%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.89%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.257</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.82%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.296%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.067</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.37%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Poo2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.56%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.447%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.880</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.56%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.490%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.54%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.24%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.788</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.09%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.533</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.07%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.309</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.371</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.69%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.14%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.83%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native patientsample pool 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.33%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.08%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.73%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.02%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native patientsample pool 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.222%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.81%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.067</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.89%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native patientsample pool 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.992%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.079%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.907%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native patientsample pool 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.401%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.960%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.723%</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity

The linearity of the MAGLUMI TSH method was determined following the CLSI EP6- A procedure.Two samples were identified having TSH concentrations covering the reportable range. A series of intermediate serum samples were prepared by diluting the high level sample $( 1 0 5 \mu \mathrm { I U / m L } )$ ) with the low level sample $\mathrm { ( 0 \mu I U / m L ) }$ . The obtained results are shown in the following tables.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed (μIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected (μIU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99524L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4896</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9524L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.983</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.691</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.652</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.785</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.555</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.278</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.218</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.807</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr></table>

The assay are linear between 0.02 and $9 1 . 7 8 \mu \mathrm { I U / m L }$ with the following relationship: Observed $= 1 . 0 0 0 1$ (Expected) $+ 0 . 0 4 7 4$ , $\mathbb { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 9 0$

c. Stability and Traceability

The standardization of the MAGLUMI TSH method is traceable to the WHO international standard for human TSH (IRP 81/565).

All TSH controls are traceable to the WHO international standard for human TSH (IRP 81/565). All TSH calibrators are traceable to the WHO international standard for human TSH (IRP 81/565). Accelerated stability study at $3 7 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ showed that all controls are stable for 12 months at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ . Accelerated stability study at $3 7 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ showed all that calibrators are stable for 12 months at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ . Shelf life stability experiments showed that the reagent is stable for 12 months at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ .

Open kit is stable for four weeks at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ .

d. Detection Limit

Detection limit studies were performed following CLSI EP17-A guidelines. The following values for the test have been verified.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001 μIU/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006 μIU/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01 μIU/ml</td></tr></table>

Hook effect: The test was not found susceptible to hook effect as it would display signal increases with increasing TSH concentration. No hook effect was observed at TSH concentrations up to $3 0 0 0 \mu \mathrm { I U / m L }$

e. Interference

Clinical serum samples may contain substances that could potentially interfere with the test. The following compounds were added to human serum samples with a low TSH concentration and a high TSH concentration. None of the serum samples showed any deviation from the expected results. No interference was observed for these compounds at the levels indicated below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum TSHConcentrations (μIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferenceSubstance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 and 5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 and 5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 and 5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 and 6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 and 6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspirin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 and 6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 and 6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugate bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 and 6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 and 6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124 IU/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>human anti-mouse antibodies(HAMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13 and 4.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 and 6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5 mg/ml</td></tr></table>

# f. Specificity

Human serum samples with various TSH concentrations were spiked with potential cross reactants FSH, LH, and hCG dissolved in PBS with $1 \%$ BSA and tested in MAGLUMI TSH system. Controls were prepared by spiking samples with equal volumes of the PBS-BSA solution used in dissolving the FSH, LH, and hCG. The concentrations of spiked and control samples were recorded, and the cross reactivity were calculated. Less than $2 \%$ cross-reactivity was found for hCG, FSH, and LH at $2 0 0 \mathrm { \ : I U / m l }$ , $1 5 0 0 \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ and $6 0 0 \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ respectively.

# 2. Comparison Studies

Patient serum samples $\mathrm { ( n { = } } 3 3 7$ ) with TSH values ranging from $0 . 0 2 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 9 1 . 7 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { I U / m L }$ were collected and evaluated. Linear regression was used to correlate the MAGLUMI TSH assay to the ADVIACENTAUR TSH assay.The results yielded the following linear regression equation:

3. Expected values/Reference range:

A total of 126 serum samples from normal, apparently healthy adult (22 years and older) individuals were tested according to the procedure in CLSI C28-A3. The expected normal range is $0 . 6 5 8 - 4 . 8 6 4 \mu \mathrm { { I U / m L } }$ based on the central $9 5 \%$ of the frequency distribution.

12. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, interference, specificity and method comparison of the device, it is concluded that the MAGLUMI 2000 TSH is substantially equivalent to the predicate.