TAIDOC TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION PAUL LIU, REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST B1-7F, NO. 127, WUGONG 2ND RD., WUGU DISTRICT NEW TAIPEI CITY 24888, TAIWAN

Re: K162382 Trade/Device Name: Smart Dongle Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, LFR, JQP Dated: February 23, 2017 Received: February 27, 2017

Dear Paul Liu:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.for Kellie B Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k162382

Device Name Smart Dongle Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

The Assigned 510(k) number is: K162382

# 1. Submitter Information

Company Name: TaiDoc Technology Corporation   
Contact Person: Paul Liu   
Title: Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Address: B1-7F, No. 127, Wugong 2nd Rd., Wugu District, New Taipei City, 24888, Taiwan   
Phone: +886-2-6625-8188   
Fax: +886-2-6625-0288   
E-mail: paul@taidoc.com.tw   
Prepared Date: Apr. 11th, 2016

# 2. Device name:

Proprietary Name: Smart Dongle Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Common Name: Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Product Code: NBW, Blood Glucose Test System, Over-the-Counter LFR, Glucose Dehydrogenase JQP, Calculator/Data Processing Module   
Classification Panel: Clinical chemistry   
Classification: Class II Class I, exempt   
Regulation Citation: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 2 1 0 0 $

# 3. Predicate Device

U-RIGHT TD-4279 blood glucose monitoring system (k101509)

# 4. Intended Use

The Smart Dongle Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of the Smart Dongle meter, single use Smart Dongle test strips, and the Smart Dongle mobile application as the display component of the Smart Dongle Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The Smart Dongle Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger. This blood glucose monitoring system is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. Smart Dongle Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. This system should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, nor for use on neonates.

# 5. Device Description:

The system consists of blood glucose meter, test strips and mobile platform (as a display of the system). And, the blood glucose meter is compatible to iPhone series, including iPhone 4, iPhone 4s, iPhone 5, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 plus, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus. These products have been designed, tested, and proven to work together as a system to produce accurate blood glucose test results. Smart Dongle Blood Glucose Test Strips can be used only with the Smart Dongle Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

# 6. Comparison to the Predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brand Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Smart Dongle Blood GlucoseMonitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">U-RIGHT TD-4279 blood glucosemonitoring system (k101509)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In the quantitative measurement ofglucose in fresh capillary whole bloodfrom the finger</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In the quantitative measurement ofglucose in fresh capillary and venouswhole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose dehydrogenase biosensor</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary finger stick</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary finger stick and Venouswhole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1 uL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 % - 70 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 sec</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Code strip</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating conditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10  - 40 C, 10% - 85% R.H.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Powered by mobile platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two AAA batteries</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Displayed on mobile platform:iPhone 4, iPhone 4s, iPhone 5, iPhone 5s,iPhone 6, iPhone 6 plus, iPhone 6s,iPhone 6s plus and iPod touch 5thgeneration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCD display</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results stored in the mobile platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results stored in the device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data transmission</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Headphone port jack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data cable</td></tr></table>

# 7. Test Principle:

The blood glucose is based on the measurement of electrical current generated by the reaction of glucose with the reagent of the strip. The meter utilizes the current signal to calculate the blood glucose level.

# 8. Performance Characteristics:

Clinical and non-clinical studies were conducted to tested, verified and validated with respect to the predicate device to establish the performance of the Smart Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The data demonstrates that the Smart Dongle Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

# Accuracy

Results for glucose concentration $< 7 5 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within 5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within 10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within 15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42% (21/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98% (49/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (50/50)</td></tr></table>

Results for glucose concentration $\geq 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within 10 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within 15 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within 20 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/110 (51.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105/110 (95.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110/110 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110/110 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# Precision

Intermediate precision

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control solutions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>335.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.38%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.13%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.01%</td></tr></table>

Repeatability   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.39%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.23%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.09%</td></tr></table>

# 9. Conclusion:

Based on the information provided in this submission, the Smart Dongle Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate (k101509).