SIEMENS HEALTHCARE DIAGNOSTICS   
SUSAN FERRIN   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS CLINICAL SPECIALIST   
333 CONEY STREET   
E. WALPOLE, MA 02032

Re: K162538 Trade/Device Name: ADVIA Centaur Insulin (IRI) Master Curve Material (MCM) ADVIA Centaur (IRI) Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIT, JJX Dated: October $1 7 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ , 2016 Received: October $1 8 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ , 2016

Dear Ms. Ferrin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name ADVIA Centau $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Insulin (IRI) M aster Curve Material (MCM ) ADVIA Centau $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Insulin (IRI) Calibrator

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The ADVIA Centaur $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Insulin (IRI) Master Curve Material (MCM) is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVIA Centaur $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Insuin assay.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# SIEMENS

# 510(k) Summary

A summary of information in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 is provided below.

The assigned 510(k) Number

K162538

Applicant Information Mailing Address:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc.

333 Coney Street East Walpole, MA 02032

Contact Person:

Susan Ferrin

Phone Number: Fax Number: E-mail Address: Date Prepared:

508-660-4487   
508-660-4591   
susan.ferrin@siemens.com   
November 16, 2016

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Device Information Trade/Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan="2">ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Master Curve Material (MCM)</td><td rowspan="2">ADVIA Centaur® Insulin</td></tr><tr><td>(IRI) Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td>Common/Usual Name</td><td>Assay verification material</td><td>Calibrator/normalizer</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Section</td><td>21 CFR 862.1660</td><td>21 CFR 862.1150</td></tr><tr><td>Classification</td><td>Class I Reserved</td><td>Class II</td></tr><tr><td>Products Code</td><td>JJX  Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)</td><td>JIT  Calibrator, Secondary</td></tr><tr><td>Panel</td><td>Clinical Chemistry (75)</td><td>Clinical Chemistry (75)</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate</td><td>ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Master Curve Material (MCM)</td><td>ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) No.</td><td>K142864</td><td>K021535</td></tr><tr><td>Device Description:</td><td>ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Master Curve Material is a set of ten vials of material containing various levels of insulin in buffered saline with casein, potassium thiocyanate (3.89%), sodium azide (&lt;0.1%), and preservatives. Each set contains ten levels (MCM110); ready-to- use 1.0 mL per level. MCM1 contains no analyte. The IRI MCMs assigned values are lot- specific of target values: 0.0, 2.5, 4.5, 10.0, 20.0, 39.0, 79.0, 158, 225, and 330 mU/L.</td><td>ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Calibrator is a set of four vials (two vials of low calibrator and two vials of high calibrator) comprised of buffered saline, with casein, potassium thiocyanate, sodium azide and preservative. Only the high calibrator contains insulin.</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use and Indications for Use</td><td>The ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Master Curve Material is for in vitro diagnostic use in the verification of calibration and reportable range of the ADVIA</td><td>The ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Calibrator is for in vitro diagnostic use in calibrating the ADVIA Centaur® systems Insulin assays.</td></tr><tr><td>Special Conditions for Use Statement(s)</td><td>Centaur® Insulin assay. For prescription use only</td><td>None</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument Requirements:</td><td>ADVIA Centaur® Systems A description of the ADVIA Centaur® system is documented in K971418. Subsequent modifications to the instrument have been reviewed and cleared in K032525 and K041133.</td><td>ADVIA Centaur® Systems A description of the ADVIA Centaur® system is documented in K971418. Subsequent modifications to the instrument have been reviewed and cleared in</td></tr><tr><td>Comparison of Technological Characteristics:</td><td>Summarized in Table 1 below.</td><td>K032525 and K041133. Summarized in Table 2 below.</td></tr></table>

Table 1: ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Master Curve Material   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device -ADVIA Centaur® InsulinMaster Curve Material(MCM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cleared Device -ADVIA CentaurInsulin MasterCurve Material (MCM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI)Master Curve Material is for in vitrodiagnostic use in the verification ofcalibration and reportable range of theADVIA Centaur Insulin assay.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur Systems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffered saline with casein, postassiumthiocyanate, sodium azide andpreservatives</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ingredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Insulin (porcine sourced)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Insulin (human sourced)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0, 2.5, 4.5, 10.0, 20.0, 39.0, 79.0, 158,225, 330 mU/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fill Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf Life/Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 months at 2-8 degrees C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On board Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 hours on board</td></tr></table>

Table 2: ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Calibrator   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceADVIA CentaurInsulinCalibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceADVIA Centaur® Insulin Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI)Calibrator is for in vitro diagnostic usein calibrating the ADVIA Centaur®systems Insulin assays.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur Systems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffered saline with casein, potassiumthiocyanate, sodium azide andpreservatives</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ingredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Insulin (porcine sourced)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Insulin (human sourced)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low: &lt;0.5 mU/L135-165 mU/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fill Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf Life/Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 months at 2-8 degrees C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On board Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 hours</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Design Control Activities

The procedure for risk management activities is based on ISO 14971 (2007), Medical Devices – Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices and the risk analysis method used to assess the impact of the device modification was a Failure Modes and Effects Analysis. The following performance characteristics of the devices were considered for potential hazards: Shelf Life (closed vial) and Shelf Life (onboard). Verification testing was conducted and results show that the modified devices meet pre-determined acceptance criteria. Additionally, a method comparison study demonstrates that human clinical sample results are equivalent with both calibrators (modified and unmodified) using different antigen sources (human and porcine). The modification does not negatively impact the performance of the devices or the safety and effectiveness of the devices.

# Conclusion

The modified ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Master Curve Material (MCM) and ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Calibrator devices are substantially equivalent to the currently marketed ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Master Curve Material (MCM) and ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Calibrator. Based on the testing completed and the comparisons with predicate device, the ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Master Curve Material (MCM) and ADVIA Centaur® Insulin (IRI) Calibrator devices do not raise any new questions on safety and effectiveness and the results support a determination of substantial equivalence.