Velano Vascular   
Tiffini Diage, MPH   
Consulting Director of Regulatory Affairs   
1756 Fillmore Street   
San Francisco, California 94115

Re: K163508 Trade/Device Name: PIVO™ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JKA Dated: January 11, 2017 Received: January 12, 2017

Dear Ms. Tiffini Diage:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Page 2 - Ms. Tiffini Diage

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical devicerelated adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Tina Kiang, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Anesthesiology, General Hospital, Respiratory, Infection Control, and Dental Devices   
Office of Device Evaluation   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K163508</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>PIVOTM</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

<table><tr><td>1756 Fillmore St San Francisco CA 94115</td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person:</td><td colspan="2">Tiffini Diage Consulting Director Regulatory Affairs Phone: 707.799.6732 E-mail: tdiage@raechelon.com</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Name:</td><td colspan="2">PIVOTM</td></tr><tr><td>Common Name:</td><td colspan="2">Blood specimen collection device</td></tr><tr><td>Classification:</td><td colspan="2">Class II</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code:</td><td colspan="2">JKA per 21CFR 862.1675 The subject device is equivalent to the following devices:</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate Device(s): Device Description:</td><td colspan="2">• K152924 - TIVA The PIVOTM device is a sterile, single use device. It is a</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">needle- free blood collection device that attaches to a peripheral IV system (PIV). The device is comprised of an inner tube with a pusher/slider, proximal flexible tube with female luer, outer housing and clip-to-connect distal end. The clip-to-connect attaches to the PIV system. The female luer attaches to a blood transfer device or syringe. The device is then advanced to collect a blood sample. Once complete, the device is retracted and removed from the PIV. The device comes in two sizes compatible with 20 and 22 gage PIV's, respectively.</td></tr><tr><td>Indication for Use:</td><td colspan="2">The PIVOTM device is attached to a peripheral IV catheter for use as a direct blood draw device into a vacuum tube or a syringe.</td></tr><tr><td>Reason For Submission:</td><td colspan="2">Component and material changes were made. The table below identifies the specific changes made.</td></tr><tr><td>Technological Characteristics:</td><td colspan="2">The PIVO device attaches to a PIV system via a clip-to-connect attachment. This was previously a twist on attachment. Once attached a pusher / slider (previously was a plunger style) is moved forward and advances the inner tube into the PIV system. The inner tube in the predicate design was PEEK or nylon and has been changed to polyimide for both sizes.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>PIVO (Subject Device)</td><td>TIVA (Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number Decision Date</td><td>To be determined</td><td>K152924</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Velano Vascular, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JKA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JKA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1675</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TIVATM device is attached to aperipheral IV catheter for use as adirect blood draw device into avacuum tube or a syringe.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venous blood drawing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patient Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Separately placed commerciallyavailable peripheral IV catheter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV Attachment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clip-to-Connect</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Male Luer Connection</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood CollectionAttachment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Female Luer to Blood TransferDevice or Syringe</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood ControlMechanism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cap on female luer and clamp onflexible tubing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Materials</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tubing Proximal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PebaxTransparentFlexible</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tubing Distal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyimide (20G &amp; 22G)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PEEK (22G)Nylon (20G)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Performance Specifications</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible PIV Sizes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14G - 22G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inner Tubing Length</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.85"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.99"</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Outer Diameter (OD) ofTTubing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20G = 0.0275"22G = 0.0210"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20G = 0.0275"22G = 0.0215"</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inner Diameter (ID) ofTubing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20G = 0.0205"22G = 0.0156"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20G = 0.0220"22G = 0.0180"</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample collection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device attaches to female luer of PIVsystem, tube inserted into PIV, bloodis drawn through tube into a bloodtransfer device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Complete Retraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterilization Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gamma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Use Only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Performance Testing: • • • • Summary of Substantial</td><td>Based on the identified risks additional testing was performed. As a result of verification and validation activities and risk assessment, testing ensured the device design meets its functional and performance requirements. The following tests were performed: Clamp functional testing Leak testing Dimensional testing Joint strength testing Performance testing Flow rate testing Biocompatibility testing per ISO 10993-1 ISO 10993-4 • ISO 10993-5 • ISO 10993-10 • ISO 10993-11</td></tr><tr><td>Equivalence:</td><td>The changes made to the previously cleared TIVA (now called PIVOTM) device does not raise new questions regarding safety and efficacy of the device. PIVO is equivalent to the predicate device. This conclusion is based upon the devices&#x27; identical indications for use, principles of operation, fundamental scientific technology, and performance specifications. The changes made were tested using the same acceptance criteria as the predicate device and provide objective evidence that there are</td></tr></table>