Re: K163053 Trade/Device Name: Lumipulse $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ G E2-III Calibrators Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIT Dated: October 31, 2016 Received: November 1, 2016

Dear Stacey Dolan:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Section 5

# 510(k) SUMMARY

Lumipulse® G E2-III Calibrators

Date: November 23, 2016

# Submitter:

Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. 201 Great Valley Parkway Malvern, PA 19355

# Contact Person:

Stacey Dolan Manager, Regulatory Affairs Phone: (610) 240-3843 Fax: (610) 240-3803 Email: dolans@fdi.com

Device Name: Common Name: Classification:

Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrators   
Estradiol   
Class II   
JIT   
75, Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1150

Predicate Device:

k142021 Roche Diagnostics Elecsys Estradiol III CalSet

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Device Description:

The Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 } .$ -III Calibrator kit contains 3 bottles ( $1 . 5 \mathsf { m l }$ each) of Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrators 1, 2 and 3. Calibrators 1 – 3 contain estradiol in 0.15M sodium chloride in Tris buffer with protein stabilizer (bovine). Preservative: sodium azide.

# Lumipulse G E2-III Calibrators CAL 233849, Liquid 1x3 concentrations

Each calibrator kit contains one bottle each of Calibrators 1 – 3. The calibrator kit is packaged separately.

CAL 1 E2 calibrator 1 $( 1 \times 1 . 5 \mathrm { m L } )$   
CAL 2 $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ calibrator 2 $( 1 \times 1 . 5 \mathrm { m L } )$   
CAL 3 $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ calibrator 3 $( 1 \times 1 . 5 \mathsf { m L } )$

\*Contains 0.15 M sodium chloride in Tris buffer with protein stabilizer (bovine).

The calibrator values vary for each lot. The actual values are printed on the calibration card included in the kit.

# Device Intended Use:

Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrators are for in vitro diagnostic use in the calibration of Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 ^ { - } }$ III on the LUMIPULSE® $\pmb { G }$ System.

# Device Indications for Use:

Same as Intended Use

Substantial Equivalence:

Comparison between the Lumipulse $\underline { { \pmb { G } } } \mathtt { E } _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrators and Elecsys Estradiol III CalSet   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lumipulse GE2-IlII Calibrators(Proposed Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Estradiol IIICalSet (Predicate Device)k142021</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lumipulse G E2-IIl Calibrators arefor in vitro diagnostic use in thecalibration of Lumipulse G E2-III(Estradiol) on the LUMIPULSE® GSystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estradiol III CalSet is usedfor calibrating thequantitative ElecsysEstradiol III assay on theElecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LUMIPULSE® G System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys and cobas e</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estradiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tris buffer with bovine stabilizer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 levels19 - 2000 pg/mLConcentrations are lot specific</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels20 - 2000 pg/mLConcentrations are lotspecific</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization/Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The calibrators for use withLumipulse G E2-Ill are preparedgravimetrically and are traceableto BCR-577 by IRMM (Institute forReference Materials andMeasurements) and verifiedagainst ID-GC/MS.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys Estradiol IIIassay has beenstandardized against CRM6004a via ID-GC/MS(isotope dilution-gaschromatography/massspectrometry)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2 - 10C until expirationdate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2 - 8C untilexpiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid; ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

Data were generated using the LUMIPULSE® G1200 System.

1. Analytical performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility: Not applicable.

b. Linearity/assay reportable range: Not applicable.

c. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods):

# Traceability

The calibrators for use with Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III are prepared gravimetrically and are traceable to BCR-577 by IRMM (Institute for Reference Materials and Measurements) and verified against ID-GC/MS.

# Value Assignment

The $2 0 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m L } }$ Calibrator (CAL3), the $0 \ : \mathsf { p g } / \mathsf { m L }$ Calibrator (CAL1) and the Calibrator2 (approximately $5 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m L } } )$ are prepared by the following method. Teritary calibrator used ESTRADIOL from Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Regulatory Science Society of Japan. The $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ solution is prepared by dissolving ESTRADIOL in ethanol. The $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ 1st stock solution is prepared by spiking the $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ solution into 2-amino-2-hydroxymethyl-1,3- propandiol-based buffer. A $2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ stock solution (working stock solution) is prepared by spiking the $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ $1 ^ { \mathsf { s t } }$ stock solution into 2-amino-2-hydroxymethyl-1,3-propandiol-based buffer.CAL3 is prepared gravimetrically from the working stock solution to achieve the desired value $2 0 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m L } }$ , and is rate-matched to the secondary calibrators based on the measurement in the Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -Ⅲ assay and adjusted if necessary. Dilutions are made gravimetrically using one part of CAL3 and 2-amino-2-hydroxymethyl-1,3- propandiol-based buffer to obtain CAL2. CAL3 and CAL1 are rate-matched to the secondary calibrators based on the measurement in the Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -Ⅲ assay and adjusted if necessary. The tertiary calibrators are measured in 10 replicates, 3 runs on LUMIPULSE $\pmb { G }$ instruments. The acceptable rate mean ratio of CAL3 or CAL1 is $0 . 9 5 -$ 1.05. The mean ratio is the mean counts of each tertiary calibrator (10 replicates) to the respective secondary calibrators (10 replicates). For CAL2 value assignment, CAL2 and secondary calibrators are measured in 10 replicates, 3 runs on LUMIPULSE G instruments. The measurement value of CAL2 is calculated from the calibration curve of secondary calibrators in each run using the average of 3 runs for the assigned value. The acceptable value of CAL2 is $- 2 0 \% - + 2 0 \%$ range of $5 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m L }$ , see table below.

Calibrator 2 is value assigned and therefore values vary for each lot. The actual values are printed on the calibration card included in the kit.

Target values and target ranges for Calibrator 2 are listed in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Values (pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range (pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40-60</td></tr></table>

Calibrators 1 and 3 are rate matched and have assigned values of $0 \ : \mathsf { p g } / \mathsf { m L }$ for Calibrator 1 and $2 0 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m L } }$ for Calibrator 3. The level of uncertainty around Calibrator 3 is $5 \%$ .

# Stability

1. Studies conducted at Fujirebio, Inc. (Tokyo, Japan)

# 1.1 Shelf-life stability

The shelf-life stability data were obtained on the LUMIPULSE G1200 System by measuring the Lumipulse $\pmb { G } \in _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrators (3 Lots) and samples in replicates of 2 using Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III Immunoreaction Cartridges (3 Lots) that were stored at $1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ after 0, 1, 2, 4, 6, 9, 10, 13, 16 and 19 months. Sensitivity, accuracy and reproducibility were calculated.

# Sensitivity

Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrator 1 and Lumipulse $\pmb { G } \in _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrator 3 were measured in duplicate at each test point and the luminescence ratio (Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrator $1 / \ l$ Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrator 3) were calculated. The results met the criterion of the ratio of $\geq 1 0$ .

# Accuracy

3 serum samples ranged $( 2 1 5 . 9 - 1 5 3 0 . 2 \mathsf { p g } / \mathsf { m L } )$ were tested in replicates of 6, measurements at each time point and the variation of ratios against the assigned values were calculated. The results met the criterion within $\pm 2 0 \%$ for each replicate.

# Reproducibility

3 serum samples ranged $( 2 1 5 . 9 - 1 5 3 0 . 2 \mathsf { p g } / \mathsf { m L } )$ were tested in replicates of 6 measurements and CVs of measured values at each time point were calculated. The results met the criterion of $10 \%$ CV or less for each sample.

The results of sensitivity, accuracy and reproducibility confirmed that all long-term stability performance up to 18 months met the criteria. Therefore, the shelf life of the Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrators stored at $2 { \cdot } 1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ for 19 months was confirmed.

# Shelf life

The shelf life for Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrators is 18 months at $2 { - } 1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$

# 1.2 Transport Simulation

The transport simulation stability of the Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 } .$ -III Calibrators that are packed for overseas transportation was examined in terms of temperature.

For the temperature test, the calibrators were stored in the following condition: $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ $4 8 \pm 2$ hours $ - 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ $4 8 { \pm } 2$ hours $ 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ $9 6 { \pm } 4$ hours $ 4 ^ { \circ } C$ $^ { 2 4 \pm 2 }$ hours. To determine the impact of temperature on the Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrators, a performance analysis was conducted.

The performance analysis calculated sensitivity and accuracy. For sensitivity, the luminescence ratio ( $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ calibrator $1 / E _ { 2 }$ calibrator 6) was calculated. The criterion was a ratio greater than or equal to10. For accuracy, the variation for each calibrator was

calculated using the ratio of the measured values $( n = 1$ ) against the assigned values.   
The criterion was ratios within $10 0 { \pm } 2 0 \%$ .

The luminescence ratio was 38-39 and met the criteria of $\geq 1 0$ . The accuracy ranged from 98- $109 \%$ and met the criteria of $100 { \pm } 2 0 \%$ .

The results of the performance analysis confirmed that all stability criteria for transport simulation tests were met. Therefore, the temperature stress used in the test had no impact on the Lumipulse $\pmb { G } \in _ { 2 }$ -III.

2. Studies conducted at Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. (Malvern, PA)

# 2.1 Real Time (Intended Storage) Stability

Real-time (Intended Storage) stability is being evaluated as follows: In the on-going real-time stability study, the Lumipulse $\pmb { G } \in _ { 2 }$ -III calibrators are stored at $2 { \cdot } 1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ . The $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III calibrators are tested in duplicate at specified intervals over the shelf life of the device up to the planned shelf life plus one month (19 months).

Real-time intended storage stability is calculated based on the percent difference for the panels at each time point when compared to the value received at Time Point 0 (study initiation).

The testing will continue with this stability protocol until data to support a claim of 18 months is achieved.

# 2.2 Transport Simulation Stability Study

Transport simulation of the Lumipulse $\pmb { G } \in _ { 2 } .$ -III calibrators was examined in terms of temperature. For the temperature test, the calibrators were stored in the following condition: $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } 2 4 \pm 2$ hours $ 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } 2 4 { \pm } 2$ hours $ - 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ $_ { 2 4 \pm 2 }$ hours $ 6 ^ { \circ } C$ $2 4 \pm 2$ hours. To determine the impact of temperature on the Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrators, a performance analysis was conducted.

After each stress condition, all Lumipulse $\pmb { G } \in _ { 2 }$ -III ICs and Lumipulse $\pmb { G } \in _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrators were moved to the next cycle temperature. After all cycles were complete, a visual inspection was performed and the Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III calibrators were stored at the intended storage condition of $2 - 1 0 \%$ . Stressed Lumipulse $\pmb { G } \in _ { 2 }$ -III IC’s and Calibrators were tested within 3 calendar days after the completion of all cycles. Calibrators were tested in duplicate, controls in replicates of 1 and panels in replicates of 3.

Study Initiation was the first time point for testing; therefore no percent difference was calculated for the panel set as there were no other time points to compare against. This stability study is still ongoing.

# Transport Conditions

Lumipulse G $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III Calibrators are shipped at $2 { \cdot } 1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ .

# 2.3 Open-vial (In-Use) Stability

Open-vial (In-use) stability is being evaluated as follows:

In the on-going open-vial stability study (included in the real-time stability study), the Lumipulse $\pmb { G } \in _ { 2 }$ -III calibrators are stored at $2 { - } 1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ and all 3 calibrators were opened and closed at the start of the study (Time Point). The $\mathsf { E } _ { 2 }$ -III calibrators are tested in duplicate at specified intervals over the shelf life of the device up to the planned shelf life plus one month (19 months).

Open-vial (in-use) stability is calculated based on the percent difference for the panels at each time point when compared to the value received at Time Point 0 (study initiation).

For all 3 lots, Time Point 2 (Month 6) was the second time point for testing. At this time, the Lumipulse G E2-III immunoreaction cartridges and calibrators were determined to be stable at the intended storage conditions for up to 6 Months for all 3 lots. This stability study is still ongoing.

The testing will continue with this stability protocol until data to support a claim of 18 months is achieved.

d. Detection limit: Not applicable.

e. Analytical specificity: Not applicable.

f. Assay cut-off: Not applicable.

2. Comparison studies:

a. Method Comparison   
Not applicable.   
b. Method Comparison   
Not applicable.   
c. Matrix Comparison   
Not applicable.

3. Clinical studies:

a. Clinical sensitivity:   
Not applicable   
b. Clinical specificity:   
Not applicable

c. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable): Not applicable

4. Clinical cut-off: Not applicable.

5. Expected values/Reference range: Not applicable.

# Proposed Labeling

The labeling satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced:

ISO 17511:2003 Measurement of Quantities in Biological Samples - Metrological   
Traceability of Values Assigned to Calibrator and Control Materials   
CLSI EP25-A – Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents: Approved Guideline   
Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff - eCopy Program for Medical   
Device Submissions (December 3, 2015)   
Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff - Refuse to Accept Policy for   
510(k)s (August 4, 2015)   
Guidance Document - Guidance for Industry - Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro   
Diagnostic Calibrators; Final

# Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.