Re: K163652 Trade/Device Name: ePlex Instrument Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.2570 Regulation Name: Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NSU Dated: May 8, 2017 Received: May 9, 2017

Dear Dr. Maderazo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Stephen J. Lovell -S for

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K163652

Device Name ePlex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Instrument

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# k163652

# 510(k) Summary

Summary of Information to Support Substantial Equivalence to Predicate Device

# Submitter Information

Submitter: GenMark Diagnostics, Incorporated 5964 La Place Court Carlsbad, CA 92008

Manufacturer: GenMark Diagnostics, Incorporated 5964 La Place Court Carlsbad, CA 92008

Establishment Registration Number: 3008632402

Contact: Alan Maderazo, Ph.D., RAC Vice President, Quality, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs   
Phone: 760-448-4308   
Fax: 760-683-6961   
E-mail: Al.Maderazo@genmarkdx.com   
Alternate Contact: Joseph McMullen Consultant, Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: 760-410-5052   
Fax: 760-683-6961   
E-mail: Joseph.McMullen@genmarkdx.com   
Date Prepared: December 21, 2016

# Name of Device and Classification

Product Name: ePlex® Instrument Device Classification: 862.2570, Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems, Class II Product Code: NSU, Instrumentation for Clinical Multiplex Test Systems.

# Predicate Device

Predicate: BioFire Diagnostics FilmArray 2.0

# Device Description

The ePlex® Instrument is used to run single-use assay cartridges that incorporate digital microfluidics and GenMark’s eSensor® detection technology (used by products that are currently FDA-cleared; K073720 and K090901) to automate all aspects of nucleic acid testing. The ePlex Instrument is designed to: provide a nucleic acid amplification testing solution directly from various sample types, provide random access testing capability, and require minimal operator interaction.

The ePlex Instrument includes the following components:

Base: A touchscreen graphical user interface (GUI) powered by a PC with a Windows Operating System 7. The base communicates with the bays to transfer data. The instrument software installed on the ePlex base processes the raw data generated by the individual bays and determines the test result.   
Tower: A chassis housing six bays. ePlex is scalable from one to four towers connected to either side of the base. Bay: 6 bays are housed in each tower. Each bay will accept cartridges independent of the testing status of the other bays allowing for random access testing. Each bay has an Ethernet port for communication with the base unit to receive user inputs and deliver test data to the ePlex Instrument software.

The touchscreen graphical user interface (GUI) is flanked on either side by a tower with six bays containing a slot for the cartridge and an LED to indicate bay status (in-use or available for use). The instrument is designed to be scalable with configurations to accommodate a single tower with 6 bays or up to four towers with 24 bays.

The ePlex system is used to run multiplex microarray-based assays developed by GenMark. This type of assay is based on the principles of competitive nucleic acid hybridization using a sandwich assay format, wherein a single-stranded target binds concurrently to a sequencespecific solution-phase signal probe and a solid-phase electrode-bound capture probe. The test employs nucleic acid extraction, target amplification via polymerase chain reaction (PCR) or reverse transcription PCR (RT-PCR) and hybridization of target DNA. In the process, the double-stranded PCR amplicons are digested with exonuclease to generate single-stranded DNA suitable for hybridization.

Nucleic acid extraction from biological samples occurs within the cartridge via cell lysis, nucleic acid capture onto magnetic beads, and release for amplification. The nucleic acid extraction is processed through microfluidic liquid handling. Once the nucleic acid targets are captured and inhibitors are washed away, the magnetic particles are delivered to the electrowetting environment on the printed circuit board (PCB) and the targets are eluted from the particles and amplified.

During hybridization, the single-stranded target DNA binds to a complementary, singlestranded capture probe immobilized on the working gold electrode surface. Single-stranded signal probes (labeled with electrochemically active ferrocenes) bind to specific target sequence / region adjacent to the capture probe. Simultaneous hybridization of target to signal probes and capture probe is detected by alternating current voltammetry (ACV). Each working electrode on the array contains specific capture probes, and sequential analysis of each electrode allows detection of multiple analyte targets.

# Intended Use/Indications for Use

The ePlex Instrument is an automated in vitro diagnostic (IVD) device designed to perform multiplexed nucleic acid tests for the simultaneous detection and identification of nucleic acid targets by processing single-use cartridges developed and manufactured by GenMark Diagnostics, Inc.

# Summary of Technological Characteristics of the Device Compared to the Predicate Device

The GenMark ePlex Instrument (“Subject Device”) and the legally marketed device, BioFire FilmArray 2.0 (“Predicate Device”) are described below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ePlex Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray 2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenMark Diagnostics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.2570Instrumentation for clinical multiplextest systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.2570Instrumentation for clinical multiplextest systems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSU: Instrumentation for ClinicalMultiplex Test Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSU: Instrumentation for ClinicalMultiplex Test Systems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ePlex Instrument is an automatedin vitro diagnostic (IVD) devicedesigned to perform multiplexednucleic acid tests for the simultaneousdetection and identification of nucleicacid targets by processing single-usecartridges developed andmanufactured by GenMarkDiagnostics, Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FilmArray 2.0 is an automated invitro diagnostic (IVD) device designedfor use with FilmArray panels. TheFilmArray 2.0 is intended for use incombination with assay specificreagent pouches to detect multiplenucleic acid targets contained inclinical specimens. The FilmArray 2.0instrument interacts with the reagentpouch to both purify nucleic acids andamplify targeted nucleic acidsequences using nested multiplex PCRin a closed system. The resulting PCRproducts are evaluated using DNAmelting analysis. The softwareautomatically determines the resultsand provides a test report.The FilmArray 2.0 is composed of oneto eight instruments connected to acomputer running FilmArray 2.0software, which controls the functionof each instrument and collects,analyzes, and stores data generated byeach instrument.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For use with FDA cleared GenMarkdeveloped panels includingRespiratory Panel (RP).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For use with FDA cleared FilmArraypanels:Respiratory Panel (RP)Blood Culture Identification (BCID)Panel Gastrointestinal (GI) Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProtocolProcessing Steps</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cell disruption, nucleic acidextraction, RT-PCR, single strandingand signal detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cell disruption, nucleic acid extraction,PCR1 thermocycling, PCR2thermocycling, DNA melt and signaldetection.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 90 minutes (dependson ePlex assay cartridge)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 1 hour per sample</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex nucleic acid amplification(including reverse transcription asappropriate) utilizing GenMarkproprietary electrowetting technology,followed by detection of analytetargets utilizing GenMark proprietaryeSensor® technology.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nested multiplex nucleic acidamplification (including reversetranscription as appropriate) followedby high-resolution melting analysis toconfirm the identity of the amplifiedproduct.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RequiredAccessory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenMark ePlex Cartridge (akaconsumable" or "assay cartridge"),and barcode scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray Reagent Pouch</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePreparationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimal sample processing andhands-on time.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimal sample processing and hands-on time.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestInterpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated test interpretation andreport generation. User cannot access</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated test interpretation andreport generation. User cannot accessraw data. Report can be printed.</td></tr><tr><td>and Results Reporting</td><td>raw data. Report can be printed, exported or sent to an LIS.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>User Interface</td><td>Touch-screen base unit with integrated PC on a Windows operating system.</td><td>FilmArray unit(s) plugged into a standalone PC operated on a Windows operating system.</td></tr><tr><td>User Complexity</td><td>Moderate</td><td>Moderate</td></tr><tr><td>Detection Procedure</td><td>Cyclic voltammetry on custom PCB</td><td>Complimentary metal-oxide semiconductor (CMOS) camera Hard-coated filters.</td></tr><tr><td>Detection Chemistries</td><td>Complimentary nucleic acid binding with ferrocene labeled probes</td><td>Melt curve analysis. Fluorescent imaging of PCR reactions. Communication travels via Ethernet</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument- Software Communication</td><td>Communication travels via Ethernet cable/port.</td><td>cable/port. Communication for multiple instruments mediated by a multi-port switch.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Device Configuration</td><td>A base unit containing an integrated PC; with onscreen key board and touch screen operation, and detachable barcode scanner and magnetic arm rest. Designed to support external keyboard and mouse.</td><td>Up to eight FilmArray 2.0 instruments to one computer with mouse, barcode scanner and pouch loading station.</td></tr><tr><td>System is configurable with 1 to 4 towers; each tower contains 6 bays. Towers are attached to the left and</td><td>Single-sample test capacity per instrument with random-access multi- sample test capacity per system.</td></tr><tr><td>right sides of the base, a maximum of 2 towers may be attached to each side. Printer provided with System and</td><td>Printer Provided with System. Interlocking two-instrument racks available to stack instruments and</td></tr><tr><td>optional Universal Power Supply (UPS) offered.</td><td>reduce system footprint. (Optional) Instrument held at 0° angle when no</td></tr><tr><td>Each bay has single-sample test capacity. Random-access multi-sample test capacity per system.</td><td>rack is used. Instrument held at 15° angle on the rack.</td></tr></table>

Analysis of the similarities and differences indicate that the devices are substantially equivalent in their intended uses/indications for use, and are generally the same regarding user process, ease of use and general operator protocol. Comparison of technological similarities and differences between the proposed device and the predicate do not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness, and therefore render the proposed device as substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Comparison of device performance characteristics will be included in each respective GenMark assay $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ .

# Summary of Performance Data

Performance of the ePlex Instrument was evaluated in a reproducibility study using the GenMark ePlex Respiratory Pathogen (RP) Panel. GenMark will submit a traditional 510(k) for the ePlex RP Panel that will be used with the ePlex Instrument. Complete non-clinical and clinical performance data will be included in the traditional 510(k) for the ePlex RP Panel. The reproducibility study utilized samples prepared as a panel at moderate ( $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD), low (1x LoD) and negative. The study was conducted at three separate testing sites with different ePlex instruments, by multiple operators performing runs over several days. Run validity, agreement, and variability were analyzed. Acceptance criteria were established in advance of conducting the study and all acceptance criteria were met.