Sol-Millennium Medical, Inc. Mr. James Barley Regulatory Affairs Director 1735 North Brown Road, Suite 120 Lawrenceville, Georgia 30043

Re: K163073 Trade/Device Name: Sol-Care Safety Blood Collection Needle (with and without Preattached Tube Holder) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood specimen collection device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA, FPA Dated: April 10, 2017 Received: April 18, 2017

Dear Mr. James Barley:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Tina Kiang, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Anesthesiology, General Hospital, Respiratory, Infection Control and Dental Devices   
Office of Device Evaluation   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Change Control Table, Change History

# Change Control Table

Page 3 – Mr. James Barley   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Version</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Document Author</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Document Approver</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Approved</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name, Title, Office</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name, Title, Office</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MM/DD/YYYY</td></tr></table>

Complete Change Control Table (all versions) retained in SWIFT Docs.

Device Name Sol-Care Safety Blood Collection Needle(with and without Pre-attached Tube Holder)

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Sol-Millennium Medical

Safety Blood Collection Needle (with and without pre-attached Tube Holder) 510(k)

510(k) Summary

(As required by 21 CFR 807.92(a))

# 510(k) Number K163073

Date Prepared: April 10, 2017

A. Submitter Information Sol-Millennium Medical, Inc. 1735 North Brown Road Suite 120 Lawrenceville, GA 30043 Contact Person: Phone Number:

James Barley 404-973-2200

B. Device Information Trade/Proprietary Name:

Sol-Care Safety Blood Collection Needle (with and without Pre-attached Tube Holder)

Classification Name:

Product Code: Regulatory Class: Classification Number:

JKA, FPA II 862.1675

C. Predicate Device:

Predicate 510(k) #:

K980414

JKA

# Sol-Millennium Medical

Safety Blood Collection Needle (with and without pre-attached Tube Holder) 510(k)

D. Device Description

The Sol-Care Safety Blood Collection Needle Set (Butterfly Needle) is a single-use, sterile, winged blood collection needle that can be used for blood collection and/or the short-term infusion of intravenous fluids. The Butterfly Needle Set is available with a 21, 23 or 25 gauge needle with Butterfly Wings and a Safety Shield with tubing leading to a covered needle assembly and Tube Holder. The product is available with and without the Tube Holder.

The Sol-Care Safety Blood Collection Needle consists of: Stainless steel cannula (Intravenous end and Non-patient end of Cannula) Wings (Color coded according to needles gauge) Tubing Female luer adaptor Intravenous (IV) needle protector (covers the needle before use)

The optional SOL-M™ Blood Collection Tube Holder and SOL-M™ Blood Culture Holder include a male luer adapter for attachment to the Sol-Care Safety Blood Collection Needle.

The Sol-Care Safety Blood Collection Needle has a sharps injury prevention feature. The Butterfly Wing Assembly consists of a needle assembly and a Safety Shield. After use, the health care professional can pull back on the tubing while holding the butterfly wing and the needle will retract and lock into the Safety Shield. In the activated position the needle cover guards against accidental needlesticks during normal handling and disposal.

The devices are sterilized by Ethylene Oxide Gas. The Safety Blood Collection Needle is supplied in a hard Tray Pack while the Safety Blood Collection Needle with a preattached Tube Holder is supplied in a soft Tray Pack. Twenty-Five Safety Blood Collection Needles with a pre-attached Tube Holders are packaged in a chipboard box while fifty Safety Blood Collection Needles are packaged in a chipboard box. Each Tray Pack is labeled with the contents and the appropriate information per the Medical Device Directive and FDA’s Quality System Regulation and Labeling requirements, 21CFR Part 801.

# Sol-Millennium Medical

Safety Blood Collection Needle (with and without pre-attached Tube Holder) 510(k)

E. Statement of Indications for Use

Sol-Care Safety Blood Collection Needle (with and without Pre-attached Tube Holder)

The Sol-Care Safety Blood Collection Needle (with and without Pre-attached Tube Holder) is a single use, sterile, winged blood collection needle to be used for blood collection or short-term infusion (up to 2 hours) of intravenous fluids. The device is designed with a safety mechanism to help reduce the risk of needlestick injury.

F. Comparison of Required Technological Characteristics:

Information was submitted to demonstrate that there are no significant differences in technological characteristics between the Sol-Care Safety Blood Collection Needle and BD Vacutainer Safety Lok Blood Collection Set. The following comparison chart shows that the subject device and the predicate device are substantially equivalent:

SIDE BY SIDE COMPARISON TABLE   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sol-Care Safety BloodCollection Needle(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Vacutainer Safety-Lok BloodCollection Set (Predicate Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same, similaror different</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Sol-Care SafetyBlood CollectionNeedle (with andwithout a Pre-attachedTube Holder) is a singleuse, sterile, wingedblood collection needleto be used for bloodcollection or short-terminfusion (up to 2 hours)of intravenous fluids.The device is designedwith a safetymechanism to helpreduce the risk ofneedlestick injury.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Vacutainer Brand BloodCollection Set and Safety-LokBlood Collection Set is a wingedblood collection needle andflexible tubing for venipunctureto collect blood specimen frompatients or monitoring bloodpressure. The Safety-Lok BloodCollection Set also contains aneedle safety shield whichminimizes the possibility of aneedlesticks if manuallyactivated following bloodcollection. The VacutainerBrand Blood Collection Set andSafety-Lok Blood Collection Setis also recommended for use inpatients with small veins.The Vacutainer Brand BloodCollection Sets and Safety-LokBlood is also indicated for the</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similar</td></tr></table>

Safety Blood Collection Needle (with and without pre-attached Tube Holder) 510(k)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>intravenous administration offluids and may be used for anypatient population withconsideration given to patientsize, appropriateness for thesolution being infused andduration of therapy.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Blood Collection andInfusion of IntravenousSolutions for up to 2hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Blood Collection and Infusion ofIntravenous Solutions for up to 2 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Product design/ component materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Needle Cap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LDPE (Low DensityPolyethylene)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similar</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Needle, ButterflyWings</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PVC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Safety Shield</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Polypropylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polypropylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Tubing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PVC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Female Fitting</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ABS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Male Fitting</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>White Polypropylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White Polypropylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Blood CollectionNeedle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Stainless Steel (SUS 304)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stainless Steel (SUS 304)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Needle Cover</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Clear LDPE (Low DensityPolyethylene)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similar</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Needle gauges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>21G, 23G and 25G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G, 23G and 25G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Needle Length</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3/4&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Needle Bevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>60 degree</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 degree</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Tubing length</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7&quot; and 12&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Packaging design w/oHolder/ materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Tray Pack</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tray Pack</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Method to retractneedle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pull back on tubing untilneedle is locked within theSafety Shield</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pull back on tubing untilneedle is locked within theSafety Shield</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Method ofsterilization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Shelf life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Sol-Millennium Medical

Safety Blood Collection Needle (with and without pre-attached Tube Holder) 510(k) G. Summary and Conclusion of Nonclinical Tests:

The Sol-Care Safety Blood Collection Needle (with and without a pre-attached Tube Holder) met the appropriate requirements contained in the following standards:

1. ISO 8536-4:2010, Infusion Equipment for Medical Use – Part 4: Infusion Sets For Single Use, Gravity Feed and ISO 7864:1993, Sterile Hypodermic Needles for Single Use;

PRJ001_096, Butterfly Needle Chemistry Test Protocol and Report PRJ001_062, Butterfly Needle Appearance and Size Test Protocol and Report   
• PRJ001_060, Butterfly Needle Systematic Flow Test Protocol and Report PRJ001_056, Butterfly Needle Systematic Blocking Test Protocol and Report   
• PRJ001_057, Butterfly Needle Protector Drawing Force Test Protocol and Report   
• PRJ001_054, Butterfly Needle Puncture Force Test Protocol and Report   
• PRJ001_053, Butterfly Needle Unlocking Force Test Protocol and Report   
• PRJ001_052, Butterfly Needle Shield Pulling Force Test Protocol and Report   
• PRJ001_049, Butterfly Needle Rubber Sealing Test Protocol and Report

2. ISO 23908:2011, Sharps Injury Protection – Requirements and Test Methods – Sharps Protection Features for Single-Use Hypodermic Needles, Introducers For Catheters And Needles Used for Blood Sampling. • Simulated Use Study with Nurse Evaluators

3. ISO 11607-1,-1:2009 $+$ A1:2014, Packaging for terminally sterilized medical Devices and ISO 11607-2:2006, Packaging for terminally sterilized medical devices -- Part 2: Validation requirements for forming, sealing and assembly processes.

• Seal Validation of the Soft Pack   
• Seal Validation of the Hard Pack   
• Simulated Transit Test for the Soft Pack   
• Simulated Transit Test for the Hard Pack   
• Accelerated Aging of the Soft Pack and Product Testing at time 0, years 1, 2 and 3   
• Accelerated Aging of the Hard Pack and Product Testing at time 0, years 1, 2 and 3 Low Temperature $( - 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ Product Qualification High Temperature $( 6 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ Product Qualification

# Sol-Millennium Medical

Safety Blood Collection Needle (with and without pre-attached Tube Holder) 510(k)

4. ISO 11135-1:2007, Medical Apparatus – Epoxy Ethane Sterilization Confirmation and Routine Control • The Sol-Care Safety Blood Collection Device family was adopted into an existing validated sterilization. This adoption complies with AAMI TIR 28: , Product Adoption and Process Equivalency for Ethylene Oxide Sterilization. The cycle was validated according to the requirements of ISO 11135-1: 2014, Medical devices – Validation and Routine Control of Ethylene Oxide Sterilization.

5. ISO 594-2:1998, Conical fittings with $6 \%$ (Luer) taper for syringes, needles and certain other medical equipment – Part 2: Lock Fittings • PRJ001_059, Butterfly Needle Systematic Leakage Test Protocol and Report

6. ISO 10993-1:2006, Biological evaluation of medical devices Part 1: Evaluation and testing • Cytotoxicity, • Irritation Test/Intracutaneous Reactivity • Sensitization Study, • USP and ISO Systemic Toxicity Studies • Haemolysis test • Thrombosis Testing • Complement Activation C3a and SC5b-9 Asay with Sponsor-Supplied Comparison Articie (GLP) • ASTM Hemolysis Assay - Direct Contact and Extract Method (GLP)

H. Discussion of Clinical Tests:

None submitted

I. Conclusions Demonstrating Substantial Equivalence through Performance Testing:

The device has been tested and found to meet all product specifications and requirements. Product labeling clearly shows that the device is for single use only. After review of the Risk Analysis, all verification and validation test data and reports, the conclusion of the Design Review Committee was that the SolCare Safety Blood Collection Needle (with and without pre-attached Tube Holder) are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.