ACON LABORATORIES INC.   
QIYI XIE, SR. STAFF CLINICAL/REGULATORY AFFAIRS 10125 MESA RIM ROAD   
SAN DIEGO, CA 92121

Re: K163406 Trade/Device Name: Mission Cholesterol Monitoring System Mission Cholesterol Pro Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1175 Regulation Name: Cholesterol (total) test system Regulatory Class: I, meets the limitation to the exemption 21 CFR 862.9(c)(4) Product Code: CHH, JGY, LBR Dated: April 10, 2017 Received: April 12, 2017

Dear Dr. Qiyi Xie:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known) k163406

Device Name Mission® Cholesterol Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe) TMissn holetl onig Syst ten e unttiv deteraion Toal Cholesteol, H D o ChololnTgyciu cpilay hole bloo ogeTeMiss Cholesterol Monitoring Systes  portable ystem consistingheMission Cholesterol Metr, MissionCholeseol Te Carrige, MissnolesterOptilViernMissnCholetel Contol Solution,ndisnten used by a single person and should not be shared. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

Colot noioo and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.

HDL Hig Densy LioproCholestomeauet ae usenheiagoss neaetipi ors (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases.

Tct li obstruction, and other diseases involving lipid metabolism or various endocrine disorders.

Use this product at the frequency your doctor recommends for testing Total Cholesterol, HDL Cholesterol, and Triglycerides.

An estimatedvalue or Low Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol is calculated by the Mission Cholesterol Meter and is reported only when Triglycerides are $\leq 4 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Te bure m   collecionoatiotatverahours pnsec tme t reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gatherand maintain the data needed and complete and review the collectionf information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Number (if known) k163406

Device Name Mission® Cholesterol Pro Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe) The Mission holesterol roMonitorig Systentende orhe quantitative deterination Total Choletol, H po hepavenos wholeblood.Te Missin Cholesterol oMonti yst  portable ysteconsistie Mision Cholesterol ro Meter, Mission Cholesterol ro Test Cartridges, Mission Cholesterol Optical Verier, an al

Colet oioo and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.

HDL High Densiy Liporotein) measurements are use i the diagosis and treatent  lpid disorders (uch as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases.

Ti obstruction, and other diseases involving lipid metabolism or various endocrine disorders.

An estimated value or Low Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol is calculated by the Mission Cholesterol Meter and is reported only when Triglycerides are $\leq 4 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teuren t olctinoatitataverours ppsec me treviw istuctions, search existing dat sources, gather and maintaine data neede n cplet and review the collection information.Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect ofthis information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2 $ .

The Assigned 510(k) number is k163406

# Submitter’s Identification:

ACON Laboratories, Inc.

10125 Mesa Rim Road

San Diego, California 92121

Tel.: 858-875-8019   
Fax: 858-875-8011   
Date Prepared: June 27, 2017

# Contact Person:

Qiyi Xie Senior Staff, Clinical & Regulatory Affairs Email: qxie@aconlabs.com

# Proprietary Name of the Device:

Professional use:   
Mission® Cholesterol Pro Monitoring System   
Mission® Cholesterol Pro Test Cartridge   
Home use:   
Mission $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Cholesterol Monitoring System   
Mission® Cholesterol Test Cartridge

# Common Name:

Cholesterol (total) Test System, Triglyceride Test System, Lipoprotein Test System

Regulation : 21 CFR 862.1175, 862.1705, 862.1475

# Classification:

Class I, meet the limitation of exemption per 21 CFR 862.9(c)(4)

# Predicate Device:

Cardiochek Plus and Home Test System 510(k) Number: K140068

Polymer Technology Systems, Inc. 7736 Zionsville Rd Indianapolis, IN 46268

# Device Name:

# 1) Mission® Cholesterol Monitoring System (home use)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation -Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mission® CholesterolMonitoring SystemMission® CholesterolMeterMission® CholesterolTest Cartridges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1175 Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol (total) TestSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1705 -Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglyceride Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1475 -Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LBR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipoprotein Test System</td></tr></table>

# 2) Mission® Cholesterol Pro monitoring system (professional use):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation -Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mission® CholesterolPro MonitoringSystemMission® CholesterolPro MeterMissionCholesterolPro Test Cartridges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1175 Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol (total) TestSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1705 Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglyceride Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1475 Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LBR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipoprotein Test System</td></tr></table>

# Device Description:

1) Over the Counter (home use): The Mission Cholesterol Monitoring System is a portable system consisting of the Mission Cholesterol Meter, Mission Cholesterol Test Cartridges, Mission Cholesterol Optical Verifier and Mission Cholesterol Control Solution and is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The Mission Cholesterol Monitoring System is designed for the quantitative measurement of Total Cholesterol (CHOL), High Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDL) and Triglycerides (TRIG) in capillary whole blood from the fingertip. The Mission Cholesterol Meter is an in vitro diagnostic device consisting of a reflectance photometer that analyzes the intensity and color of light reflected from the reagent area of the test cartridge. This device measures analytes in blood once the blood is applied to dry phase test cartridges that are specifically designed for reflectance analysis.

2) Professional: The Mission Cholesterol Pro Monitoring System is a portable system consisting of the Mission Cholesterol Pro Meter, Mission Cholesterol Pro Test Cartridges, Mission Cholesterol Pro Optical Verifier and Mission Cholesterol Pro Control Solution and is intended for professional use in healthcare settings for multiple patient uses. The Mission Cholesterol Pro Monitoring System is designed for the quantitative measurement of Total Cholesterol (CHOL), High Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDL) and Triglycerides (TRIG) in capillary and venous human whole blood. The Mission Cholesterol Pro Meter is an in vitro diagnostic device consisting of a reflectance photometer that analyzes the intensity and color of light reflected from the reagent area of the test cartridge. This device measures analytes in blood once the blood is applied to dry phase test cartridges that are specifically designed for reflectance analysis.

# Test Cartridge:

The Mission Cholesterol (Home use) Test Cartridge is a 3 in 1 Lipid Panel test device used to measure concentration of CHOL, HDL and TRIG in capillary whole blood from the fingertip. A code Chip automatically calibrates the meter with the code number of the cartridges when inserted into the meter.

The Mission Cholesterol Pro (Professional) Test Cartridge is a 3 in 1 Lipid Panel test device used to measure concentration of CHOL, HDL and TRIG in capillary and venous human whole blood. A code Chip automatically calibrates the meter with the code number of the cartridges when inserted into the meter.

# Control Solution:

Both the Mission $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cholesterol (home use) Monitoring System’s and the Mission $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cholesterol Pro Monitoring System’s Control Solutions are used to estimate precision of meter readings for determination of total cholesterol (CHOL), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) and triglycerides (TRIG).

# Optical verifier:

Both the Mission $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cholesterol (home use) Monitoring System’s and the Mission $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cholesterol Pro Monitoring System’s Optical Verifiers are used to verify that the meter functions properly by checking that the meter can detect a pre-calibrated value.

# Intended Use:

1) Over the Counter Use:

The Mission $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cholesterol Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative determination of Total Cholesterol, High Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol, and Triglycerides in human capillary whole blood from the fingertip. The Mission Cholesterol Monitoring System is a portable system consisting of the Mission Cholesterol Meter, Mission Cholesterol Test Cartridges, Mission Cholesterol Optical Verifier and Mission Cholesterol Control Solution, and is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

Cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.

HDL (High Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid disorders (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases.

Triglycerides measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus, nephrosis, liver obstruction, and other diseases involving lipid metabolism or various endocrine disorders.

Use this product at the frequency your doctor recommends for testing Total Cholesterol, HDL Cholesterol and Triglycerides.

An estimated value for Low Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol is calculated by the Mission Cholesterol Meter and is reported only when Triglycerides are $\leq 4 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# 2) Professional Use:

The Mission $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cholesterol Pro Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative determination of Total Cholesterol, High Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol, and Triglycerides in human capillary whole blood from the fingertip and lithium heparin venous whole blood. The Mission $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cholesterol Pro Monitoring System is a portable system consisting of the Mission Cholesterol Pro Meter, Mission Cholesterol Pro Test Cartridges, Mission Cholesterol Optical Verifier and Mission Cholesterol Control Solution, and is intended for multiple patient use in professional healthcare settings. This system should only be used with single-use, auto- disabling lancing devices. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

Cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.

HDL (High Density Lipoprotein) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid disorders (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases.

Triglycerides measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus, nephrosis, liver obstruction, and other diseases involving lipid metabolism or various endocrine disorders.

An estimated value for Low Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol is calculated by the Mission Cholesterol Meter and is reported only when Triglycerides are ${ \leq } 4 0 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# Technological Characteristics:

Specification of the Mission® Cholesterol Monitoring (Home use) and Mission® Cholesterol Pro Monitoring Meters:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specifications</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reflectance Photometer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 2 min</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHO: 100-400mg/dL (2.59-10.36 mmol/L,1mmol/l=38.66mg/dL )HDL: 15-100 mg/dL (0.39-2.59 mmol/L, 1mmol/l=38.66mg/dL)TRIG: 45-650 mg/dL (0.51-7.34 mmol/L, 1mmol/1=38.6mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Power Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 AAA batteries (1.5V)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AC Adapter (Mini USB, 5V dc, 50 mA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85 hours or 1,000 tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units ofMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 records</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic Shut Off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 minutes after last use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137 mm × 79 mm × 26 mm (5.4&quot; × 3.11&quot; ×1.02&quot;)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mm × 50 mm (1.97&quot; ×1.97&quot;)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145g (without batteries)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 50°C (32 -122°F); ≤ 90% RH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 - 40°C (59 -104°F); 20- 90% RH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Connectors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USB cable for Printer or Power (optional)</td></tr></table>

# Special conditions for use statement(s):

Over-the-counter:

 Do not test samples other than fresh capillary whole blood obtained from the fingertip. For single-patient use only. Do not use on neonates.   
 Do not reuse; each Test Cartridge is for single use only. Users with low or high red blood cell counts (e.g. users with anemia or polycythemia) may have inaccurate results.   
 Do not use when Hematocrit is outside the acceptable Hematocrit range for testing of $30 \%$ to $50 \%$ Users with dehydration or peripheral vascular disease should avoid fingertip testing.   
 Do not use when humidity is higher than $90 \%$ and lower than $20 \%$ , as extremes in humidity may affect results. Critically ill patients should not use this test. Do not use test cartridge after the expiration date shown on the pouch. High concentrations of uric acid $( \geq 1 2 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } } )$ can lead to falsely low measurements for Total Cholesterol and HDL Cholesterol. High concentrations of bilirubin $( \geq 1 5 \ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ can lead to falsely low measurements for Total Cholesterol and HDL Cholesterol.

# Prescription use:

 Do not use on neonates. Do not reuse; each Test Cartridge is for single use only.   
 Users with low or high red blood cell counts (e.g. users with anemia or polycythemia) may have inaccurate results.   
 Do not use when Hematocrit is outside the acceptable Hematocrit range for testing of $30 \%$ to $50 \%$ Users with dehydration or peripheral vascular disease should avoid fingertip testing.   
 Do not use when humidity is higher than $90 \%$ and lower than $20 \%$ , as extremes in humidity may affect results. Critically ill patients should not use this test. Do not use test cartridge after the expiration date shown on the pouch. High concentrations of uric acid $( \geq 1 2 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } } )$ can lead to falsely low measurements for Total Cholesterol and HDL Cholesterol. High concentrations of bilirubin $( \geq 1 5 \ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ can lead to falsely low measurements for Total Cholesterol and HDL Cholesterol. Heparin is recommended anticoagulant for use with venous whole blood. Do not use other anticoagulants, e.g. iodoacetate, sodium citrate or those containing fluoride. Arterial blood is not recommended for use. Hemolyzed blood or thrombolytic therapy blood may lower the results. Venous occlusion might increase the results and is not recommended for blood draws.

# Special instrument requirements:

Mission Cholesterol Meter and Mission Cholesterol Pro Meter

# Substantial Equivalence:

Predicate device name: CardioChek Plus Test System and CardioChek Home Test System – K140068

# 1. Home Use

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mission®CholesterolMonitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CardioChek Home TestSystem (K140068)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Mission® CholesterolMonitoring System is intended forthe quantitative determination ofTotal Cholesterol, High DensityLipoprotein Cholesterol, andTriglycerides in human capillarywhole blood from the fingertip.The Mission CholesterolMonitoring System is a portablesystem consisting of the MissionCholesterol Meter, MissionCholesterol Test Cartridges,Mission Cholesterol OpticalVerifier and Mission CholesterolControl Solution, and is intendedto be used by a single person andshould not be shared. This systemis for in vitro diagnostic use only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CardioChek Home TestSystem is a small portableanalyzer and test strip system forself-testing by lay users. It isintended to be used by a singleperson and should not be shared.This system is for in vitrodiagnostic use only. The testsstrips are for the quantitativedetermination of glucose, totalcholesterol, HDL (high densitylipoprotein) cholesterol andtriglycerides in capillary wholeblood from the fingertip. AChol/HDL ratioand estimated values for LDL(low density lipoprotein)cholesterol and non-HDLcholesterol are calculated bythe CardioChek Plusanalyzer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Setting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Mission® CholesterolMonitoring System is intended forsingle person use, not to be shared.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as CardioChek HomeTest System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reflectance Photometer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 2 min</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 90 seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHOL: 100-400mg/dL (2.59-10.36 mmol/L)HDL: 15-100 mg/dL (0.39-2.59mmol/L)TRIG: 45-650 mg/dL (0.51-7.34mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHOL: 100-400mg/dL (2.59-10.36 mmol/L)HDL: 15-100 mg/dL (0.39-2.59mmol/L)TRIG: 50-500 mg/dL (0.57-5.65mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic calibration by the codechip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35 μL (25-50 μL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 to 40 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Units ofMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL (default), mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingConditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 - 40°C (59 -104°F);20-90% RH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-40°C (50-104°F),Between 20 and 80% RH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Conditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 - 50°C (32 -122°F); ≤ 90% RH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHOL, HDL, TRIG: 30-50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHOL: 30~50%HDL: 30~45%TG: 15~55%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Connectors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB cable for Printer or Power(optional)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 AAA batteries (1.5V)AC Adapter (Mini USB, 5V dc, 50mA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 AA batteries (1.5V)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Width: 3.11" (7.89 cm)Length: 5.4" (13.7 cm)Height: 1.02" (2.6 cm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Width: 3.2 in (8.13 cm)Length: 6.0 in (15.24 cm)Height: 1.5 in (3.8 cm)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">145g (without batteries)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">156g (without batteries)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85 hours or 1,000 tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 tests</td></tr></table>

# 2. Professional Use

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mission® Cholesterol ProMonitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CardioChek Plus Test System(K140068)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Mission® Cholesterol ProMonitoring System is intended forthe quantitative determination ofTotal Cholesterol, High DensityLipoprotein Cholesterol, andTriglycerides in human capillary</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CardioChek Plus TestSystem is a small portableanalyzer and test strip systemintended for multiple patient usein professional healthcaresettings. This system should onlybe used with single-use, autodisabling lancing devices. This</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">whole blood from fingertip andlithium heparin venous wholeblood. The Mission® CholesterolPro Monitoring System is aportable system consisting of theMission Cholesterol Pro Meter,Mission Cholesterol Pro TestCartridges, Mission CholesterolOptical Verifier and MissionCholesterol Control Solution, andis intended for multiple patient usein professional healthcare settings.This system should only be usedwith single-use, auto-disablinglancing devices. This system is forin vitro diagnostic use only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">system is for in vitro diagnosticuse only. The tests strips are forthe quantitative determination ofglucose, total cholesterol, HDL(high density lipoprotein)cholesterol and triglycerides invenous whole blood andcapillary whole blood from thefingertip. A Chol/HDL ratio andestimated values for LDL (lowdensity lipoprotein) cholesteroland non-HDL cholesterol arecalculated by the CardioChekPlus analyzer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary and venous whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store as packaged in the sealedpouch, either at roomtemperature or refrigerated.Temperature: 36-86°F, 2-30°Do not freeze.Keep out of direct sunlight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test cartridges are stable throughthe expiration date printed on thetest cartridge foil pouch.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHOL: Cholesterol esterase,Cholesterol oxidase,4-aminoantipyrineHDL: Dextran sulphate,cholesterol esterase, cholesteroloxidase, 4-aminoantipyrineTRIG: Lipoprotein lipase, glycerolkinase, glycerol phosphateoxidase, 4-aminoantipyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHOL: Cholesterol esterase,Cholesterol oxidase, PeroxidaseHDL: Cholesterol esterase,Cholesterol oxidase, PeroxidaseTRIG: Lipase lipoprotein,Glycerol kinase, Glycerol-3-Phosphate Oxidase, Peroxidase</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHOL: 100-400mg/dL (2.59-10.36 mmol/L)HDL: 15-100 mg/dL (0.39-2.59mmol/L)TRIG: 45-650 mg/dL (0.51-7.34mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHOL: 100-400mg/dL (2.59-10.36 mmol/L)HDL: 15-100 mg/dL (0.39-2.59mmol/L)TRIG: 50-500 mg/dL (0.57-5.65mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Connectors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB cable for Printer or Power(optional)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 AAA batteries (1.5V)AC Adapter (Mini USB, 5V dc, 50mA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 AA batteries (1.5V)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Width: 3.11" (7.89 cm)Length: 5.4" (13.7 cm)Height: 1.02" (2.6 cm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Width: 3.2 in (8.13 cm)Length: 6.0 in (15.24 cm)Height: 1.5 in (3.8 cm)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">145g (without batteries)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">156g (without batteries)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85 hours or 1,000 tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 tests</td></tr></table>

# Discussions of Non-Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence are as follows:

# Laboratory Performance Testing:

The performance characteristics of the Mission Cholesterol Monitoring System were verified by Precision study, Interference study, Temperature flex study, Humidity flex study, Sample volume flex , sensitivity study, hematocrit effect study, temperature effect study, stability study, meter performance validation, electrical safety testing and EMC testing. Laboratory testing results indicate that the Mission Cholesterol Monitoring System is robust and can perform satisfactorily when used with the test cartridges and control solution according to the “Indication for Use” statement specified in the Instruction Manual and Package Insert of the device.

# a. Precision

Precision was determined according to the CLSI Guideline EP05-A3. The precision study was performed at three point-of-care (POC) sites using three lots of Mission $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cholesterol (and Pro) Test Cartridges. Precision studies were performed with whole blood samples and control solutions. To estimate different sources of variance, the data set was fitted to a Mixed Effects Model using the commercial software package lme4 (version: 1.1-12) in R (version 3.3.1).

For laboratory workers testing precision with control solutions at three clinical sites, the following results were obtained:

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>High DensityLipoprotein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Triglycerides</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity/ assay reportable range:

A linearity study was performed according to NCCLS EP6-A at 9 concentration levels for each parameter and tested using 10 replicates each over three lots of the mission cholesterol test cartridges. This study demonstrates that the Mission $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cholesterol Test System is linear over the following reportable ranges:

The measurement range of total cholesterol $\mathrm { 1 0 0 { - } 4 0 0 ~ m g / d L ) }$ is within the linear detection range.

The measurement range of HDL ( $\mathrm { 1 5 - 1 0 0 \ m g / d L } )$ is within the linear detection range.

The measurement range of triglyceride $4 5 { \mathrm { - } } 6 5 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ is within the linear detection range.

c. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods):

# Traceability

ACON Labs has documented traceability to the NCEP’s recommended accuracy base for Total Cholesterol and HDL by performing a direct comparison with a Cholesterol Reference Method Laboratory Network (CRMLN) laboratory using fresh human specimens which cover the NCEP medical decision points. Triglyceride test is traceable to NIST standard.

No calibration is required to perform the cholesterol test; however a lot specific code chip is provided with each test cartridge. The user must check and make sure that the code number printed on the test cartridge vial matches the code number displayed on the cholesterol meter before testing.

# Stability:

Accelerated time stability studies were conducted to assess the shelf-life of test cartridges and it is estimated to be 18 months.

# Detection limit:

Limit of blank, limit of detection and limit of quantitation studies were performed and support the following reportable measuring ranges:

CHOL: 100-400mg/dLHDL: 15-100 mg/dLTRIG: 45-650 mg/dL

# d. Analytical specificity:

Studies were performed according to CLSI guideline EP7-A2 to determine whether endogenous and exogenous substances interfere with the Mission Cholesterol Monitoring System’s Cholesterol. HDL and Triglyceride assays. No Interference was observed for the following substances at the concentrations in the table below for total cholesterol (CHOL), HDL and Triglyceride (TG):

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">1. Interference from Endogenous Substances</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Endogenous Substance</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Concentration showing no interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHOL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HDL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TRIG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">/</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">/</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">502 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglyceride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">649 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">649 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">/</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">2. Interference from Exogenous Substances</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Exogenous Substance</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Concentration showing no interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHOL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HDL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TRIG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atorvastatin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bezafibrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glybenclamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indomethacin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methyldopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotinic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Probenecid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinidine hydrochloridemonohydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethoxazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Limitations:

 High concentrations of uric acid $( \geq 1 2 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } } )$ can lead to falsely low measurements for Total Cholesterol and HDL Cholesterol. High concentrations of bilirubin $( \geq 1 5 { \mathrm { m g / d L } } )$ can lead to falsely low measurements for Total Cholesterol and HDL Cholesterol.

# Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed:

The clinical study followed the FDA’s “Guidance for 510(k)s on Cholesterol Tests for Clinical Laboratory, Physicians’ Office Laboratory and Home Use.” A total of 369 patients were recruited for the study at three POL sites located in different geographical locations. The study design incorporated testing for both professional use and self-testing.

For professional use, patient blood was collected from fingertip and venous blood draws. Capillary blood samples from fingertip were tested at clinical sites by professionals. Venous blood samples were tested at a laboratory using an FDA cleared method. For self-testing, laypersons followed the product package insert and performed the test with their capillary finger blood from fingers using Mission $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cholesterol Monitoring System and test cartridge.

Finger blood and venous blood specimens were collected from 369 laypersons at three clinical sites and were tested with Mission $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cholesterol Test Cartridges by medical professionals and laypersons. The plasma concentration was confirmed by the reference method. The tables below show the regression correlation values:

Total cholesterol   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Layperson</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Finger capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y=0.9994X+0.0293</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9846</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProfessionalOperator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Finger capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y=1.0016X-0.5139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9883</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProfessionalOperator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin Venous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y=0.9889X+0.807</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9863</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td></tr></table>

HDL cholesterol   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Layperson</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Finger capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y=0.99X+0.0989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9768</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProfessionalOperator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Finger capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y=1.0015X-0.1705</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9778</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProfessionalOperator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin Venous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y=0.9929X+1.052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9790</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td></tr></table>

Triglycerides   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Layperson</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Finger capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y=0.9983X+0.8927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9934</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProfessionalOperator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Finger capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y=0.9965X+0.9441</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9948</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProfessionalOperator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin Venous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y=0.9901X-1.2099</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9936</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td></tr></table>

# $\%$ Bias of Mission Cholesterol Monitoring System at Medical Decision Points

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total Cholesterol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Finger Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venous Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.8%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HDL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Finger Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venous Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Triglyceride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Finger Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venous Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.2%</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The laboratory performance testing and clinical study results demonstrate that the Mission Cholesterol and Mission Cholesterol Pro Monitoring System and Test Cartridges are safe, effective and easy-to-use and as such is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices currently sold on the U.S. market.