Re: K163015 Trade/Device Name: Liquichek Tumor Marker Control-level 1; Liquichek Tumor Marker Control-level 2; Liquichek Tumor Marker Control-level 3; Liquichek Tumor Marker Control- Trilevel Minipak Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJY Dated: October 26, 2016 Received: October 28, 2016

Dear Ms. Parsons:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of January 10, 2017.

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

For   
Leonthena Carrington, MBA, MS, MT(ASCP)   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) K163015</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Liquichek Tumor Marker Control</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable) Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)</td></tr><tr><td>Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C) CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.</td></tr><tr><td>This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.</td></tr><tr><td>*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*</td></tr><tr><td>T burdenmeorhcollectionomationtimatd veraghours esonclud</td></tr><tr><td>t  reviw instructions, earch existng dat sourcs, gather andmaintain he data needed and coplee an review the collection  information. Send comments regarding ths burden estimate or any otheraspect</td></tr><tr><td>of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:</td></tr><tr><td>Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary

# Liquichek Tumor Marker Control

# 1.0 Submitter

Bio-Rad Laboratories 9500 Jeronimo Road, Irvine, California 92618-2017 Telephone: (949) 598-1200 Fax: (949) 598-1557

# Contact Person

Suzanne Parsons RA/QA Supervisor Telephone: (949) 598-1467

# Date of Summary Preparation

January $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ 2017

# 2.0 Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Common Name: Classifications: Product Code: Regulation Number:

Liquichek Tumor Marker Control   
Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (Assayed)   
Class I, Reserved   
JJY   
21 CFR 862.1660

# 3.0 Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Liquichek Tumor Marker Control Bio-Rad Laboratories Predicate 510(k) Number: K071675

# 4.0 Description of Device

Liquichek Tumor Marker Control is prepared from human source material with added constituents of human and animal origin, chemicals, stabilizers and preservatives. The control is provided in liquid form for convenience.

The human source material used to manufacture this control was tested by FDA accepted methods and found non-reactive for Hepatitis B Surface Antigen (HBsAg), antibody to Hepatitis C (HCV) and antibody to HIV-1/HIV-2.

# 5.0 Value Assignment

The mean values and corresponding $\pm 3 \mathsf { S D }$ ranges in the Assignment of Values Data Charts were derived from replicate analyses and are specific for this lot of product. Data from Unity™ Interlaboratory Program are included in the determination of some ranges.

The tests listed were performed by the manufacturer and/or independent laboratories using manufacturer supported reagents and a representative sampling of this lot of product. It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own acceptable ranges and use those provided only as guides. Laboratory established ranges may vary from those listed during the life of this control. Variations over time and between laboratories may be caused by differences in laboratory technique, instrumentation and reagents, or by manufacturer test method modifications.

# 6.0 Intended Use

Liquichek Tumor Marker Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in this package insert.

# 7.0 Comparison of the new device with the Predicate Device

Liquichek Tumor Marker Control claims substantial equivalence to Liquichek Tumor Marker Control (K071675). Table 1 (below) contains comparison information of similarities and differences between the new and predicate device to which substantial equivalence is claimed.

Table 1. Similarities and Differences between new and predicate device.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Tumor Marker Control(New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Tumor Marker Control(Predicate Device, K071675)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Tumor Marker Control is intended foruse as an assayed quality control serum tomonitor the precision of laboratory testingprocedures for the analytes listed in this packageinsert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquichek Tumor Marker Control is intended foruse as an assayed quality control serum tomonitor the precision of laboratory testingprocedures for the analytes listed in this packageinsert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human source material and constituents ofanimal origin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human source material and constituents ofanimal origin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage unopenedShelhe life)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-20°C to -70°C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-20°C to -70°C until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Thawed UnopenedStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All analytes: 60 days at 2 to 8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All analytes: 60 days at 2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>xcept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IGF-I, PAP: 35 days at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Except</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IGF-I, PAP: 35 days at 2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Free PSA: 30 days at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Free PSA: 30 days at 2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 125: 14 days at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 125: 14 days at 2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Thawed Openedtaability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All analytes: 30 days at 2 to 8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All analytes: 30 days at 2 to 8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Except</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IGF-1: 15 days at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Except</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IGF-1: 15 days at 2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 125: 10 days at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 125: 10 days at 2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Fill Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Level 1, 2 and 3 - 6 x 2 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Level 1, 2 and 3 - 6 x 2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Trilevel MiniPak - 3 x 2 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Trilevel MiniPak - 3 x 2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen aliquot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>30 days at -20 to -70 °C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>No Claim</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="7">Analytes Beta-2-Microglobulin (B2-M) CA 15-3 CA 19-9 CA 27.29 CA 125 Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA)</td><td>Contains: Alpha Fetoprotein (AFP)</td></tr><tr><td>Alpha Fetoprotein (AFP) Beta-2-Microglobulin (B2-M) CA 15-3 CA 19-9</td></tr><tr><td>CA 27.29 CA 125 Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA)</td></tr><tr><td>Ferritin</td></tr><tr><td>Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)/(β- hCG, Total hCG, Intact hCG)</td></tr><tr><td>Insulin-like Growth Factor-I (IGF-1) Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP)</td></tr><tr><td>Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)/(β- Prolactin Prostate Specific Antigen, Total (Total PSA) Prostate Specific Antigen, Free (Free PSA)</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Statement of Supporting Data

Real time stability studies were performed to establish Thawed and Opened, Thawed and unopened and Frozen Aliquot stability claims. Accelerated stability studies were performed for establishing the shelf life stability. The stabilities for Liquichek Tumor Marker Control are as follows

<table><tr><td>Thawed and Opened Stability</td><td>IGF-1: 15 days at 2 to 8°C CA 125: 10 days at 2 to 8°C All other analytes: 30 days at 2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td>Thawed and Unopened Stability</td><td>IGF-I, PAP: 35 days at 2 to 8°C Free PSA: 30 days at 2 to 8°C CA 125: 14 days at 2 to 8°C All other analytes: 60 days at 2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen Aliquot Stability</td><td>All analytes: 30 days at -20°C to -70°C</td></tr><tr><td>Shelf Life stability:</td><td>28 months at -20 to -70°C</td></tr></table>

# 9.0 Conclusion

Based on the performance characteristics indicated above, Liquichek Tumor Marker Control is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (K071675).

All supporting data is retained on file at Bio-Rad Laboratories.