ALL MEDICUS CO., LTD. C/O PRISCILLA CHUNG LK CONSULTING GROUP, USA, INC. 800 ROOSEVELT STE 417 IRVINE CA 92620

Re: K170241 Trade/Device Name: GlucoDr.S Blood Glucose Monitoring System, GlucoDr.S BLE Blood Glucose Monitoring System GlucoDr.S NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW Dated: September 12, 2017 Received: September 15, 2017

Dear Priscilla Chung:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

for Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name

GlucoDr.S Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

Glur.Blo GluMoniri ystetende ohe qnativuemen lu cpiay hol loofogeGlucrBlo Gluostu with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

GlucoDr.S Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes.   
GlucoDr.S Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not for use in neonates.

Glur. Bloo GlucoseTes Strips rous iGlucoDr. Bloo Gluce Meter qanivey au (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburen tocollectionomationtate veraghours  ons,cd time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Device Name

GlucoDr.S BLE Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

GlucDr. BLE Bloo Glucose Monitorin System ntended obeuseor he quantitativeeasuremen  luse cpi hobucuys u by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

lucDr.S BLE Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used or the diagnosis ofor sreening or dabetes.   
JlucoDr.S BLE Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not for use in neonates.

GlucoDr.S BLE Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with GlucoDr.S BLE Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively neasure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburen tocollectionomationtate veraghours  ons,cd time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Device Name

GlucoDr.S NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

GlucoDr. NFCBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem is intended t be used or he quantitative measurement f lucose cpi hobucBlGs u by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

lucDr.S NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring Syste should not be used for the diagnosis ofor screening or diabetes.   
FlucoDr.S NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not for use in neonates.

GlucoDr.S NFC Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with GlucoDr.S NFC Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively neasure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburen tocollectionomationtate veraghours  ons,cd time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary (k170241)

This summary of 510(K) information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21 CFR Part 807.92.

Date: _10/12/2017

# 1. Applicant / Submitter:

All Medicus Co., Ltd.   
No.7102-7107, 7402, 7403, 7406, 140, Beolmal-ro, Dongan-gu, Anyang-si, Gyeonggi-do, 14057, Republic of Korea   
Tel: 82-31-425-8288

# 2. Submission Correspondent:

Priscilla Chung   
LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.   
800 Roosevelt Ste 417,   
Irvine, CA 92620   
Phone: 714-202-5789 Fax: 714-409-3357 Email: juhee.c@lkconsultinggroup.com

# 3. Device:

Trade Name: GlucoDr. $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Blood Glucose Monitoring System GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ BLE Blood Glucose Monitoring System GlucoDr $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Classification Name:   
Blood Glucose Test System   
Classification regulation:   
21 CFR Part 862.1345   
Product Code:   
NBW

4 Predicate Device: GlucoDr. autoTM (K083628) by All Medicus Co., Ltd.

# 5. Description:

The subject systems are to measure and display glucose test results. The subject meters are portable devices using a battery with capability to store 500 test results in memory, and can search the stored test results with 7, 14, 30, 60, or 90-day average value of test results. This system provides beep, hypo/hyper warning limit, date/time setting, average period, and test reminder alarms settings.

The three systems which are GlucoDr $S ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ , GlucoDr. $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ BLE, and GlucoDr. $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ NFC are exactly the same devices except the data transfer features. The GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ can transfer test results to a PC or to a smart device via a USB cable only, and the GlucoDr. $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ BLE offers Bluetooth data transfer features in addition to the USB cable port. The GlucoDr.STM NFC offers NFC data transfer features in addition to the USB cable port.

# 6 Indications for use:

# GlucoDr.S™M Blood Glucose Monitoring System

GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from fingertip. GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. It is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes. GlucoDr ${ \mathbf S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not for use in neonates.

GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with GlucoDr. $S ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

# GlucoDr $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { { T M } } }$ BLE Blood Glucose Monitoring System

GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ BLE Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from fingertip. GlucoDr $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ BLE Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. It is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

GlucoDr. $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ BLE Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes. GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ BLE Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not for use in neonates.

GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ BLE Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ BLE Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

# GlucoDr.S™M NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System

GlucoDr. $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from fingertip. GlucoDr $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. It is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

GlucoDr. $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes. GlucoDr.STM NFC Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not for use in neonates.

GlucoDr $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ NFC Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with GlucoDr. $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ NFC Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

# 7. Comparison to the Cleared Device

GlucoDr $S ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ ,GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ BLE, and GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ NFC Bl GlucM   ay uvalen  Guc devices and the predicate device.

Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicative Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoDr.STM(AGM-513S)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoDr.STM BLE(ABM-513S)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoDr.STM NFC(ANM-513S)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoDr. autoTM(AGM-4000)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510k</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k170241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k170241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k170241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K083628</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Medicus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Medicus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Medicus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Medicus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>GlucoDr.STM Blood GlucoseMonitoring SystemGlucoDr.STM Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is intendedto be used for the quantitativemeasurement of glucose(sugar) in fresh capillary wholeblood from fingertip.GlucoDr.STM Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is intendedto be used by a single personand should not be shared. It isintended for self-testingoutside the body (in vitrodiagnostic use) by people withdiabetes at home as an aid tomonitor the effectiveness ofdiabetes control.GlucoDr.STM Blood GlucoseMonitoring System should notbe used for the diagnosis of or</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoDr.STM BLE BloodGlucose Monitoring SystemGlucoDr.STM BLE BloodGlucose Monitoring System isintended to be used for thequantitative measurement ofglucose (sugar) in freshcapillary whole blood fromfingertip. GlucoDr.STM BLEBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem is intended to be usedby a single person and shouldnot be shared. It is intended for</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoDr.STM NFC BloodGlucose Monitoring SystemGlucoDr.STM NFC BloodGlucose Monitoring System isintended to be used for thequantitative measurement ofglucose (sugar) in freshcapillary whole blood fromfingertip. GlucoDr.STM NFCBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem is intended to be usedby a single person and shouldnot be shared. It is intended for</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>The GlucoDr. autoTM bloodglucose monitoring systemsystem is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use (i.e., forexternal use only) forquantitative measurement ofglucose in venous, arterialand capillary whole blood.Testing sites includetraditional fingertip site alongwith palm, upper arm,forearm, thigh, and calf.The GlucoDr. autoTM bloodglucose monitoring systemmay be used by healthcareprofessionals or for selftesting by diabetic lay users inthe mellitus at home as aid inmonitoring the effectivenessof diabetes control program.The GlucoDr. auto™M blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>self-testing outside the body (invitro diagnostic use) by peoplewith diabetes at home as an aid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>self-testing outside the body (invitro diagnostic use) by peoplewith diabetes at home as an aid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to monitor the effectiveness ofdiabetes control.GlucoDr.STM BLE Blood</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>to monitor the effectiveness ofdiabetes control.GlucoDr.STM NFC BloodGlucose Monitoring Systemshould not be used for the</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Monitoring Systemshould not be used for the</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>screening for diabetes.GlucoDr.STM Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is not foruse in neonates.GlucoDr.STM Blood GlucoseTest Strips are for use withGlucoDr.STM Blood GlucoseMeter to quantitativelymeasure glucose (sugar) infresh capillary whole bloodsamples drawn from thefingertips.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>diagnosis of or screening fordiabetes. GlucoDr.STM BLEBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem is not for use inneonates.GlucoDr.STM BLE BloodGlucose Test Strips are for usewith GlucoDr.STM BLE BloodGlucose Meter to quantitativelymeasure glucose (sugar) infresh capillary whole bloodsamples drawn from thefingertips.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>diagnosis of or screening fordiabetes. GlucoDr.STM NFCBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem is not for use inneonates.GlucoDr.STM NFC BloodGlucose Test Strips are for usewith GlucoDr.STM NFC BloodGlucose Meter to quantitativelymeasure glucose (sugar) infresh capillary whole bloodsamples drawn from thefingertips.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>glucose monitoring system isnot intended for the diagnosisof or screening for diabetesmellitus, nor intended for useon neonates.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometry</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Dehydrogenase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Dehydrogenase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Dehydrogenase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Dehydrogenase</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volumes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 μl</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 ~ 600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 ~ 600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 ~ 600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 ~ 600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operationtemperaturerange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10~40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10~40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10~40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ~ 40</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip StorageCondition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1~3215~85%RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1~3215~85%RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1~3215~85%RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1~32</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 V Lithium Battery (CR2032)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 V Lithium Battery (CR2032)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 V Lithium Battery (CR2032)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 V Lithium Battery(CR2032)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MemoryCapacity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 results with date and time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 results with date and time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 results with date and time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 results with date and time</td></tr></table>

Difference   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding of Strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">no-coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">no-coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">no-coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Auto-coding</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">fresh capillary whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">fresh capillary whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">fresh capillary whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary and Venous blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20~65%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20~65%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20~65%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20~60%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingHumidity Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15~85%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15~85%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15~85%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Below 85%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Size of Meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.3×50×17.5mm(LWH)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.3×50×17.5mm(LWH)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.3×50×17.5mm(LWH)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.5×49×17.5mm(LWH)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight of Meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.2g(with battery)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.2g(with battery)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.2g(with battery)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40g(with battery)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Altitude</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000feet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000feet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000feet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8,202feet</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data transfer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Micro USB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Micro USBBLE(Bluetooth Low Energy)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Micro USBNFC(Near FieldCommunication)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB</td></tr></table>

T devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# 8. Performance Data

Bench studies including evaluation of analytical performance as well as clinical performance studies were conducted. Software verification testing was carried out to ensure all meter functions and displayed error messages perform as intended.

a. Precision Evaluation Study

Following CLSI EP05-A2, repeatability testing was conducted using 5 venous blood samples with glucose concentrations spanning the measuring range. Each measured in 10 replicates with 3 test strips lots and 10 meters. Intermediate precision testing was conducted over 14 days using 5 glucose control solutions each measured in 10 replicates with 3 test strips lots and 10 meters. GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ meter results of venous blood samples were compared to those obtained by the YSI 2300 analyzer as the reference method.

(i) Repeatability evaluation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptance Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled STD (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1 (39.1 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STD &lt; 4 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2 (85.5 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STD &lt; 4 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3 (121 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV &lt; 4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4 (205 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV &lt; 4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5 (352 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV &lt; 4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr></table>

(ii) Intermediate Precision evaluation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptance Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled STD(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1 (37.2 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STD &lt; 4 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2 (80.4 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STD &lt; 4 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3 (118 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV &lt; 4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4 (200 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV &lt; 4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5 (353 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV &lt; 4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr></table>

The results of both repeatability and intermediate precision testing demonstrate that the performance of the GlucoDr. ${ \mathsf { S } } ^ { { \bar { \mathrm { T M } } } }$ l a in the market.

# b. Linearity Evaluation Study

Following CLSI EP6-A, linearity testing of the measuring range was conducted using 3 lots of GlucoDr. $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ blood glucose test strips. Venous blood samples were spiked to 15 levels of glucose concentrations ranging from 16 to $6 4 6 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and the GlucoDr. ${ \mathbf S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ EPY meter test results were compared to those obtained from the YSI 2300 analyzer as the reference method.

Alinear egresson analysis  the lucoe measrement resulte in a mean ope rai from 0.97622 to 0.99754 and an R2 value of 0.99827 to 0.99951. The results support the claim that the GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Blood Glucose Monitoring System is linear between 20 and $6 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , a claim equivalent to that made for the predicate device.

c. Interferences - Endogenous/Exogenous Substances

Interference testing followed the CLSI EP7-A2. A total of 30 potential interfering substances were evaluated using 3 lots of test strips at 3 glucose concentrations of venous blood samples, 10 replicates each. Study results indicate that the maximum allowable limit of some interfering substances for our system is as follows: Dopamine $( 3 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ Gentisic acid $\mathrm { ( 1 0 ~ m g / d L ) }$ , Maltose $\mathrm { \hbar } { 5 , 0 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } } )$ , Tolazamide ( $1 6 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ , Xylose (11 $\mathrm { m g / d L ) }$ , and uric acid $( 8 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ .

d. Interferences  Hematocrit

Hematocrit levels were evaluated using 3 lots of blood glucose test strips. Samples were prepared ranging in HCT from 20 to $65 \%$ at 6 glucose concentration levels of venous blood samples, 10 replicates each. The GlucoDr $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ results were compared to the YSI 2300 analyzer as the reference method. Study results indicate that the measurements of the GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ meter were within acceptance criteria for the entire HCT range of 20- $65 \%$ .

# e. Sample Volume

A study was conducted to evaluate sample volumes using 3 lots of blood glucose test strips. Venous blood samples were tested at 4 glucose concentration levels and at 3 sample volumes ranging from 0.40 to $0 . 5 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ . Study results demonstrated that when sample volumes were less than 0.50µL, the GlucoDr.STM meter displayed an error message. At sample volume, $0 . 5 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ , all GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ meter test results supported a minimum sample volume of 0.50 μL for the GlucoDr.STM meter.

f. Other Bench Performance studies

Additional bench studies were conducted including:

Temperature and Humidity Effects. The operating temperature range and operating relative humidity (RH) were evaluated placing GlucoDr. $\bar { \mathsf { S } } ^ { \mathrm { { T M } } }$ the meter and strips in environmental chambers varying in temperature between 10 and $4 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ and between 15 and $8 5 \%$ RH. Testing included 3 test strip lots and 4 concentrations of blood samples, each in 10 replicates. GlucoDr. ${ \mathsf { S } } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ measurements were compared to those obtained by the YSI 2300. Results from all testing conditions support a claim of 50-

104 F $( 1 0 – 4 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ for the operating temperature and $1 5 . 8 5 \%$ for the RH

Altitude Effects. The effect of altitudes on the performance of the GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Test strip was evaluated using 4 concentrations of venous blood samples. Testing was conducted at altitudes varying between 0 and 10,020 ft. At each altitude, GlucoDr. $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ blood test results were compared to those of the YSI 2300. The results support the claim that the GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ system can be operated at altitudes up to 10,020 ft.

Cleaning and Disinfecting. The effect of the CaviWipes Disinfecting Towelettes was evaluated on five GlucoDr. $\mathrm { \bf \bar { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } } }$ meters following cleaning and disinfecting cycles after testing blood samples. Robustness studies were performed demonstrating that there was no change in performance or in external materials of the meter after cycles of cleaning and disinfecting with the CaviWipes Disinfecting Towelettes.

Virucide Efficacy. The efficacy of the recommended disinfection against Hepatitis B virus (HBV) was evaluated on the materials of the GlucoDr $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ meter. 2 minutes contact time of meter materials with the CaviWipe Disinfecting Towelettes produced results demonstrate effective inactivation of HBV when used to disinfect the

GlucoDr. $\mathbf { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ meter materials.

Tes Strip stability. Open vial and shelf lie stability of the GlucoDr ${ \mathbf S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ test strip are assessed using real time and accelerated studies. The test results support the claimed stability durations when stored at 4-300C and at $3 4 \mathrm { { ^ \circ F } }$ to $9 0 \mathrm { { ^ \circ F } }$ $( 1 - 3 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ and the relative humidity 15 to $8 5 \%$ .

Readability Assessment of labeling. A Flesch-Kincaid reading level assessment was conducted demonstrating that the User's Manual and the Test Strip Insert were written at or below an 8th grade reading level.

g. Accuracy Studies

Lay User Study

The user performance for the GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Blood Glucose Monitoring System was evaluated by using capillary blood samples from 405 patients with those obtained using a YSI Model 2300 STAT Plus Glucose Analyzer.

User performance results for glucose concentration $< 7 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Lay users   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sitel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E15D23213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1(0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E15D23213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E15D23213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/7(71.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E15D23213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/15(80%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15(100%)</td></tr></table>

User performance results for glucose concentration $\geq 7 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Lay users   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sitel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E15D23213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103/142(72.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137/142(96.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142/142(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E15D23213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118/161(73.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156/161(96.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161/161(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E15D23213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71/87(81.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/87(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/87(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E15D23213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292/390(74.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>380/390(97.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390/390(100%)</td></tr></table>

h. Software testing was conducted based on the level of concern that was identified using FDA's Guidance on Software validation. Analysis of the GlucoDr. $\mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ meter test results demonstrate that both meter functionality as well as the display of the appropriate error messages, all perform as intended.

i. Electrical Safety test and Electromagnetic Compatibility were conducted in accordance with IEC61010-1 and IEC 60601-1-2. Testing results passed acceptance criteria as prescribed by each standard.

# 9 Conclusion

Based on documentation supplied with this submission, conclusions drawn from clinical and bench testing of the subject device demonstrates that the subject devices are substantially equivalent to our legally marketed predicate devices.