ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS   
EDIE BRUNT   
PRINCIPAL, REGULATORY AFFAIRS   
9115 HAGUE ROAD   
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250

Re: K170678 Trade/Device Name: ß-CrossLaps CalCheck 5 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I, Reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: March 3, 2017 Received: March 6, 2017

Dear Edie Brunt:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.for Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teuren morhcollectionoation tate averagehours onse,nclud eviwsins, ear existng dat sours atheand maintai e dat neeed ancpl a evi h olction oation S cent ardin h burd tia   he of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# ß-CrossLaps CalCheck 5 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87, Roche Diagnostics hereby submits official notification as required by Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification 510(k).

The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification is to obtain FDA review and clearance for the ß-CrossLaps CalCheck 5.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9115 Hague RoadP.O. Box 50416Indianapolis, IN 46250-0457</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Edie BruntPhone: (317) 521-4668FAX: (317) 521-2324Email: edie.brunt@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>March 3, 2017</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B-CrossLaps CalCheck 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-CrossLaps CalCheck 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed))</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes,Regulation Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJX, 862.1660</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalCheck Vitamin D Total II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the B-CrossLaps CalCheck 5, the establishment registration number forRoche Diagnostics GmbH in Mannheim, Germany is 9610126, and forPenzberg, Germany, 9610529. The establishment registration number for RocheDiagnostics in the United States is 1823260.</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The ß-CrossLaps CalCheck 5 is used for the calibration verification and the assessment of the measuring range as needed by the laboratory certification agencies such as College of American Pathologists or CLIA certification. The CalChecks are a customer convenience product and not required to assess the performance.

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

This CalCheck set is an assayed control for use in calibration verification and for use in the verification of the assay range established by the Elecsys ß-CrossLaps/serum reagent on the cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The following table compares the ß-CrossLaps CalCheck 5 with its predicate device, CalCheck Vitamin D Total II (k162840).

Table 1: CalCheck Comparison   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalCheck Vitamin D Total II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B-CrossLaps CalCheck 5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This CalCheck set is an assayedcontrol for use in calibrationverification and for use in theverification of the assay rangeestablished by the ElecsysVitamin D total II reagent on thecobas e 411 immunoassayanalyzer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This CalCheck set is an assayedcontrol for use in calibrationverification and for use in theverification of the assay rangeestablished by the Elecsys B-CrossLaps/serum reagent on thecobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-hydroxyvitamin D3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Synthetic β-CTx peptide in aCrossLaps free human serummatrix</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Five</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target Ranges</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximate targetconcentrations:Check 1: ≤ 5 ng/mLCheck 2: 17.5 - 22.4 ng/mLCheck 3: 46.5 - 54.4 ng/mLCheck 4: 75.5 - 84.4 ng/mLCheck 5: 94.5 - &gt; 100 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximate targetconcentrations:Check 1: ≤ 0.05 ng/mLCheck 2: 0.4 - 0.6 ng/mLCheck 3: 2.7 - 3.3 ng/mLCheck 4: 4.0 - 5.0 ng/mLCheck 5: 5.4 - &gt;6.0 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Handling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reconstitute the contents of eachCalCheck vial with exactly 1.0mL distilled or deionized water.Allow the bottles to stand closedfor 15 minutes. Mix gently byinversion to ensure homogeneity.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage and Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reconstituted control serum:At 20-25°C - 4 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The ß-CrossLaps CalCheck 5 matrix, human serum, is identical to the Master Calibrators (human serum sample panel) used for the Elecsys ß-CrossLaps/serum assay.

ß-CrossLaps CalCheck 5 was evaluated for value assignment and stability.

# 4.1. Value Assignment

For each ß-CrossLaps CalCheck 5 lot manufactured, the CalChecks are run in duplicate on at least two (2) modules (each with two measuring cells) of the cobas e 801 with at least two runs. The assigned value of each CalCheck is defined as the median value obtained over at least six (6) determinations (runs) of the respective CalCheck.

The CalCheck assigned range is calculated $a s \pm 2 7 \%$ of the assigned value for levels 2 through 5. The label states that each laboratory should establish appropriate acceptance criteria when using this product for its intended use.

Target Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-CrossLaps CalCheck 5 Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Value [ng/mL]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td></tr></table>

# 4.2. Stability

The following studies were performed in order to verify the stability claims for the ß-CrossLaps CalCheck 5:

Study 1: Open vial stability Study 2: Accelerated stability Study 3: Real-time stability

# 4.2.1. Open Vial Stability

The on-test and reference materials were tested in duplicate. The on-test material was reconstituted and stored for 4 hours at $2 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ (in an open vial). The reference material was a freshly reconstituted set of CalChecks. The on-test recovery was calculated as a percent of the reference value. The acceptance criterion for CalCheck Level $1 \ \mathrm { w a s } \leq 0 . 0 5 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and for CalCheck Levels 2 -5 was $90 \mathrm { - } 1 1 0 \%$ recovery of the reference material value. The data supports the method sheet claim that reconstituted $\beta$ -CrossLaps CalCheck 5 is stable for 4 hours at $2 0 – 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

The CalCheck products are not stored on-board the analyzer, therefore no on-board stability claim is made.

# 4.2.2. Accelerated Stability

The on-test material was stored lyophilized (as supplied to the user) at $3 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ for 3 weeks. The reference material was a freshly reconstituted set of CalChecks (stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ). After 3 weeks, the test and reference materials were tested in duplicate. The on-test recovery was calculated as a percent of the reference value. The acceptance criterion for CalCheck Level $1 \ \mathrm { w a s } \leq 0 . 0 5 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and for CalCheck Levels 2 -5 was $90 \mathrm { - } 1 1 0 \%$ recovery of the reference material value. The accelerated stability model employed supports an initial shelf life claim of 18 months when the $\beta$ -CrossLaps CalCheck 5 are stored under normal storage conditions of $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# 4.2.3. Real-time (Shelf-life) Stability

In the on-going real-time stability study, the ß-CrossLaps CalCheck 5 test material is stored at 2- $8 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ . The CalChecks are tested at $\mathrm { T } { = } 0$ and at specified intervals over the shelf life of the device up to the planned shelf life plus one month. For the lot on stability, data for the time-points at 0, 7, 13 and 19 months tested in duplicate will be available. The average on-test recovery value will be calculated as percent recovery compared to the unstressed reference value (stored at $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ). The acceptance criterion for CalCheck Level $1 \ \mathrm { w a s } \leq 0 . 0 5 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and for CalCheck Levels 2 -5 was $90 \mathrm { - } 1 1 0 \%$ recovery of the reference material value. Currently the shelf-life claim is 18 months.

# Conclusions

The information provided in this 510(k) Premarket Notification will support a determination of substantial equivalence for the ß-CrossLaps CalCheck 5. The data supports a safe, effective device which performs as well as or better than the predicate device.