ABBOTT LABORATORIES   
LINDA SOHN   
SR. REGULATORY SPECIALIST   
100 ABBOTT PARK ROAD, DEPT 09AA, BLDG. AP08   
ABBOTT PARK, IL 60064

Re: K170160 Trade/Device Name: ARCHITECT Free T3 Calibrators Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIT Dated: January 17, 2017 Received: January 18, 2017

Dear Linda Sohn:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# I. Applicant Name

Abbott Laboratories Dept. 9AA, AP8-1 100 Abbott Park Road Abbott Park, IL 60064

Primary contact person for all communications:

Linda Sohn, ADD, Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Phone: (224) 667-4846   
Fax: (224) 667-4836   
E-Mail: linda.sohn@abbott.com

Secondary contact person for all communications:

Mary Caren Murawski, Associate Director of Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: (224) 667-2817   
Fax: (224) 667-4836   
E-Mail: mary.murawski@abbott.com

Date Summary prepared: February 13, 2017

# II. Device Name

Trade Name: ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrators Device Classification: Class II Classification Name: Calibrator, Secondary Governing Regulation: 862.1150 Code: JIT

Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry

510(k) Number: k170160

# III. Predicate Device

ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrators (K983439)

# IV. Description of the Device

The calibrators are devices intended for medical purposes for use in the ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ assay test system to establish points of reference that are used in the quantitative determination of values in the measurement of substances in human specimens. Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ measurements are used as an aid in the assessment of thyroid status.

The calibrators are designed to be used on the ARCHITECT $i$ System $( i 2 0 0 0 _ { \mathrm { { S R } } } , i 2 0 0 0$ , and $i 1 0 0 0 _ { \mathrm { S R } } \big )$ ) with the ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Reagents.

The ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrator kit contains:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Bottles x Volume</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator A (Cal A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 × 4 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator B (Cal B)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 × 4 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator C (Cal C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 × 4 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator D (Cal D)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 × 4 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator E (Cal E)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 × 4 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator F (Cal F)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 × 4 mL</td></tr></table>

• ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrator A contains human serum. Preservative: Sodium Azide

• ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrators B through F contain different concentrations of L-Thyroxine and L-Triiodothyronine prepared in human serum. Preservative: Sodium Azide.

The ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrators are prepared to target the following concentrations:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(pmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator A (Cal A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator B (Cal B)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator C (Cal C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator D (Cal D)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator E (Cal E)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator F (Cal F)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.08</td></tr></table>

# Value Assignment

The ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ standardization follows a two-step assay standardization method, where market Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrator lots are matched to Primary Calibrators using sample/reference (S/C ratio) specifications. The Primary Calibrators are matched to Working Reference Calibrators (Abbott internal reference standards) using sample/reference (S/C ratio) specifications. The Working Reference Calibrators are manufactured by gravimetric methods using L-Triiodothyronine (Liothyronine USP) and L-Thyroxine (Levothyroxine USP).

# V. Intended Use of the Device

The ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrators are for the calibration of the ARCHITECT $i$ System when used for the quantitative determination of free triiodothyronine (Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ ) in human serum and plasma.

# VI. Summary of Technological Characteristics

The following table provides the similarities and differences between the candidate calibrators ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ and the predicate calibrators (ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ , K983439).

# Comparison of ARCHITECT Free ${ \bf T } _ { 3 }$ to Predicate ARCHITECT Free ${ \bf T } _ { 3 }$ Assay

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceARCHITECT Free T3 Calibrators(2-Point Calibration), K983440</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceARCHITECT Free T3 Calibrators(6-Point Calibration)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ARCHITECT Free T3 Calibratorsare for the calibration of theARCHITECT i System when used forthe quantitative determination of freetriiodothyronine (Free T3) in humanserum and plasma.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARCHITECT i System (i 2000sR,i 2000, and i 1000sR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Free T3Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 2 levels• 1.4 and 30 pg/mL L-Thyroxine andL-Triiodothyronine in humanserum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 levels0.0, 1.4, 3.5, 7.0, 17.2, 30.0pg/mL L-Thyroxine and L-Triiodothyronine in humanserum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibratorComposition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator 1:Analyte: NoneDiluent: Human SerumPreservative: Sodium Azide•  Calibrator 2:Analyte: L-Thyroxine and L-TriiodothyronineDiluent: Human SerumPreservative: Sodium Azide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• Calibrator A:Analyte: NoneDiluent: Human SerumPreservative: Sodium AzideCalibrators B-F:Analyte: L-Thyroxine and L-TriiodothyronineDiluent: Human SerumPreservative: Sodium Azide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The calibrators are matched to anAbbott internal reference standard.This internal reference standard ismanufactured by gravimetric methodsbased on the Free Triiodothyroninecalculation (FT3c) usingL-Triiodothyronine (sodium salt, notless than 95% pure by HPLC) andL-Thyroxine (sodium pentahydrate,not less than 95% pure by HPLC) ateach concentration level. The FT3c isa calculation of the FreeTriiodothyronine hormoneconcentration, which depends on theamount of Total T3 and Total T4 foundin the serum as well as the serum'sthyroid hormone binding capacity.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage andStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The calibrators are stable until theexpiration date when stored andhandled as directed at 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation ofUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Stability Results

Stability studies for the ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrators were performed based on guidance from the Clinical Laboratories and Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP25-A.

# In-Use Condition (Open Vial)

The stability of the ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrators was evaluated. At the baseline time point (0) and each subsequent time point (1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, and 11 months), the ontest calibrator vials were opened and squeezed to ensure good air-exchange, then inverted and squeezed to release a minimum of 8 drops of material from each vial. The vials were then closed and stored at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ until the next time point. In-use testing was performed using a minimum of 10 replicates each of the on-test calibrators, reference controls, and reference panel with the designated reference reagents.

The time point results were evaluated against the stability limit evaluation criteria. The results support a stability claim for the ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrators of 11 months at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . The in-use stability is an on-going study and is scheduled to continue for up to 18 months.

# Intended Storage Condition (Closed Vial)

The stability of the ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrators was evaluated using a real-time stability study. For the real time stability study, three lots of test material were stored at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Samples at time points 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12 months were tested and evaluated against the stability limit evaluation criteria. The results for the Intended Use stability support a stability claim of 12 months at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

The results for In-Use and Intended Storage stability studies support a stability claim for the ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrators of 11 months at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . The in-use and intended storage stability is an on-going study and is scheduled to continue for up to 18 months.

# Standardization

The calibrators are matched to an Abbott internal reference standard. This internal reference standard is manufactured by gravimetric methods based on the Free Triiodothyronine calculation (FT3c) using L-Triiodothyronine (sodium salt, not less than $9 5 \%$ pure by HPLC) and L-Thyroxine (sodium pentahydrate, not less than $9 5 \%$ pure by HPLC) at each concentration level. The FT3c is a calculation of the Free Triiodothyronine hormone concentration, which depends on the amount of Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ and Total $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ found in the serum as well as the serum‘s thyroid hormone binding capacity.

# VII. Conclusion

Substantial equivalence for the candidate device, ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrators, is claimed to the predicate device cleared in K983439, ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ Calibrators. The modifications to the calibrators have not changed the intended use, as described in its labeling, nor have the modifications altered the fundamental scientific technology of this device.