February 27, 2018

Awareness Technology, Inc. Steve Andrus Quality Assurance Manager 1935 SW Martin Hwy Palm City, FL 34990

Re: K171476 Trade/Device Name: SelectaLyte Electrolyte Analyzer $\mathrm { ( N a + }$ , $\mathrm { K } +$ , Cl-) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1665 Regulation Name: Sodium test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JGS, CEM, CGZ, JJE Dated: December 29, 2017 Received: January 18, 2018

Dear Steve Andrus:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

# Sincerely, Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name

SelectaLyte Electrolyte Analyzer (Na+, $\mathrm { K } +$ , Cl-)

Indications for Use (Describe)

The SelectaLyte Electrolyte Analyzer $\mathrm { N a + , K + , C l - } )$ is an in vitro device intended to be used for the measurement of ionized Sodium $\mathrm { ( N a + ) }$ , Potassium $( \mathrm { K } ^ { + } )$ , and Chloride (Cl-) in serum and lithium heparin venous whole blood samples. The measurements are to be conducted by a trained professional in a clinical laboratory. For in-vitro diagnostic use only.

The SelectaLyte Sodium $\mathrm { ( N a + ) }$ assay is intended to measure sodium. Measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

The SelectaLyte Potassium $( \mathrm { K } ^ { + } )$ assay is intended to measure potassium. Measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

The SelectaLyte Chloride (Cl-) assays is intended to measure chloride. Measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 5 510(k)171476 Summary

# Applicant:

Awareness Technology 1935 SW Martin Highway Palm City, FL 34990

# Contact Person:

Steve Andrus   
Quality Assurance Manager   
Phone: 772.283.6540 ext. 220   
Fax: 772.283.8020   
Email: sandrus@awaretech.com

# Date of Preparation: 02/22/2018

# Trade Name: Common Name:

SelectaLyte™ Electrolyte Analyzer $( \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } , \mathsf { K } ^ { + } .$ , Cl-) Ion-specific electrolyte analyzer for sodium, potassium and chloride

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Nomenclature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Review Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion-Specific,Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion-Specific,Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion-Specific,Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer, Chemistry(Photometric, Discrete),For Clinical Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.2160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# Substantial Equivalence

Awareness Technology is claiming substantial equivalence to the predicate device, AVL 9180 Electrolyte Analyzer, 510(k) number K961458.

# Description

The SelectaLyte™ Electrolyte Analyzer $( \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } , \mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ , Cl-) is an automated, microprocessor-controlled electrolyte analyzer for measurement of Sodium $\left( \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } \right)$ , Potassium $( \mathsf { K } ^ { + } )$ , and Chloride (Cl-) in serum, whole blood and QC aqueous solutions. The SelectaLyte™ Electrolyte Analyzer $( \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } , \mathsf { K } ^ { + } , \mathsf { C l } ^ { - } )$ utilizes ion selective electrodes (ISE) to measure test samples, and display the results automatically. The instrument features automatic and on-demand calibration, patient data storage, and interactive LCD touch screen.

# Indications of Use

The SelectaLyteTM Electrolyte Analyzer $( \mathsf { N a } + , \mathsf { K } + , \mathsf { C l } - )$ is an in vitro device intended to be used for the measurement of ionized Sodium $\left( \mathsf { N a } + \right)$ , Potassium $( \mathsf { K } { + } ) .$ , and Chloride (Cl-) in serum and lithium heparin venous whole blood samples. The measurements are to be conducted by a trained professional in a clinical laboratory.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The SelectaLyte Sodium $\left( \mathsf { N a } + \right)$ assay is intended to measure sodium. Measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

The SelectaLyte Potassium $\left( \mathsf { K } { + } \right)$ assay is intended to measure potassium. Measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

The SelectaLyte Chloride (Cl-) assays is intended to measure chloride. Measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

# Principles of Measurement

The principles of measurement used in the SelectaLyte™ Electrolyte Analyzer $( \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } , \mathsf { K } ^ { + } , \mathsf { C l } ^ { - } )$ , Model 3910 are identical to the principles existing in the electrolyte analyzer to which substantial equivalence is claimed.

The SelectaLyte™ Electrolyte Analyzer $( \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } , \mathsf { K } ^ { + } .$ , Cl-) measures sodium, potassium, and chloride in dialysate using ion selective electrode technology. The sodium electrode contains a glass tube, specially formulated to be sensitive to sodium ions. The potassium electrode incorporates neutral carrier ionophore membranes which are highly selective for their respective ions. The chloride electrode contains an ionophore covalently bound to a substrate which is sensitive to negatively charged ions. The potential of each electrode is measured relative to a fixed, stable reference established by a silver/silver chloride electrode in concentrated salt solution. The measured potential varies with the concentration of the ion sensed by the electrode.

# Calibration

The SelectaLyte™ Electrolyte Analyzer $( \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } , \mathsf { K } ^ { + } , \mathsf { C l } ^ { - } )$ , Model 3910 preforms a 2-point calibration every 4 hours and by request with a known fluid from the SelectaLyte™ Reagent Pack. A 1-point calibration is preformed automatically during each measurement.

Predicate Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SelectaLyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Awareness Technology Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostic AVL 9180</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ion Selective Electrode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ion Selective Electrode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The SelectaLyte Electrolyte Analyzer(Na+, K+, Cl-) is designed for clinicallaboratory use by laboratoryprofessionals to assess the levels ofSodium, Potassium, and Chloridefound in serum and lithium heparinvenous whole blood. The analysis isperformed in-vitro, and neither theanalyzer nor any of its componentscome in contact with the patient. Theinstrument should be used inlaboratories that routinely conform togovernment regulations oraccreditation requirements for quality.On each day of use, analyze theSelectaLyte™ Quality Control Kit TriLevel at least once.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The AVL 9180 ElectrolyteAnalyzer is intended to be usedfor the measurement of sodium,potassium, chloride, ionizedcalcium and lithium in wholeblood, serum or plasma, urine,dialysate solutions, or QCmaterials as appropriate byminimally trained personnelqualified to preform and toreport these values in a clinicallaboratory setting. Theseanalytes are commonly used inthe diagnosis and managementof patients with a broad range ofrenal, metabolic andcardiovascular disorders and, assuch, have come to be amongthose which are considered bythe American Association ofClinical Chemistry to have apotential of being lifethreatening if left uncontrolled.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrolytes Measured</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium (Na*), Potassium (K*), andChloride (CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium (Na*), Potassium (K†),Chloride (CI), Lithium(Lit),Calcium(Ca^²)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples Type Measured</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and lithium heparin venouswhole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood, serum or plasma,urine, dialysate solutions, or QCmaterials</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Detection Sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE Sample MeasurementRange for all Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na*: 40 - 205 mmol/LK*: 1.5 - 15.0 mmol/LCl: 50 - 200 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na*: 40 - 205 mmol/LK*: 1.5 - 15.0 mmol/LCl: 50 - 200 mmol/L</td></tr></table>

Predicate Comparison Continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SelectaLyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Pack</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal Standard: 650mLSLOPE Standard: 125mLReference Solution: 125 mLWaste bag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard A 350 mLStandard B 85 mLReference Solution 85 mLWaste bag</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Results: 200QC Results: 270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Results: 200QC Results: 35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interactive touch screen 8.9cm(3.5&quot;) LCD, color graphic display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32 character, 2 line display</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Output</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thermal printer with graphiccapability, 29-character width.USB Memory Stick</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thermal paper32 character, 2-linealphanumeric display</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Requirements:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100-240VAC, 50/60Hz 55Wmaximum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100-115 - VAC 50-60 Hz, 0.8 A</td></tr></table>

# Precision Study

In accordance with CLSI EP05-A2 precision evaluation of within-run (Sr), between-run (Srr), and within-lab (ST) precision was determined using two machines and multiple users for 2 runs per day over the duration of 20 days for each matrix.

The precision results for Sodium   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PooledHumanSerum</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Run to Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84%</td></tr></table>

The precision results for Potassium   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PooledHumanSerum</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Run to Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97%</td></tr></table>

The precision results for Chloride   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PooledHumanSerum</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Run to Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93%</td></tr></table>

Precision values for whole blood reported from testing with calibrations every consecutive replicates of 10 to total 40 replicates for each sample.

The precision results for Sodium   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HumanWholeBlood</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14%</td></tr></table>

The precision results for Potassium   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PooledHumanSerum</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.27%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.07%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07%</td></tr></table>

The precision results for Chloride   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HumanWholeBlood</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Level 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40%</td></tr></table>

# Linearity Study

In accordance with CLSI EP06-A equally spaced intermediate concentration samples were prepared accurately by proportionately mixing high and low concentration pools. 4 replicates were read at each level. The testing duration for each analyte was processed on the same day. Acceptable performance criteria by CLIA 88 in 42 CFR 493-931 Routine Chemistry.

Linearity Summary DataMatrix: Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Range(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Range(mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9878</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.8077</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9988</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.9-203.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40-205</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26-19.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5-15.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.3194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1-202.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-200</td></tr></table>

Linearity Summary DataMatrix: Whole Blood   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Range(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Range(mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0064</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.2822</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33-217.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40-205</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0083</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45-18.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5-15.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3451</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.4-214.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-200</td></tr></table>

# Method Correlation Study

In accordance with CLSI EP09-A2 Method comparison to the predicate device was performed with each matrix for each analyte. $10 \%$ of the samples were spiked or diluted to fully span the claimed measuring ranges.

Method Correlation Summary Data   
Matix: Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Syx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Range(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Range(mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.971</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.794</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9869</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.3-194.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40-205</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9959</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51-14.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5-15.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.950</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9854</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55-192.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-200</td></tr></table>

Method Correlation Summary Data   
Matix: Whole Blood   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Syx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Range(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Range(mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9865</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.3-204.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40-205</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9946</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58-14.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5-15.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.953</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9806</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53-192.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-200</td></tr></table>

# Interference Study

In accordance with CLSI EP07-A2 The interference study is an evaluation of the effects of potentially interfering substances to decrease medically significant error within the laboratory and identify potential hazards. Interferent substances were chosen that have the potential to interfere with analytes (sodium, potassium, chloride) as referenced in Drug Interference and Drug Effects in Clinical Chemistry E5 by Tryding. Each interferent was tested higher than the therapeutic concentration of the relevant drug; then evaluated to show the degree of interference.

The highest concentration of each interferent that did not show interference for the serum sodium, potassium, and chloride assays is shown in the table below.

Interference Effect Summary Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference Effect Summary</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest concentration tested that didnot show significant interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Serum Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>503.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoniazid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium Acetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnesium Acetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>Serum Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>503.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoniazid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium Acetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnesium Acetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000.0 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium lodide*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2364.3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=15 colspan=1>Serum Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcetyIsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoniazid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium Acetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnesium Acetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paracetamol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

\*Continued Interference

Interference Effect Summary Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest concentration tested that didnot show significant interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Serum Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH (High)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~8.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Thiocyanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Bicarbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Bromide*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000.0 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium lodide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2364.3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

\*Continued Interference

# Serum Interference Observations

Cholesterol showed interference with Chloride assay at concentrations 503 mg/dL, 377 mg/dL, 251 mg/dL with a bias greater than 3.4mmol/L.

Potassium Thiocyanate showed interference with Chloride assay at concentrations 66.9 mg/dL, 33.4 mg/dL, with a bias greater than 4.3mmol/L.

Sodium Bromide showed interference with Chloride assay at all concentrations tested with a bias greater than 4.5mmol/L.

Sodium Fluoride showed interference with Chloride and Potassium assays at concentration 0.44mg/dL with a bias of 12.4mmol/L for chloride and 0.64mmol/L for potassium.

Sodium Iodide showed interference with Chloride and Potassium assays at concentration 44.8mg/dL, 22.5 mg/dL, 11.2mg/dL, with a bias of 3.3mmol/L for chloride and continued interference for potassium with a bias greater than $0 . 2 4 \mathsf { m m o l } / \mathsf { L }$ .

The highest concentration of each interferent that did not show interference for the whole blood sodium, potassium, and chloride assays is shown in the table below.

Interference Effect Summary Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest concentration tested that didnot show significant interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>Whole Blood Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.7 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcetyIsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin, Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>503.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>399.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Thiocyanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Whole Blood Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.7 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin, Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>503.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>399.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Bromide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>Whole Blood Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.7 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin, Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>399.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Thiocyanate*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Bromide*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium lodide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.3 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

\*Continued Interference

# Whole Blood Interference Observations

Bilirubin, Total showed interference with Potassium assay at concentrations $2 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , $1 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , with a bias greater than $0 . 2 2 \mathsf { m m o l } / \mathsf { L }$ .

Cholesterol showed interference with Chloride assay at concentrations 503 mg/dL, 377 mg/dL, with a bias greater than 3.6mmol/L.

Hemoglobin showed interference with Potassium assay at concentrations 200 mg/dL, 377 mg/dL, 251 $\mathsf { m g / d L }$ with a bias greater than 0.27mmol/L.

# Whole Blood Interference Observations Continued

Potassium Thiocyanate showed interference with Chloride assay at all concentrations tested with a bias greater than $4 . 7 \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ .

Salicylic Acid showed interference with Chloride assay at concentration $6 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ with a bias greater than 8.5 and Potassium assay at concentrations 60 mg/dL, 45 mg/dL, 29mg/dL, $2 2 . 5 \ : \mathrm { m g } / \mathrm { d L }$ with a bias greater than 0.24mmol/L.

Sodium Bromide showed interference with Chloride assay at all concentrations tested with a bias greater than 22.1mmol/L and Potassium assay at concentrations 386 mg/dL, 193 mg/dL, 93.5 mg/dL, 22.5 mg/dL with a bias greater than 0.32mmol/L.

Sodium Iodide showed interference with Chloride assay at concentration 44.8mg/dL with a bias of 8.2mmol/L.

Avoid Hemolyzed samples for potassium. Hemolyzed samples may give incorrect elevated potassium.

# Reference Ranges

Concentration levels for each analyte represent medical decision levels as stated by Mosby’s Diagnostic and Laboratory Test Reference 8ed. 2017 (See pages 260, 750, and 874 for additional information)

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Range (mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136 - 145</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 - 5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98 - 106</td></tr></table>

# Conclusions

Analysis of the comparative measurement presented in the 510(k) for this device, data collected for precision, linearity, and correlation demonstrates that the SelectaLyte Electrolyte Analyzer (with ${ \mathsf { N a } } ^ { + } , { \mathsf { K } } ^ { + } ,$ , Cl-) is safe, effective and substantially equivalent to the predicate device to which it is compared.