IRIS DIAGNOSTICS, A DIVISION OF IRIS INTERNATIONAL   
NANCY NADLER   
DIRECTOR, REGULATORY AFFAIRS   
9172 ETON AVE   
CHATSWORTH, CA 91311

Re: K171083 Trade/Device Name: iChemVELOCITY Automated Urine Chemistry System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1340 Regulation Name: Urinary glucose (non-quantitative) test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIL, JIO, CDM, JJB, JIN, JIR, JMT, LJX, CEN, JRE, JMA, KQO Dated: April 10, 2017 Received: April 11, 2017

Dear Nancy Nadler:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.for Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name

iChem®VELOCITY™ Automated Urine Chemistry System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The iChem $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ VELOCITY™ automated urine chemistry system is an in vitro diagnostic device used to automate the urine chemistry analysis profile using iChem $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ VELOCITY ™ Urine Chemistry Strips. The iChemVELOCITY can be used as a stand-alone system, as well as in an $\mathrm { i } Q \textcircled { \mathrm { R } } 2 0 0$ Series system, a configuration given the proprietary name iRICELL™ as it is designed to be hardware and software compatible with iQ200 Series systems. It produces quantitative results for specific gravity; semi-quantitative results for glucose, blood, leukocyte esterase, bilirubin, urobilinogen, pH, protein, ketones and ascorbic acid; and qualitative results for nitrites, color and clarity.

iChemVELOCITY strips are intended for use only with the iChemVelocity analyzer. In particular, they are not intended for visual reading. The iChemVELOCITY is not intended to be used as a Point of Care (POC) analyzer.

These measurements are used to aid in the diagnosis of metabolic disorders, kidney function anomalies, urinary tract infections, and liver function. Tests performed using the iChemVELOCITY are intended for clinical laboratory and in vitro diagnostic use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary for iChem®VELOCITY™ Automated Urine Chemistry System – CGM Design Change

# 510(k) Owner / Submitter Information

Nancy Nadler   
Director, Regulatory Affairs   
Iris Diagnostics, a Division of Iris International   
9172 Eton Avenue   
Chatsworth, California 91311   
Telephone: 305-380-4191   
Fax: 786-639-4191   
Email: nancy.nadler@beckmancoulter.com

Date Submitted: April 10, 2017

# Device Information Trade Name: iChem $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ VELOCITY™ Automated Urine Chemistry System Common Name: Urine Chemistry Analyzer

Table 1: Regulatory Information   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceClass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urinary glucose (non-quantitative) testsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR§862.1340</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Occult blood test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR§864.6550</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urinary urobilinogen (non-quantitative) test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR§862.1785</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urinary bilirubin and its conjugates(non-quantitative) test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR§862.1115</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketones (non-quantitative test system)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR§862.1435</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urinary protein or albumin (non-quantitative) test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR§862.1645</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrite (non-quantitative) test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JMT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR§862.1510</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukocyte peroxidase test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LJX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR§864.7675</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urinary pH (non-quantitative) testsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR§862.1550</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refractometer for Clinical Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JRE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR§862.2800</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR§862.1095</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated Urinalysis System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KQO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR§862.2900</td></tr></table>

# ___________

# Predicate Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Cleared</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iChemVELOCITYwith re-designedCGM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iChemVELOCITY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Iris Diagnostics,a Division of IrisInternational Inc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K101852</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03/23/2011</td></tr></table>

# Device Description

The iChemVELOCITY is an automated urine chemistry system performing measurements of defined physical and chemical constituents in urine. The system utilizes iChemVELOCITY urine chemistry test strips which are read in the Strip Reader Module (SRM) by measuring light reflectance, in addition the iChemVELOCITY measures color and clarity using light transmittance through Color/Clarity Module (CCM) and specific gravity using refractive index through Specific Gravity Module (SGM).

The subject of this submission is a design change to the Color/Clarity Module (CCM) of the Color/Clarity/Specific Gravity Module (CGM) subassembly of the iChemVELOCITY. The CCM measures the color and clarity of a urine sample using transmitted and scattered light, incident on a color sensor. An algorithm then converts the output of the different channels of the sensor into semi-quantitative colors. The CCM is being changed to replace end-of-life components (color sensor and scatter light source) and update the color detection algorithm.

# Intended Use/Indications for Use:

The iChem $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ VELOCITY™ automated urine chemistry system is an in vitro diagnostic device used to automate the urine chemistry analysis profile using iChem $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ VELOCITY ™ Urine Chemistry Strips. The iChemVELOCITY can be used as a stand-alone system, as well as in an $\mathrm { i } Q \textcircled { \mathrm { R } } 2 0 0$ Series system, a configuration given the proprietary name iRICELL™ as it is designed to be hardware and software compatible with iQ200 Series systems. It produces quantitative results for specific gravity; semi-quantitative results for glucose, blood, leukocyte esterase, bilirubin, urobilinogen, pH, protein, ketones and ascorbic acid; and qualitative results for nitrites, color and clarity.

These measurements are used to aid in the diagnosis of metabolic disorders, kidney function anomalies, urinary tract infections, and liver function.

iChemVELOCITY strips are intended for use only with the iChemVELOCITY analyzer. In particular, they are not intended for visual reading. The iChemVELOCITY is not intended to be used as a Point of Care (POC) analyzer.

Tests performed using the iChemVELOCITY are intended for clinical laboratory and in vitro diagnostic use only.

# Comparison to Predicate

The design change applied to the CCM is to replace the color sensor Taos TCS230 with Taos TCS3200 color sensor, along with the scatter LED due to end-of-life of the components. These components were chosen because of their similar characteristics to the components they replace. In addition to the electronic components, new firmware has been written and installed on the CCM’s microprocessor to control the new components and to update the CCM algorithm.

Color and clarity result categories are not changed with this design change, and the change is fit and functionally compatible with the subassembly as cleared in K101852. The CCM change is intended to provide a substantially equivalent subassembly with equivalent output to the original design as cleared in K101852.

Similarities and Differences between iChemVELOCITY as cleared in K101872 and the iChemVELOCITY with the redesigned CCM are shown in the table below.

Table 2: Comparison Between Proposed Device and Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iChemVELOCITY AnalyzerK101852 (cleared on 3/23/2011)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed DeviceiChemVELOCITY withRedesigned CCM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The iChem® VELOCITYTMautomated urine chemistry system isan in vitro diagnostic device used toautomate the urine chemistryanalysis profile using iChem®VELOCITY TM Urine ChemistryStrips. The iChemVELOCITY canbe used as a stand-alone system, aswell as in an iQ®200 Series system,a configuration given the proprietaryname iRICELLTM as it is designed tobe hardware and softwarecompatible with iQ200 Seriessystems. It produces quantitativeresults for specific gravity; semi-quantitative results for glucose,blood, leukocyte esterase, bilirubin,urobilinogen, pH, protein, ketonesand ascorbic acid; and qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">results for nitrites, color and clarity.iChemVELOCITY strips areintended for use only with theiChemVELOCITY analyzer. Inparticular, they are not intended forvisual reading. TheiChemVELOCITY is not intended tobe used as a Point of Care (POC)analyzer.These measurements are used to aidin the diagnosis of metabolicdisorders, kidney functionanomalies, urinary tract infections,and liver function. Tests performedusing the iChemVELOCITY areintended for clinical laboratory andin vitro diagnostic use only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimenanalyzed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine collected in cup or othercontainer, and transferred to a tube forsampling onto iChemVELOCITY teststrips.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color change on the pads of theiChemVELOCITY strips are analyzedfor percent reflectance and converted toresults through an algorithmUrine color and clarity are obtained bymeasuring absorbance or scattering ofwhite light through a flowcell.Intensities of RGB wavelengths aremeasured with a solid-statephotodetector array.Specific gravity is measured bydetermining the refractive index of thespecimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Energy Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AC power is converted to DC by aninternal switching mode power supply</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color Sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Taos TCS230</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Taos TCS3200Due to an obsolescence of thesensor</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scatter LED</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luxeonstar/Lumileds LXHL-LW3C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luxeonstar/Lumileds SR-01-WC100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microcontroller</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIC 18F25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Boardcommunications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UART</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Firmware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CCM measures the light intensityin RGB channels. Then it corrects eachchannel using iChemVELOCITY washsolution as a reference source. Thecompensated RGB data is converted toproject in 2 dimensional HSL colorplane</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same method for the HSL colorspace, however boundaries forcolor bins were modified and anOhta Color plane was added torefine color measurements alongthe boundaries of the HSLcalculations.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Semi-quantitative results are presentedfor color and clarity. Specifically:Color  Red, Blue, Amber, Yellow,Straw, and ColorlessClarity  Turbid, Cloudy, SlightlyCloudy, and Clear</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

In order to demonstrate substantially equivalent performance of the proposed device to the predicate device for this design change, verification studies were designed and performed to ensure that the fit of the CCM in the iChemVELOCITY remained unchanged, and that the function of the CCM produced equivalent results to the predicate design. All testing successfully passed the acceptance criteria, and the test results demonstrated equivalence to the predicate.

In addition, no new hazards were introduced with the implementation of this change and therefore safety associated with the operation of this device remains unchanged.

In summary, the iChemVELOCITY with the redesigned CCM is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in regard to safety, effectiveness, and performance characteristics.

# Summary of Performance Data

This design change is transparent to the user and does not alter any performance claims of the device. Various tests were conducted on the redesigned CCM to verify that fit and function of the subassembly did not impact the user experience or the performance characteristics of the iChemVELOCITY system. Verification studies were designed based on the risk analysis to verify that the proposed design performed better or equivalently to the predicate.

Performance testing of the iChemVELOCITY with the redesigned CCM was conducted to ensure that the system as a whole demonstrates equivalent performance to the predicate design. This testing included:

o Method Comparison o Precision

# Performance Test Summary

# Table 3: Method Comparison Results Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Comparator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>RedesignedCCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yellow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Straw</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colorless</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colorless</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Straw</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yellow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Exact match:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>± 1 Block:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Comparator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>RedesignedCCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turbid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cloudy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slightly Cloudy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clear</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clear</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SlightlyCloudy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cloudy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turbid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Exact match:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>± 1 Block:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

Table 4: Precision Results Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Color/Clarity</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Number</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Exactagreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% ±1 blockagreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exactagree</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±1 blockagree</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colorless</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Straw</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yellow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Clarity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clear</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slightly Cloudy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cloudy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turbid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

Testing results verified that the iChemVELOCITY with the redesigned CCM produced results within the performance characteristics of the device and did not negatively impact the user experience.

The data presented in this Premarket Notification on safety and effectiveness supports a finding of substantial equivalence to products already in commercial distribution.

The testing results confirmed that the redesigned CCM was fit, functionally compatible and equivalent to the original CCM.

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.