ELITECHGROUP  
TERRY TRIMINGHAM, REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANAGER  
21720 23RD DRIVE SE, SUITE 150  
BOTHELL, WA 98021

Re: K171401 Trade/Device Name: ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 { + } 1$ , ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 { + } 1$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1110 Regulation Name: Bilirubin (total or direct) test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CIG Dated: May 3, 2017 Received: May 12, 2017

Dear Terry Trimingham:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>ELITech Clinical Systems Confidential</td><td>Traditional 510(k) 15 of 213</td></tr><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) k171401</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL 4+1</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe) ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 { + } 1$ is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of total bilirubin in human serum and plasma on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.

ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 { + } 1$ is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of direct bilirubin in human serum and plasma on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.

It is not intended for use in Point of Care settings.

M disorders, including hepatitis and gall bladder block.

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turotioationat veu time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather andmaintain the data needed and complete a review the collection finformation. Sendcomments regarding this burden estimate r anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

# ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$

1. Date:   
2. Submitter:

July 11, 2017   
ELITech Clinical Systems SAS   
Zone Industrielle   
61500 SEES   
FRANCE

3. Contact Person:

Terry Trimingham   
21720 23rd Dr SE, Suite 150   
Bothell, WA 98021   
Phone: 425-482-5190   
Fax: 425-482-5550   
Email: t.trimingham@elitechgroup.com

4. Device Description: Classification

Device Description: Classification

ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$   
Class II   
CIG - Diazo Colorimetry, Bilirubin   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 862.1110   
ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$   
Class II   
CIG - Diazo Colorimetry, Bilirubin   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 862.1110   
K060325   
ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP   
ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Direct CP

5. Predicate Device:

Intended Use

ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ :

ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of total bilirubin in human serum and plasma on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.

Measurements of the levels of bilirubin (direct or total), an organic compound formed during the normal and abnormal distruction of red blood cells, are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, hemolytic hematological, and metabolic disorders, including hepatitis and gall bladder block.

It is not intended for use in Point of Care settings.

ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ :

ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of total bilirubin in human serum and plasma on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.

Measurements of the levels of bilirubin (direct or total), an organic compound formed during the normal and abnormal distruction of red blood cells, are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, hemolytic hematological, and metabolic disorders, including hepatitis and gall bladder block.

It is not intended for use in Point of Care settings.

# Special conditions for use statement(s):

Rx only.

This device is intended for prescription use and in vitro diagnostic only.

CAUTION: Federal Law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a licensed healthcare practitioner. It is not intended for use in Point of Care settings.

Reagent Special instrument requirements:

For use with ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers. Performance data was obtained on the Selectra ProM Analyzer.

# Device Descriptions

Both ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ and ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ are available as a kit only.

Each kit consists of a bi-reagent R1 & R2 whose composition is:

# ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ :

Reagent 1: R1   
Sulphanilic acid 29 mmol/L, Cetrimide 29 mmol/L.   
Reagent 2: R2   
Sodium nitrite 11 mmol/L.

ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ :

Reagent 1: R1   
Sulphanilic acid 29 mmol/L, Reagent 2: R2   
Sodium nitrite 11 mmol/L.

8.

# Substantial Equivalence Information

# Assay (reagent)

1. Predicate Device Name

ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP & ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Direct CP

2. K060325

3. Comparison with predicate ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP & ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Direct CP

# Similarities

Page 3 of 13   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Parameter Intended Use</td><td>New Device ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN</td><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>TOTAL 4+1 &amp; ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT 4+1 ELITech Clinical Systems</td><td>ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP &amp; ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Direct CP, K060325 ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>BILIRUBIN TOTAL 4+1: ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL 4+1 is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of total bilirubin in human serum and plasma on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers. It is not intended for use in Point of Care settings.</td><td>ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP reagent is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of total bilirubin in human serum and plasma based on a photometric test using 2,4- dichloroaniline (DCA) and detergents.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELITech Clinical SystemsBILIRUBIN DIRECT 4+1 :ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBINDIRECT 4+1 is intended for thequantitative in vitro diagnosticdetermination of direct bilirubin inhuman serum and plasma on ELITechClinical Systems Selectra Pro SeriesAnalyzers.It is not intended for use in Point ofCare settings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Direct CP :ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Direct CP reagentis intended for the quantitative in vitrodiagnostic determination of directbilirubin in human serum and plasmabased on a photometric test using 2,4-dichloroaniline (DCA).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurements of the levels of bilirubin(direct or total), an organic compoundformed during the normal andabnormal distruction of red blood cells,are used in the diagnosis andtreatment of liver, hemolytichematological, and metabolicdisorders, including hepatitis and gallbladder block. It is not intended for usein Point of Care settings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appearanceof reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid form, ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBINTOTAL 4+1 &amp; ELITech ClinicalSystems BILIRUBIN DIRECT 4+1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP &amp; ABXPentra Bilirubin, Direct CP K060325</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELITech Clinical SystemsBILIRUBIN TOTAL 4+1 :R1: 8 x 20 mLR2: 8 x 5 mLELITech Clinical SystemsBILIRUBIN DIRECT 4+1 :R1: 8 x 20 mLR2:8 x 5 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP :R1 : 29.5 mLR2 : 9.8 mLABX Pentra Bilirubin, Direct CP :R1 : 24 mLR2 : 7 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Malloy-Evelyn modified. End point.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Photometric test using 2,4-dichloroaniline (DCA), and a specificmixture of detergents.</td></tr></table>

Page 5 of 13   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELITech Clinical SystemsBILIRUBIN TOTAL 4+1 :Reagent 1: R1Sulphanilic acid 29 mmol/L,Cetrimide 29 mmol/L.Reagent 2: R2Sodium nitrite 11 mmol/L.ELITech Clinical SystemsBILIRUBIN DIRECT 4+1 :Reagent 1: R1Sulphanilic acid 29 mmol/L,Reagent 2: R2Sodium nitrite 11 mmol/L.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP :Reagent 1:Phosphate buffer : 50 mmol/LNaCl : 150 mmol/LDetergent, stabilizersReagent 2:2,4-Dichlorophenyl-diazonium salt :5 mmol/LHCI : 130 mmol/LDetergentABX Pentra Bilirubin, Direct CP :Reagent 1:EDTA-Na2 : 0.1 mmol/LNaCl : 150 mmol/LSulfamic acid : 100 mmol/LReagent 2:2,4-Dichlorophenyl-diazonium salt :0.5 mmol/LHCI : 900 mmol/LEDTA-Na2 : 0.13 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage &amp;Expiry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 2-8°C and protect from light.Do not freeze.The reagents are stable until theexpiry date stated on the label.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents, in unopened cassettes, arestable up to the expiry date on thelabel if stored between 2-8°C.Do not freeze the reagents.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELITech Clinical SystemsBILIRUBIN TOTAL 4+1 :0.25 mg/dL to 25.00 mg/dL (4.3 to427.6 μmol/L)ELITech Clinical SystemsBILIRUBIN DIRECT 4+1 :0.08 mg/dL to 10.55 mg/dL (1.4 to180.4 μmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP :2.4 to 450.0 µmol/L (0.14 to 26.3mg/dL)ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Direct CP :0.69 to 116 µmol/L (0.04 to 6.79mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Selectra Series Analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra 400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReferenceValues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELITech Clinical SystemsBILIRUBIN TOTAL 4+1 :0.2-1.2 mg/dL ( 3.4-21 µmol/L)ELITech Clinical SystemsBILIRUBIN DIRECT 4+1 :&lt; 0.2 mg/dL (3.4 µmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP :Adults: 0.1 - 1.2 mg/dL (1.7 - 21μmol/L)ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Direct CP :Adults and children: ≤ 0.2 mg/dL (≤3.4 µmol/L).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended quality controlmaterial (not included):ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL I(Normal control) (cleared in k110780)ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL II(Pathologic control) (cleared ink110780)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended quality controlmaterial (not included):ABX Pentra N Control &amp; ABX PentraP Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended calibration material(not included):ELITech Clinical Systems ELICAL 2(cleared in k110780)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended calibration material(not included):ABX Pentra Multical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit ofDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELITech Clinical SystemsBILIRUBIN TOTAL 4+1 :0.04 mg/dL (0.7 µmol/L)ELITech Clinical SystemsBILIRUBIN DIRECT 4+1 :0.01 mg/dL (0.2 µmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP :1.49 µmol/L (0.09 mg/dL).ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Direct CP :0.69 µmol/L (0.04 mg/dL).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">ELITech Clinical Systems ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP : Interferences BILIRUBIN TOTAL 4+1 :</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Triglycerides: No significant interference up to 2100 mg/dL (23.73 mmol/L). Hemoglobin: No significant interference up to 500 mg/dL. Acetaminophen: No significant interference up to 30 mg/dL. Ascorbic acid: No significant interference up to 4 mg/dL. Acetylsalicylic acid: No significant interference up to 200 mg/dL. ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT 4+1 : Triglycerides: No significant interference up to 2000 mg/dL (22.60 mmol/L) Hemoglobin: No significant interference up to 125 mg/dL. Acetaminophen: No significant interference up to 30 mg/dL. Ascorbic acid: No significant</td><td>Haemoglobin: No significant influence is observed up to 290 µmol/L (500 mg/dL). Triglycerides: No significant influence is observed up to 7 mmol/L (612.5 mg/dL). ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Direct CP : Haemoglobin: Do not use hemolysed samples. Triglycerides: No significant influence is observed up to an Intralipid® concentration (representative of lipemia) of 7 mmol/L (612.5 mg/dL).</td></tr><tr><td>On-board stability</td><td>interference up to 0.5 mg/dL. Acetylsalicylic acid: No significant interference up to 200 mg/dL. 28 days</td><td>ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Total CP : 25 days ABX Pentra Bilirubin, Direct CP :</td></tr><tr><td>Calibration frequency</td><td>Calibration frequency: 28 days Recalibrate when reagent lots change, when quality control results fall outside the established range, and after a maintenance operation.</td><td>30 days The reagent is calibrated on Day 0. The calibration stability is checked by testing 2 control specimens. The calibration stability is 10 days. Note: A recalibration is recommended when reagent lots change, and when quality control results fall outside the range established.</td></tr></table>

# 9. Test Principle:

# ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ :

Sulphanilic acid reacts with sodium nitrite to form diazotized sulphanilic acid. In the presence of accelerator (cetrimide), conjugated and unconjugated bilirubin react with diazotized sulphanilic acid to form azobilirubin. The increase of absorbance at 546 nm is proportional to bilirubin concentration.

# ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ :

Sulphanilic acid reacts with sodium nitrite to form diazotized sulphanilic acid. In the absence of accelerator, only conjugated bilirubin reacts with diazoted sulphanilic acid to form azobilirubin.

The increase of absorbance at $5 4 6 \mathsf { n m }$ is proportional to bilirubin concentration.

# 10. Performance Characteristics – Analytical Performance

# a. Precision/Reproducibility

# Precision

Within-run and total precision results were obtained by performing two runs per day, two measures per run, for 3 concentrations of samples on 2 instruments during twenty operating days. The results are presented in the tables below:

# For ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ :

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Precision %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr></table>

# For ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ :

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Precision %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-runn CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range

The linearity of ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ was studied by mixing a sample with high value $( 2 5 . 1 3 \mathrm { \ m g / d L } )$ and a sample with low value $( 0 . 2 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ to obtain 11 levels with equidistant concentrations and then measuring the Total Bilirubin concentration of each of the 11 levels using ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ .

From this study, a measuring range from $0 . 2 5 - 2 5 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ has been determined. Auto-dilution 1 to 5 allows the use of the ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ with analyte concentration up to $6 0 . 0 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

The linearity of ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ was studied by mixing a sample with high value $( 1 0 . 5 9 \mathrm { \ m g / d L } )$ and a sample with low value $( 0 . 0 6 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ to obtain 11 levels with equidistant concentrations and then measuring the Direct Bilirubin concentration of each of the 11 levels using ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ .

From this study, a measuring range from $0 . 0 8 - 1 0 . 5 5 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ has been determined. Auto-dilution 1 to 5 allows the use of the ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ with analyte concentration up to $5 0 . 0 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# c. Detection limit

# Limit of Detection:

# ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ :

The limit of Detection was obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples prepared from 4 patient samples measured using ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ and diluted with Albumin $6 ~ { 9 } / { \mathrm { d } } \mathsf { L } - { \mathsf { N a C l } } ~ { 0 . 9 } ~ \%$ down to a concentration of circa $0 . 1 5 { \mathrm { ~ m g } } / { \mathrm { d L } }$ . The data are not Gaussian, so $\mathsf { L o D } \mathsf { = L o B } + \mathsf { D S } , \mathsf { \beta }$ (where $\mathsf { D S } , \mathsf { \beta }$ is determined by calculating the median minus the 5th percentile of the low activity sample distribution). Limit of Detection : $0 . 0 4 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ (0.7 μmol/L)

# ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ :

The limit of Detection was obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples prepared from 4 patient samples measured using ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ and diluted with Albumin $6 ~ { 9 } / { \mathrm { d } } \mathsf { L } - { \mathsf { N a C l } } ~ { 0 . 9 } ~ \%$ to obtain a concentration of approximately 4 times the LoB.

The data are not Gaussian, so $\mathsf { L o D } \mathsf { = L o B } + \mathsf { D S } , \mathsf { \beta }$ (where $\mathsf { D S } , \mathsf { \beta }$ is determined by calculating the median minus the 5th percentile of the low activity sample distribution). Limit of Detection : $0 . 0 1 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ $( 0 . 2 \mu \mathrm { m o l } / \mathsf { L } )$

# Limit of Quantification:

# ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ :

The limit of Quantification was obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples prepared from 4 patient samples measured using ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ reagent and diluted with Albumin $6 ~ { 9 } / { \mathrm { d } } \mathsf { L } - { \mathsf { N a C l } } ~ { 0 . 9 } ~ \%$ down to a concentration circa 0.15 mg/dL.

Acceptance criteria: The acceptable Total Error for the determination Limit of Quantification is $\leq 0 . 0 7 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . The value must be equal or higher than the Limit of Detection. Limit of Quantification $= 0 . 1 5 { \mathrm { m g / d L } }$ $( 2 . 6 \mu \mathrm { m o l } / \mathrm { L } )$ )

# ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ :

The limit of Quantification was obtained from 15 measurements of 4 samples prepared from 4 patient samples measured using ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 { + 1 }$ reagent and diluted with Albumin $6 ~ { \tt g } / { \tt d \bar { L } } - { \tt N a c } { \tt l } ~ 0 . 9 ~ \%$ down to a concentration circa of 0.08 ${ \sf m g / d L }$ .

Acceptance criteria: The acceptable Total Error for the determination Limit of Quantification is $\leq 0 . 0 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . The value must be equal or higher than the Limit of Detection. Limit of Quantification $= 0 . 0 8 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ $( 1 . 4 \mu \mathrm { m o l / L } )$ b

# d. Interference/analytical specificity

# ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ :

Interferences due to Triglycerides, Hemoglobin, Acetaminophen, Ascorbic acid, and Acetylsalicylic acid were investigated.

For each potential interferent tested, 2 serum sample pools at two Total Bilirubin levels were prepared:

-1st pool: low concentration at nominal $1 . 0 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ -2nd pool: high concentration at nominal $1 5 . 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Aliquots of each of the serum sample pools were spiked with increasing interferent concentration. Test ranges covered at least the interferent level. Thus, there were two series of interferent spike for each potential interferent tested. A control sample was prepared from the sample pool diluted in the appropriate diluent.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of differentconcentrations tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to3000mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to500mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to30mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to20mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr></table>

Two (2) levels of control (ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL I & II ) were tested to check the calibration.

For both sample pools for each interferent, each point was measured in triplicate per run. Acceptance criteria: an accepted bias of $\pm 1 0 \%$ in sample pools with low $\cdot 1 . 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ or high ( $1 5 . 0 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ nominal activity.

The results of testing interferences are the following:

Triglycerides concentration up to $2 1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { m g / d L } }$ ( $2 3 . 7 3 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L } )$ , Hemoglobin up to 500 ${ \sf m g / d L }$ , Acetaminophen up to $3 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , Ascorbic acid up to 4 mg/dL. Acetylsalicylic acid up to $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

In very rare cases, monoclonal gammopathies (multiple myeloma), in particular IgM type (Waldenstrom’s macroglobulinemia) can cause unreliable results.

The following statement will also be included in the labeling:

Many other substances and drugs may interfere. Some of them are listed in Young. -Young, D. S., Effects of preanalytical variables on clinical laboratory tests, $2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ Ed., AACC Press, (1997).

-Young, D. S., Effects of drugs on clinical laboratory tests, $4 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Ed., AACC Press, (1995). -Berth, M. & Delanghe, J. Protein precipitation as a possible important pitfall in the clinical chemistry analysis of blood samples containing monoclonal immunoglobulins: 2 case reports and a review of literature, Acta Clin Belg., (2004), 59, 263.

# ELITech Clinical Systems DIRECT DIRECT $4 + 1$ :

Interferences due to Triglycerides, Hemoglobin, Acetaminophen, Ascorbic acid, and Acetylsalicylic acid were investigated.

For each potential interferent tested, 2 serum sample pools at two Direct Bilirubin levels were prepared:

-1st pool: low activity at nominal $0 . 4 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ -2nd pool: high activity at nominal 4.00 mg/dL

Aliquots of each of the serum sample pools were spiked with increasing interferent concentration. Test ranges covered at least the interferent level. Thus, there were two series of interferent spike for each potential interferent tested. A control sample was prepared from the sample pool diluted in the appropriate diluent.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of differentconcentrations tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to3000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to 500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to 30 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to 5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to 200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr></table>

Two (2) levels of control (ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL I & II ) were tested to check the calibration.

For both sample pools for each interferent, each point was measured in triplicate per run.

Acceptance criteria: an accepted bias of $\pm 1 0 \%$ in sample pools with low $( 0 . 4 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ or high $( 4 . 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ nominal activity.

The results of testing interferences are the following:

Triglycerides concentration up to $2 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { m g / d L } }$ ( $2 2 . 6 0 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L } $ ), Hemoglobin up to 125 ${ \sf m g / d L }$ , Acetaminophen up to $3 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , Ascorbic acid up to $0 . 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , Acetylsalicylic acid up to $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . In very rare cases, monoclonal gammopathies (multiple myeloma), in particular IgM type (Waldenstrom’s macroglobulinemia) can cause unreliable results.

The following statement will also be included in the labeling:

Many other substances and drugs may interfere. Some of them are listed in Young. -Young, D. S., Effects of preanalytical variables on clinical laboratory tests, $2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ Ed., AACC Press, (1997).   
-Young, D. S., Effects of drugs on clinical laboratory tests, $4 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Ed., AACC Press, (1995). -Berth, M. & Delanghe, J. Protein precipitation as a possible important pitfall in the clinical chemistry analysis of blood samples containing monoclonal immunoglobulins: 2 case reports and a review of literature, Acta Clin Belg., (2004), 59, 263.

# 11. Performance Characteristics – Comparison Studies

# a. Method comparison

Correlation studies were performed between ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1 \ 8$ ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ reagents on a Selectra ProM Analyzer.

# ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ :

This study was performed using 100 serum patient samples from 0.32 to 23.02 mg/dL over a span of 5 days.   
Regression analysis of the results yielded the following:   
$\mathsf { y } = 0 . 9 4 8 \times - 0 . 1 1 \mathrm { m g } / \mathrm { d L }$ .   
$\mathsf { r } = 0 . 9 9 9$   
$\Gamma ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 9$   
Standard error of the estimate $\mathtt { S y . x } = 0 . 1 9 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ :

This study was performed using 100 serum patient samples from 0.09 to 10.52 mg/dL over a span of 5 days.   
Regression analysis of the results yielded the following:   
$\yen 023,456,789$ .   
${ \sf r } = 0 . 9 9 8$   
$\mathsf { r } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 5$   
Standard error of the estimate $\mathtt { S y . x } = 0 . 1 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# b. Comparison study: Matrix comparison

# ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ :

40 plasma patients (in lithium heparin samples, ranging from 0.33 to 24.08 mg/dL), were tested on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra ProM Analyzer.   
Regression analysis of the results yielded the following:   
$\mathsf { y } = 0 . 9 8 5 \mathsf { x } + 0 . 0 3 \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d L }$   
${ \sf r } = 0 . 9 9 8$   
$\Gamma ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 7$   
Standard error of the estimate S $\forall . 8 = 0 . 3 6 ~ \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d L }$

# ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ :

40 plasma patients (in lithium heparin samples, ranging from 0.09 to $7 . 7 8 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } } )$ ), were tested on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra ProM Analyzer.   
Regression analysis of the results yielded the following:   
$\mathsf { y } = 0 . 9 9 0 \mathsf { x } - 0 . 0 1 \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d L }$   
$\mathsf { r } = 0 . 9 9 9$   
$\Gamma ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 7$   
Standard error of the estimate $\mathtt { S y . x } = 0 . 1 4 \mathrm { m g / d L }$

# c. Expected values/Reference Range

As indicated in the instructions for use for both ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1 \ 8$ ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ , each laboratory should establish and maintain its own reference values. The values given are used as guidelines only.

# ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1$ :

Adults : 0.2-1.2 mg/dL ( 3.4-21 μmol/L)

ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ :

< 0.2 mg/dL (3.4 μmol/L)

These reference values are from:

Wu, H.B., General Clinical Tests. Tietz Clinical guide to laboratory tests, 4th Ed., (W.B. Saunders eds. Philadelphia USA), (2006), 172

d. Clinical Studies: Not applicable

# e. Clinical Cut-off:

Not applicable

# 12. Conclusion

The information on the principle and performance of the devices contained in this premarket notification is complete and supports a decision that both ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN TOTAL $4 + 1 \ 8$ ELITech Clinical Systems BILIRUBIN DIRECT $4 + 1$ are substantially equivalent to their respective predicate device.