SEBIA, INC.   
KAREN ANDERSON   
DIRECTOR OF TECHNICAL AND QUALITY ASSURANCE 1705 CORPORATE DRIVE SUITE 400   
NORCROSS GA 30093

Re: k171537 Trade/Device Name: CAPI 3 Hb A1c Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1373 Regulation Name: Hemoglobin A1c Test System Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PDJ Dated: July 24, 2017 Received: July 27, 2017

Dear Ms. Karen Anderson:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k171537

Device Name CAPI 3 Hb A1c

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510K SUMMARY (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness) - K171537

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sebia, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1705 Corporate Drive Suite 400Norcross, Georgia 30093, USA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Karen Anderson, Dir of Technical and QAPhone: 1-800-835-6497Fax: 770-446-8511Email: karen.anderson@sebia-usa.comAigars Brants, Ph.D, Scientific Affairs OfficerPhone 1-800-835-6497Fax 770-446-8511Email: aigars.brants@sebia-usa.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>August 14, 2017</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SebiaParc Technologique Léonard de VinciRue Léonard de Vinci,CP 8010 LISSES, 91008 EVRY CedexFRANCEPhone: (33) 1 69 89 80 80Fax: (33) 1 69 89 78 78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPI 3 Hb A1c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) by capillaryelectrophoresis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Regulation No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1373</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PDJ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device classification and PanelClassification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClassII , Clinical Chemistry(75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8023024</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument uses the principle of capillary electrophoresis in free solution. With this technique, charged molecules are separated by their electrophoretic mobility in an alkaline buffer with a specific pH. Separation occurs according to the electrolyte pH and electroosmotic flow.

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument has silica capillaries functioning in parallel allowing 12 simultaneous analyses of HbA1c quantification in a whole blood sample. A sample dilution with hemolysing solution is prepared and injected by aspiration at the anodic end of the capillary. A high voltage protein separation is then performed and direct detection of the hemoglobins is made at the cathodic end of the capillary at $4 1 5 \mathsf { n m }$ , which is the absorbance wave length specific to hemoglobins. Before each run, the capillaries are washed with a wash solution and prepared for the next analysis with buffer.

Direct detection provides accurate relative quantification of individual hemoglobin A1c fraction. In addition, the high resolution of CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure allows the quantification of HbA1c even in the presence of labile HbA1c, carbamylated and acetylated hemoglobins, and major hemoglobin variants.

By using an alkaline pH buffer, normal and abnormal (or variant) hemoglobins are detected in the following order, from cathode to anode: A2/C, E, S/D, F, A0, other Hb (including minor Hb A1) and then A1c.

The HbA1c concentrations are standardized and indicated in %HbA1c (DCCT/NGSP) and in mmol/mol (IFCC) units.

# Reagents:

# CAPI 3 Hb A1c KIT

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ITEMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 2515</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffer (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 vials, 700 mL each</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysing solution (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 700 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Filters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 filters</td></tr></table>

# Additional reagents not included in the CAPI 3 Hb A1c KIT

510(k) Summary 2   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ITEMS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COMPONENTS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPICLEAN CAPILLARYS 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2060</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 vial, 25 mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPILLARYS 3 WASH SOLUTION</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2062</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 vial, 75mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 DISPOSABLES KIT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2580</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 packs of 14 reagent cups5 bins for used reagent cups</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEST TUBES</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9214</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 of 100 mm-tubes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 BINS FOR USED REAGENTCUPS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2581</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 units</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TUBES AND CAPS FORCONTROLS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92029205</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 units500 units</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 REAGENT CUPS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2582</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 packs of 14 reagent cups</td></tr></table>

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

# CAPI 3 Hb A1c kit:

The CAPI 3 Hb A1c kit is intended for separation and quantification of the HbA1c glycated fraction of hemoglobin (in IFCC unit (mmol/mol) and NGSP unit $( \% ) ,$ ) in venous whole human blood, by capillary electrophoresis in alkaline buffer with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument. Measurement of hemoglobin A1c is used as an aid in diagnosis of diabetes, as an aid to identify patients who may be at risk for developing diabetes mellitus, and for the monitoring of longterm blood glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus. The CAPI 3 Hb A1c kit is intended for in vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument uses the principle of capillary electrophoresis in free solution which is the most common form of capillary electrophoresis. With this technique, charged molecules are separated by their electrophoretic mobility in an alkaline buffer with a specific pH. Separation also occurs according to the electrolyte pH and electroosmotic flow.

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument has silica capillaries functioning in parallel allowing 12 simultaneous analyses of Hb A1c quantification in a whole blood sample. A sample dilution with hemolysing solution is prepared and injected by aspiration at the anodic end of the capillary. A high voltage protein separation is then performed and direct detection of the hemoglobins is made at the cathodic end of the capillary at $4 1 5 \mathsf { n m }$ , which is the absorbance wave length specific to hemoglobins. Before each run, the capillaries are washed with a wash solution and prepared for the next analysis with buffer.

Direct detection provides accurate relative quantification of individual hemoglobin A1c fraction. In addition, the high resolution of CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure allows the quantification of HbA1c, and particularly, even in the presence of labile HbA1c, carbamylated and acetylated hemoglobins, and major hemoglobin variants.

By using an alkaline pH buffer, normal and abnormal (or variant) hemoglobins are detected in the following order, from cathode to anode: A2/C, E, S/D, F, A0, other Hb (including minor Hb A1) and then A1c.

# 4. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION:

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device Name</td><td>Predicate Device 510(k) number</td><td></td><td>Product Code Regulation No.</td></tr><tr><td>Tosoh Automated Glycohemoglobin Analyzer HLC- 723G-8</td><td>k131580</td><td>PDJ</td><td>862.1373</td></tr></table>

Similarities between the candidate device (CAPI 3 Hb A1c) and the predicate device (Tosoh HLC-723G8, k131580 (Table A).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Table A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sebia CAPI 3 Hb A1c CandidateDevice</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tosoh HLC-723G8 PredicateDevice (k131580)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CAPI 3 Hb A1c kit is intended forseparation and quantification of the HbA1cglycated fraction of hemoglobin (in IFCC unit(mmol/mol) and NGSP unit (%)) in venouswhole human blood, by capillaryelectrophoresis in alkaline buffer with theCAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument.Measurement of hemoglobin A1c is used asan aid in diagnosis of diabetes, as an aid toidentify patients who may be at risk fordeveloping diabetes mellitus, and for themonitoring of long-term blood glucose controlin individuals with diabetes mellitus. The CAPI3 Hb A1c kit is intended for in vitro DiagnosticUse Only.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Tosoh AutomatedGlycohemoglobin AnalyzerHLC723G8 is intended for the in vitrodiagnostic use for the measurement of% hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c)(DCCT/NGSP) and mmol/molhemoglobin A1c (IFCC) in wholeblood specimens. This test is to beused as an aid in diagnosis ofdiabetes and identifying patients whomay be at risk of developing diabetes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to the Diabetes Contraol andComplications Trial (DCCT) referencemethod and IFCC. Certified via the NationalGlycohemoglobin Standardization Program(NGSP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LinearityMeasuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 - 16.5% (NGSP)20 - 157 mmol/mol ( IFCC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 - 16.9 %</td></tr></table>

Table B. Differences between the predicate device (CAPI 3 Hb A1c) and the candidate device (Tosoh HLC-723G8, k131580) in (Table B).   

<table><tr><td>Total Error allowable bias 6%</td><td>Concentration TE% 5.2 4.4 6.5 2.9 8.1 2.3 11.9 3.6</td><td>Concentration 5.0 6.5 8.0 12.0</td><td>TE% 5.8 2.8 3.0 3.1</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin Variant Interferences</td><td>HbA2, HbF, HbS, HbC, HbD, does not interfere with this assay</td><td colspan="2">HbA2, HbF, HbS, HbC, HbD, does not interfere with this assay</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Table B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sebia CAPI 3 Hb A1cCandidate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tosoh HLC-723G8Predicate Device (k131580)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary electrophoresis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lon-exchange HPLC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemoglobinVariantInterferences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb E no interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb E has known interference, a HbEflag is displayed and no Hb A1c isreported.</td></tr></table>

# 5. Performance Data:

# a. Precision / Reproducibility:-

The precision of the CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure using the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA was evaluated based on CLSI guidelines EP05-A3 guidelines, Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures. Four whole blood samples at the following targeted HbA1c concentration of $\sim 5 \% , \sim 6 . 5 \% , \sim 8 \%$ , and ${ \sim } 1 2 \%$ were used in the study. The study included two quality control materials and two calibrators. The samples were analyzed in duplicate on two capillaries per run on 3 instruments. The studied used three lots of kits over 24 days yielding a total of 1728 results over total testing time of 72 days.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Betweencapillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Betweeninstrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility(*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,1%</td></tr></table>

al reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day, between-lot and between-inst

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-ccappillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Betweencapillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Betweeninstrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility(*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Total reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day, between-lot and between-instrument.

The reproducibility within the same instrument is summarized in the following tables:

including within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day, between-lot and total reproducibility precision estimates (SD and $\% 0 \%$ ) for the ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ concentrations (in mmol/mol) and percentages for each instrument.   
including the within-lot precision estimates (SD and $\% 0 \%$ ) for the ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 \mathsf { c } }$ concentrations (in mmol/mol) and percentages for each lot on each instrument.

# Instrument No. 1

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Betweencapillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility(*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,5%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Total reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day and between-lot.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Within-lot (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Within-lot reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run and between-day.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Betweencapillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility(*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,0%</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary 7

(\*) Total reproducibility includes $\boldsymbol { : }$ within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day and between-lot.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Within-lot (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Within-lot reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run and between-day.

# Instrument No. 2

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-cappillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Betweencapillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility(*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Total reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day and between-lot.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Within-lot (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Within-lot reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run and between-day.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Betweencapillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility(*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Total reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day and between-lot.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Within-lot (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Within-lot reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run and between-day.

Instrument No. 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Betweencapillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility(*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Total reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day and between-lot.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Within-lot (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Within-lot reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run and between-day.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Betweencapillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility(*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Total reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day and between-lot.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Within-lot (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Within-lot reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run and between-day.

# b. Linearity / assay reportable range

A linearity study was performed per CLSI EP06-A: Evaluation of Quantitative Measuring Procedures; A Statistical Approach. Linearity across the reportable range was performed using low $3 . 8 \%$ Hb A1c (18 mmol/mol) and high $1 7 . 3 \%$ (166 mmol/mol).

# Mixture of 2 different blood samples:

2 characteristic blood samples, including a normal sample and an elevated $\mathsf { H b } \mathsf { A } _ { 1 \mathsf { c } }$ level sample were mixed within different proportions and the mixtures were electrophoresed with the CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure. For each mixture, samples were analyzed in triplicate.

The tests were determined to be linear within the entire range studied for ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ hemoglobin fraction. The stated measuring range is 20 mmol/mol to 157 mmol/mol HbA1c ( $4 . 0 \%$ to $1 6 . 5 \%$ ${ \mathsf { H b A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } } )$ .

# Dilution of 4 different blood samples in hemolysing solution :

4 different characteristic blood samples, including 1 normal sample with HbA1c concentration at 21 mmol/mol ( $4 . 1 \%$ HbA1c), 1 sample with HbA1c level close to the cut-off value with HbA1c concentration at 47 mmol/mol $( 6 . 4 \%$ HbA1c) and 2 elevated HbA1c level samples with HbA1c concentrations at 82 mmol/mol $9 . 6 \%$ HbA1c) and at 134 mmol/mol ( $1 4 . 4 \%$ HbA1c), were all serially diluted in hemolysing solution and electrophoresed with the CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure. The tests were determined to be linear within the entire ranges studied from 2.9 to $3 0 . 5 ~ \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { d L }$ total hemoglobin and HbA1c fraction concentration and percentage were not affected by the hemoglobin concentration of the samples.

# c. Traceability, Stability (controls, calibrators, or methods)

The CAPI 3 Hb A1c test standardization is traceable to the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry (IFCC) reference calibrators.

The CAPI 3 Hb A1c assay is NGSP certified. The NGSP certification expires in one year. See the NGSP website for current certification at http://www.ngsp.org

Hb A1c results are provided in two different units: NGSP equivalent units $( \% )$ and IFCC equivalent units (mmol/mol).

# d. Calibrators and Controls

The Hb A1c CAPILLARY CALIBRATORS are required for use with this device. Value assignment and stability protocal and acceptance criteria were previously reviewed and cleared in k162281 and k122101.

Sebia MULTI-SYSTEM Hb A1c CAPILLARYS CONTROLS are required for use with this device and cleared in submission k162281.

# e. Comparison Studies

A method comparison study of 152 variant-free whole blood samples covering the measuring range were evaluated using the Capi3 Hb A1c kit and the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument. The results were compared to the testing performed at a NGSP reference laboratory using the cleared HPLC HbA1c method (Automated Glycohemoglobin Analyzer HLC-712G8).

To support the diagnostic claim for HbA1c the samples spanned around the decision points as follows:

HbA1c results given as a NGSP unit $( \% )$   

<table><tr><td>HbA1c level</td><td>Number of samples</td><td>% of samples</td></tr><tr><td>HbA1c ≤ 5 %</td><td>9</td><td>6</td></tr><tr><td>5,0 % &lt; HbA1c ≤ 6,0 %</td><td>19</td><td>13</td></tr><tr><td>6,0 % &lt; HbA1c ≤ 6,5 %</td><td>35</td><td>23</td></tr><tr><td>6,5 % &lt; HbA1c ≤ 7,0 %</td><td>36</td><td>24</td></tr><tr><td>7,0 % &lt; HbA1c ≤ 8,0 %</td><td>23</td><td>15</td></tr><tr><td>8,0 %&lt; HbA1c ≤ 9,0 %</td><td>13</td><td>9</td></tr><tr><td>HbA1c &gt; 9,0 %</td><td>17</td><td>11</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>152</td><td>100</td></tr></table>

152 samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation coefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range of HbA1c % valuesCAPI 3 Hb A1c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0,142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,9 - 16,5</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Regression Analysis (HbA1c fraction)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Ordinary linear fit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95 % Confidence Intervals are shown in parentheses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Points (Plotted/Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152/152</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results Ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,9 to 16,5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;6.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation coefficient (r)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,014 (1,007 to 1,021)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0,142 (-0,197 to -0,087)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average bias (all samples)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0,04 (-0,06 to -0,02)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias at normal range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The bias at 6,5 is -0,05 (-0,07 to -0,03)</td></tr></table>

The unit of the bias is the same of the result provided $( \% )$

# f. Total Error Calculations

Total error (TE) is calculated for 4 concentrations, corresponding to the concentrations of the samples used in the reproducibility study, $( 5 . 2 \%$ , $6 . 5 \%$ , $8 . 1 \%$ and $1 1 . 9 \%$ ) using the results of bias estimation (%Bias) and coefficients of variation (CV).

Total Error is calculated as follows: $\% \mathsf { T E } = | \% \mathsf { B i a s } | + 1 . 9 6 \mathsf { \Omega } ^ { \star } \mathsf { C V } ^ { \star } ( 1 + \mathsf { \Omega } ^ { \circ } / \mathsf { B i a s } / 1 0 0 ) ) .$

The results are presented in the following table for the CAPI3 Hb A1c using the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument:

HbA1c results given as a NGSP unit (%)   

<table><tr><td>Linear equation regression</td><td>Target (%)</td><td>y from linear equation</td><td>Deviation from target</td><td>%Bias</td><td>cV (%)</td><td>TE (%)</td><td>Specification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">y= 1,014 x -0,142</td><td>5,2</td><td>5,1</td><td>-0,1</td><td>-1,32</td><td>1,6</td><td>4,4</td><td rowspan="4">≤ 6,0 %</td></tr><tr><td>6,5</td><td>6,4</td><td>-0,1</td><td>-0,77</td><td>1,1</td><td>2,9</td></tr><tr><td>8,1</td><td>8,1</td><td>0,0</td><td>-0,34</td><td>1,0</td><td>2,3</td></tr><tr><td>11,9</td><td>11,9</td><td>0,0</td><td>0,22</td><td>1,7</td><td>3,6</td></tr></table>

# g. Interferences

Interference studies were performed per CLSI EP07-A2, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry. Each study was performed using 2 different whole blood samples: a blood sample close to the cut-off value and a blood sample with elevated HbA1c level. Ten replicates were analyzed using the CAPI 3 Hb A1c on the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA testing system.

No interference with the CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure was detected due to the blood sample’s high concentration of the following interfering factors tested at levels equal to the concentrations listed below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous interfering factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70 mg/dL (1197μM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL(55mM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glycated Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1294 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149.5 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.58 g/dL- (40.9 mM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265 mg/dL (44.2 mM)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary 13   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200mg/L(1325 μM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylcysteine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200mg/dL(12.3mM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicilycacid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000mg/dL(55.56 mM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin-Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000mg/dL(28653μM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300mg/dL(17045μM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cefoxitin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2500mg/dL(58548μM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclosporine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxycycline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL (1123.6 µM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glybenclamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000 U/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500mg/L(2427 μM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levodopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metformin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methyldopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL (1896 μM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200mg/dL(11696 μM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylbutazone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400mg/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rifampicin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70 mg/L(85.1 μM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/L (556 μM)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin Derivatives and crossreactants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrations</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamylated Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 8.1 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1a+b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.20  mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labile HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 20.0 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylated hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 4.2 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glycated Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 2.2 mg/mL</td></tr></table>

Hemoglobin Variant Study was performed using specific samples known to contain hemoglobin variants S, C, E, D, A2 and F. The samples were analyzed with a reference method performed in a NGSP laboratory (reference) and with CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure on CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument (test): percentages of HbA1c fraction. The relative deviation $( \% )$ between the reference procedure and the test procedure has been calculated for each sample (see the following tables).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemoglobinVariants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.ofSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranges in %Variant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range of % HbA1cConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0-7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5-11.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5-23.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1-15.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.0-40.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9-14.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.6-37.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9-12.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.5-41.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2-12.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1-26.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9-9.6</td></tr></table>

The percent relative bias from a reference method (commercially available high-performance liquid chromatography technique for ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 \mathsf { c } }$ quantification) at low and high concentrations of ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ in each sample is:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relative % Bias fromReference Method ~ 6.5 % Hb A1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relative % Bias fromReference Method ~ 9 % Hb A1c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemoglobinVariant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Relative % Bias(Range of % Bias for Hb A1c)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Relative % Bias(Range of % Bias for Hb A1c)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6% (0% - 3.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9% (1.1% - 5.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.8% (- 3.1% - 0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9% (3.3% - 4.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0% (0% - 1.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8% (0% - 2.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5% (-1.5% - 1.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 % (0%-2.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7% (0 %-1.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 % (0%-1.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.1% (-3.3% -4.9 % )</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.8% (0%-2.0%)</td></tr></table>

- A significant negative interference has been observed with fetal hemoglobin (HbF) concentrations $> 2 3 \%$ . HbA1c results are invalid for patients with high amounts of HbF $( > 2 3 \% )$ including those with known Hereditary Persistence of Fetal Hemoglobin

- Levels of Hb A2 up to $7 . 8 \%$ in the blood sample do not interfere with HbA1c fraction quantification.

- No interference has been observed with HbA1c fraction quantification due to the presence of major abnormal hemoglobins Hb S $( \leq 4 0 . 8 ~ \% )$ , Hb C ( $\leq 3 7 . 6 \ \%$ ), Hb D $( \leq 4 1 . 3 \% )$ and Hb E (≤ $2 6 . 8 \%$ ).

# h. Expected Values/ Reference Range

Hemoglobin $\mathsf { A } _ { 1 \mathsf { c } }$ expected value range was cited from the American Diabetes Association (Standards of Medical Care in Diabetes 2016, 39 (Suppl 1)). The American Diabetes Association’s (ADA) most recent Clinical Practice are:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1c Range (IFCC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1c Range (NGSP/DCCT)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 39 mmol/mol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 5.7 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prediabetes (increased risk fordiabetes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 mmol/mol - 47 mmol/mol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7 % - 6.4 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diabetes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 48 mmol/mol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 6.5 %</td></tr></table>

The expected ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ range for non-diabetic adults is $2 0 - 4 2 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / m o l }$ or $4 . 0 - 6 . 0 \%$ . However, each laboratory should establish its reference range and HbA1c goal in their country of business taking into account sex, age, ethnicity and individual patient situation.

# 6. Special Controls for Diabetes Diagnosis Claim

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YES OR NO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Special Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device must have initial and annual standarization verification bycertifying glycohemoglobin standardization organization deemedacceptable by FDA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance testing of device precision must, at a minimum use bloodsamples with concentrations near 5.0%, 6.5%, 8.0% and 12 %hemoglobin A1c. Testing must evaluate precision over a minimum of20 days using at least 3 lots of the device and instruments, asapplicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance testing of accuracy must include a minimum of 120blood samples that span the measuring interval of the new deviceand compare results of the new device to results of the standardizedmethod. Results must demonstrate little or no bias versus thestandardized method.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total error of the new device must be evaluated using singlemeasurments by the new device compared to the results of thestandardized test method, and this evaluation must demonstrate atotal error of less than or equal to 6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance testing must demonstrate that there is littel to nointerference from common hemoglobin variants, includingHemoglobin C, Hemoglobin D, Hemoglobin E, Hemoglobin A2 andHemoglobin S.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>When assay interference from Hemoglobin F or interference withother hemoglobin variants with low frequency in the population isobserved, a warning statement must be placed in a black box andmust appear in all the labeling material for these deivces describingthe interference and any affected population.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.