January 25, 2018

Lite-On Technology Corp. H.S.P.B.   
$\%$ Feng-Yu Lee   
Principal Consultant   
Dynamic Biotech, Inc. dba IVDD Regulatory Consultant 29222 Rancho Viejo Rd., Suite 218   
San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675

Re: K171971 Trade/Device Name: Comprehensive Metabolic Panel skyla Clinical Chemistry Analyzer Minicare C300 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1050 Regulation Name: Alkaline phosphatase or isoenzymes test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CJE, CKA, CDN, CGX, CIT, JJG Dated: December 4, 2017 Received: December 13, 2017

Dear Feng-Yu Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,y

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k171971

Device Name Comprehensive Metabolic Panel, skyla Clinical Chemistry Analyzer,Minicare C300 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Comprehensive Metabolic Panel is intended to be used for the quantitative determination of Alkaline Phosphate (ALP), Alanine Aminotransferase (ALP/GPT), Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST/GOT), Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN) and Creatinine (CREA) in concentrations in lithium-heparinized venous whole blood, heparinized plasma, or serum in a clinical laboratory setting or point-of-care location.

- Alkaline phosphatase or its isoenzymes measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, bone, parathyroid, and intestinal diseases.

Alanine aminotransferase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain liver diseases (e.g., viral hepatitis and cirrhosis) and heart diseases.

Aspartate aminotransferase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain types of liver and heart disease.

- Blood urea nitrogen measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain types of renal and metabolic diseases.

Creatinine measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases, in monitoring renal dialysis, and as a calculation basis for measuring other urine analytes.

The skyla Clinical Chemistry Analyzer is an in-vitro diagnostic device for the quantitative determination of clinical chemistry analytes in lithium-heparinized venous whole blood, heparinized plasma, or serum. It is for clinical laboratory and point-of-care use.

The Minicare C300 Clinical Analyzer is an in-vitro diagnostic devices for the quantitative determination of clinical chemistry analytes in lithium-heparinized venous whole blood, heparinized plasma, or serum. It is for clinical laboratory and point-of-care use.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.   
The assigned 510(k) number is k171971.

# I. APPLICANT INFORMATION:

Name: Lite-On Technology Corp. Hsinchu Science Park Branch   
Address: 8, Dusing Road, Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu 30078, Taiwan, R.O.C.   
Phone: +886-3-5787722   
Fax: +886-3-5795393   
$\mathrm { c / o }$ IVDD Regulatory Consultant   
29222 Rancho Viejo Road, Suite 218, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675   
Contact Person: Feng-Yu Lee   
Phone Number: 1-949-218-0929   
Fax Number: 1-949-218-0928

Date Summary Prepared: January $2 4 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ , 2018

# II. DEVICES INFORMATION:

# Trade Name:

skyla Clinical Chemistry Analyzer, Minicare C300 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer Comprehensive Metabolic Panel

# Classification name, product code, and regulation number

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation number/Class</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer, chemistry, centrifugal, for clinical use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.2140/ Class I, 510(k)exempt*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alanineaminotransferase(ALT/SGPT)−testsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1030/ Class I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline phosphatase or isoenzymes test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CJE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1050/ Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartateaminotransferase(AST/SGOT) testsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CIT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1100/ Class II,510(k) exempt*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea nitrogen test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1770 / Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CGX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1225/Class II</td></tr></table>

\* Meets limitations of exemption per 21 CRF $\ S$ 862.9 (c)(9)

# III. PREDICATE DEVICE

The following table identifies the legally marketed device to which Lite-On claims equivalence.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>skyla Clinical ChemistryAnalyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PiccoloTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abaxis, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K942782</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComprehensiveMetabolic Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComprehensiveMetabolic Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abaxis, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K942782K950164</td></tr></table>

# IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

The skyla Clinical Chemistry Analyzer, Minicare C300 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer (private label) and Comprehensive Metabolic Panel is an automatic chemistry system intended for use in clinical laboratories or point-of-care locations. The system consists of a portable analyzer and single-use disposable reagent panel discs.

The analyzer utilizes precision photometric measurement technology, combined with the use of specific reagent panel disc, to measure the amount of substance in blood. The analyzer measures absorbance change of each reaction well in reagent panel disc and covert it to a concentration value for each analyte included on the panel.

The skyla and Minicare Comprehensive Metabolic Panel reagent disc (which contains the Alkaline Phosphatase, Alanine Aminotransferase, Aspartate Aminotransferase, Blood Urea Nitrogen and Creatinine test systems) is designed to separate a heparinized venous whole blood sample into plasma and blood cells. The disc meters the required quantity of plasma and diluent, mixes the plasma with diluent, and delivers the mixture to the reaction cuvettes along the disc perimeter. The diluted plasma mixes with the reagent beads, initiating the chemical reactions that are then monitored by the analyzer.

# V. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The Comprehensive Metabolic Panel is intended to be used for the quantitative determination of Alkaline Phosphate (ALP), Alanine Aminotransferase (ALP/GPT), Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST/GOT), Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN) and Creatinine (CREA) in concentrations in lithium-heparinized venous whole blood, heparinized plasma, or serum in a clinical laboratory setting or point-of-care location.

Alkaline phosphatase or its isoenzymes measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, bone, parathyroid, and intestinal diseases. Alanine aminotransferase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain liver diseases (e.g., viral hepatitis and cirrhosis) and heart diseases. Aspartate aminotransferase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain types of liver and heart disease. Blood urea nitrogen measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain types of renal and metabolic diseases. Creatinine measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases, in monitoring renal dialysis, and as a calculation basis for measuring other urine analytes.

# skyla Clinical Chemistry Analyzer

The skyla Clinical Chemistry Analyzer is an in-vitro diagnostic device for the quantitative determination of clinical chemistry analytes in lithium-heparinized venous whole blood, heparinized plasma, or serum. It is for clinical laboratory and point-of-care use.

# Minicare C300 Clinical Analyzer

The Minicare C300 Clinical Analyzer is an in-vitro diagnostic device for the quantitative determination of clinical chemistry analytes in lithium-heparinized venous whole blood, heparinized plasma, or serum. It is for clinical laboratory and point-of-care use.

# VI. COMPARISION OF TECHNOLOGY CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

The tables below outline the technological characteristics of the skyla Clinical Chemistry Analyzer, Minicare C300 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer and Comprehensive Metabolic Panel Reagent in comparison to the legally marketed predicate devices.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry Analyzerskyla / Minicare C300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceK942782</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>quantitative  determination   ofclinical chemistryanalytesinlithium-heparinized venous wholeblood, heparinized plasma, orserum. It is for clinical laboratoryand point-of-care use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Point-of-Care,    quantitativedetermination   of  clinicalchemistry     analytes    inheparinized  wholeblood,heparinized plasma, or serum.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Light source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEDs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xenon arc stroboscopic lamp</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detector</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Photodiode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Height x Widthx Depth</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Skyla: 300 x 223 x 285 mmMinicare: 200 x 185 x 262 mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242 x 153 x 292mm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 min.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 min.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method       ofmeasurements</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colorimetry (Absorbance)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Centrifugation technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bloodseparationfunction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Integrated in the device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testingenvironment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical laboratory, point-of-care</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assaytemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37°C (98.6°F)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Powerrequirement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100-240 volts AC; 50-60 Hz; or 12volts DC, 5.0A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100-240 volts AC; 50-60 Hz;or 15 volts DC, 5.0A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electromagneticcompatibilityand electricalafety</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 60601-1-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 - 90°F (10 - 32°C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59 - 90°F (15 - 32°C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μL</td></tr></table>

Comprehensive Metabolic Panel, Alanine aminotransferase   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceK942782/K950164</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classificationproduct code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALT: CKAALP: CJEAST: CITBNU: CDNCREA: CGX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative   determination   ofalanine aminotransferase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestingEnvironment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical lab or point-of-care setting</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human lithium heparinized venouswhole blood, lithium heparinizedplasma, and serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionWavelength</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALT: 340 nmALP: 405 nmAST: 340 nmBUN: 340 nmCREA: 546 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALT: 340 - 405 nmALP: 405 - 500 nmAST: 340 - 405 nmBUN: 340 - 405 nmCREA: 550 nm - 600 nm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALT: 2.350 U/LALP: 4.405 U/LAST: 6.695 U/LBUN: 1.526 mg/dLCREA: 0.262 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALT: 5 U/LALP: 5 U/LAST: 5 U/LBUN: 2.0 mg/dLCREA: 0.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALT: 20 - 500 U/LALP: 41 - 1500 U/LAST: 20 - 1000 U/LBUN: 2 - 120 mg/dLCREA: 0.6 - 20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALT: 5 - 2000 U/LALP: 5 - 2400 U/LAST: 5 - 2000 U/LBUN: 2 - 180 mg/dLCREA: 0.2 - 20 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# VII. PERFORMANCE DATA

1. Brief Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence are as follows:

a. Internal precision/ Reproducibility Internal precision was conducted using CLSI EP5 guidelines. Three levels (low, Middle, high) of patient serum samples were tested quadruplicate a day for 20 working days (80 runs). Each of 2 runs per day was separated by at least 4 hours.

The results were summarized as below table. All six test systems showed a good precision with $\% \mathrm { C V }$ being less than $10 \%$ for three different levels of patient serum samples.

Internal Precision Summary:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ALP (U/L)n = 80 per level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>788.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1403.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ALT (U/L)n = 80 per level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AST (U/L)n = 80 per level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>282.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>839.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BUN (mg/dL)n = 80 per level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>CREA (mg/dL)n = 80 per level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr></table>

# b. Matrix Comparison

Studies were performed using lithium heparinized venous whole blood, lithium heparinized plasma, and serum. A total of 40 human samples were analyzed by skyla Test Systems. The linear regression analyses are as follows:

# Result of Matrix Comparison

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CorrelationCoefficient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ALP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum vs. Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9997</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.994</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma vs. WB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WB vs. Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9997</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.996</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ALT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum vs. Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma vs.. WB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WB vs. Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9997</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.993</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">AST</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum vs. Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9987</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.988</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma vs. WB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9990</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.024</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-7.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WB vs. Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9989</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.988</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">BUN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum vs. Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9989</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma vs. WB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9988</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.26</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WB vs. Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9990</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.982</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.71</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">CREA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum vs. Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9965</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.960</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma vs. WB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9964</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.037</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WB vs. Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9971</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.02</td></tr></table>

# c. Detection Limit

The limit of blank (LOB), limit of detection (LOD), and limit of quantitation (LOQ) were determined according to CLSI EP17. The LoB is the 95th percentile value from 60 measurements of a near zero of sample over 10 days. LoD and LoQ were performed using serum sample containing very low concentrations of the analyte to be tested in triplicate using 2 lots of reagents disc for ten days. The LoD of all analytes met the requirements for total error for each analyte, hence $\mathrm { L o D } = \mathrm { L o Q }$ . The result of LoB, LoD and LoQ are summarized below table.

Detection Limit Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALP (U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.405</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALT (U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.701</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.228</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AST (U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.695</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.690</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.795</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.526</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.526</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CREA (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.262</td></tr></table>

# d. Linearity

The linearity studies of alanine aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase, aspartate aminotransferase, blood urea nitrogen and creatinine were conducted in accordance to CLSI EP6. A high and low human serum pool samples were proportionally mix to create 9 intermediate dilutions that span the claimed measuring range of each analyte test. Some high serum pool of analytes were spiked to obtained sample that concentration range is $\geqq$ upper claimed measuring range. The observed values were plotted against the expected values and linear regression analysis was performed. Summary results are provided in the table below.

Linearity Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regressioncoefficient (R²)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claimed Linearity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALP (U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 - 2083</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9967</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41-1500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALT (U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17-535</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 - 500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AST (U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 - 1021.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 - 1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 - 126.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CREA (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48 - 21.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 - 20</td></tr></table>

# e. Interference Testing

Endogenous Interferences The endogenous interferences were performed in accordance with CLSI EP07. The data demonstrated that the ALP, ALT, AST, BUN and CREA test systems were not affected by high levels of the following substances at the levels noted:

# Summary of Endogenous Interferences

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Test Item</td><td colspan="4">substance concentration with interferences of less than 10%</td></tr><tr><td>Hemolysis</td><td>Icterus</td><td>Icterus</td><td>Lipemia [Intralipid]</td></tr><tr><td>ALP</td><td>[Hemoglobin] 600 mg/dL</td><td>[Bilirubin (unconjugated)] 66.4 mg/dL</td><td>[Bilirubin (conjugated)] 32.7 mg/dL</td><td>1032 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>ALT</td><td>243 mg/dL</td><td>60.3 mg/dL</td><td>18.2 mg/dL</td><td>411 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>AST</td><td>202 mg/dL</td><td>15.9 mg/dL</td><td>32.7 mg/dL</td><td>189.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>BUN</td><td>600 mg/dL</td><td>66.4 mg/dL</td><td>29.3 mg/dL</td><td>1032 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>CREA</td><td>224 mg/dL</td><td>13.1 mg/dL</td><td>2.6 mg/dL</td><td>390.8 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Lack of interference was defined as recoveries between $90 \%$ and $1 1 0 \%$ of the neat value, and assay performance claims were established on the skyla Clinical Chemistry Analyzer by testing two different concentrations (normal and abnormal) of the analytes (ALP, ALT, AST, BUN and CREA).

# Exogenous substances

A total of 10 exogenous substances were selected as potential interferents. For each potential interferent, two concentrations (low and high level) of sample were tested for the study. Significant interference is defined as a ${ > } 1 0 \%$ shift in the test result. None of the substances at the concentration listed below significantly interfered $( > 1 0 \% )$ with ALT, ALP, AST, BUN and CREA recovery.

# Summary of Exogenous Substances

<table><tr><td>Substance</td><td>Test Concentration</td><td>Affected Test Item</td><td>Effect</td></tr><tr><td>Acetaminophen</td><td>20 mg/dL</td><td>No significant interference</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td>65 mg/dL</td><td>No significant interference</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ampicillin</td><td>5 mg/dL</td><td>No significant interference</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ascorbic acid</td><td>6 mg/dL</td><td>No significant interference</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Caffenine</td><td>6 mg/dL</td><td>No significant interference</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Cephalothin</td><td>30 mg/dL</td><td>No significant interference</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Cimetidine</td><td>2 mg/dL</td><td>No significant interference</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ibuprofen</td><td>50 mg/dL</td><td>CREA</td><td>11.8% Inc.</td></tr><tr><td>Salicylic acid</td><td>60 mg/dL</td><td>ALT</td><td>16.3% Dec.</td></tr><tr><td>Theophylline</td><td>4 mg/dL</td><td>ALP</td><td>14.4% Dec.</td></tr></table>

# f. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods)

Traceability: The calibrators are traceable to Siemens ADVIA Chemistry analyzer method calibration to below reference material or method. The calibration parameters of each test system were established internally, and are unique with each reagent lot. The calibration information is bar-encoded on each reagent disc. No user calibration is required.

Quality control beads are included on each reagent disk and automatically run with each assay. The information from this quality control analysis is stored with the test results and can be printed by the user. This is the internal build-in control to check fluidics, spectrophotometer, temperature, and sufficient sample delivery. In addition, sponsor recommends user to test quality controls according the federal, state, and local regulations in the labeling.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference material / method</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ADVIA ALT method is traceable to the IFCC reference method viapatient sample correlation.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ADVIA ALP method is traceable to the IFCC reference method viapatient sample correlation.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AST</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ADVIA AST method is traceable to the IFCC reference method viapatient sample correlation.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BUN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ADVIA BUN method is traceable to the CDC reference method,which uses reference materials from the National Institute of Standardsand Technology (NIST). via patient sample correlation.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CREA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ADVIA CREA_2 method is traceable to the IDMS Reference Methodvia correlation of patient samples and reference material SRM967 fromthe National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST).</td></tr></table>

Stability: Real time stability studies have been conducted. Protocols and acceptance criteria were described and found to be acceptable. When stored at 2-8 $^ \mathrm { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ the assay reagent is good until the expiration date. The shelf life of the test systems is 12 months when stored at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

In-use stability & Temperature/Humidity: “ Temperature/Humidity Study” & “In-use stability study” have been conducted together to simulate the extremes condition and the results covered what we claimed: 1. Do not place the reagent disc at the environment more than $2 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ and longer than 48 hours prior to use. 2. Testing should be performed within 20 minutes after the pouch is opened. 3. Operation temperatures & humidity： $1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } { \sim } 3 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } ~ ; ~ { < } 9 5 \%$ relative humidity.

2. Brief Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence are as follows:

Point-of-care (POC) Studies

Studies for method comparison and precision were performed by nine operators at three POC sites to evaluate the skyla Clinical Chemistry Analyzer with skyla’s alanine aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase, aspartate aminotransferase, blood urea nitrogen and creatinine test system.

a. POC Method comparison, whole blood and serum

The method comparison study was performed at three POC sites using over 120 heparinized venous whole blood and serum samples for ALT, ALP, AST, BUN and CREA test systems in comparison with comparative laboratory clinical analyzer, Beckman Coulter AU2700. Summary data is as follows:

Summary Result of Method Comparison, Whole blood   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CorrelationCoefficient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample range</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9987</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.996</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">221</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41 - 1429 U/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9980</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">185</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 492 U/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AST</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9988</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">174</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 998 U/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BUN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9981</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2 - 120 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CREA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9975</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6 - 19.8 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Summary Result of Method Comparison, Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9986</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 - 1425 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9983</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 - 493 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AST</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9986</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 - 997 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3 - 120 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CREA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 - 19.8 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# $b$ . Precision studies

Precision was evaluated as described in CLSI Protocol EP5. For serum samples, three levels of human serum samples were obtained from POC sites and each level was assayed in quadruplicate twice a day for 20 days. Each of the 2 runs per day was separated by at least 4 hours. Of three levels of serum samples, two were spiked and diluted samples. The within run, total SD, and percent CVs were calculated. Summary results for precision of ALT, ALP, AST, BUN and CREA are provided in the tables below.

Serum precision, ALP & ALT   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>ALP (U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>ALT (U/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>785.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1407.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>474.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>787</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1405.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>477.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>784.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr></table>

LITE-ON Tech. Corp.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1405.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.56%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>785.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.73%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1406.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.36%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>476.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr></table>

Serum precision, AST & BUN   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>AST (U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>BUN (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>842.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>839.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>286.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>843.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>841</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr></table>

Serum precision, CREA   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>CREA (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr></table>

Whole Blood precision, ALP, ALT, AST, BUN   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>ALP (U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>ALT (U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>AST(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BUN (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>POC-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.42%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.48%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.93%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>744.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>459</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>781.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>459</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>677.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>455</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1341</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>402</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>814</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1312.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>397</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>801</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1405.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>798</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>POC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.14%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.51%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>749.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>766.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1322.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>397</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>818</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1311.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>833</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1419.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>408</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>841</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>POC-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.34%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.02%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.29%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>757.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.79%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>767.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.73%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>682</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>273</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1315.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>476</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>844</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>851</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1398.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>481</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>851</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td></tr></table>

# Whole Blood precision, CREA

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">CREA (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Average</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POC-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">CREA (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Average</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">POC-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">POC-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OP3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5%</td></tr></table>

Study results indicate precise precision with $\% C V$ less than $10 \%$ between operators on all test systems at three levels of concentration.

3. Electrical safety and electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) The tests have been performed by the accredited laboratories and show full

compliance with the IEC standard. The device under consideration has passed the tests according to IEC 60601-1-2.

# VIII. CONCULSIONS

The clinical and non-clinical tests performed for alkaline phosphatase, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, blood urea nitrogen and creatinine, when run on the subject Clinical Chemistry Analyzer with Comprehensive Metabolic Panel, demonstrate that the device is as safe, as effective, and performs as well as the legally marketed predicate device identified above.