June 14, 2018

Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
Jennifer Bennett   
Sr. Analyst, Regulatory Affairs 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive   
Chaska, MN 55318

Re: K172787 Trade/Device Name: Access hsTnl Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1215 Regulation Name: Creatine phosphokinase/creatine kinase or isoenzymes test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MMI Dated: May 4, 2018 Received: May 7, 2018

Dear Jennifer Bennett:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,y

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K172787

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Immunodiagnostic Development Center

1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, Minnesota 55318-1084

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92(a)(1).

The assigned 510(k) number is K172787

# Submitted By:

Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318 Telephone: (952) 368-1142 Fax: (952) 368-7610

Contact Person: Jennifer Bennett 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318 Telephone: (952) 368-2040 Fax: (952) 368-7704

Alternate Contact: Angela Kilian (952) 368-1330 (952) 368-7704 (fax)

Date Prepared: June 12, 2018

# Device Name:

Proprietary / Trade Name: Access hsTnI Common Name: Troponin I Enzyme Immunoassay Classification Name: Immunoassay, Troponin Subunits Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 862.1215 Classification Product Code: MMI

# Predicate Devices:

The Access hsTnI claims substantial equivalence to the Access AccuTn $^ { + 3 }$ Reagent, FDA 510(k) Number K121214, cleared June 14, 2013.

# Device Description:

The Access hsTnI and the Access 2 Immunoassay System compose the Access Immunoassay System for the quantitative determination of cardiac troponin I (cTnI) in human serum and plasma.

The Access hsTnI reagent packs contain specific reagents for the in vitro diagnostic measurement of cTnI including:

R1a: Dynabeads\* paramagnetic particles coated with mouse monoclonal anti‐human cTnI antibody suspended in TRIS buffered saline, with surfactant, bovine serum albumin (BSA), $< 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide, and $0 . 1 \%$ ProClin\*\* 300. R1b: 0.1 N NaOH R1c: TRIS buffered saline, surfactant, protein (mouse), $< 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide, and $0 . 1 \%$ ProClin 300.  R1d: Sheep monoclonal anti‐human cTnI alkaline phosphatase conjugate diluted in ACES buffered saline, with surfactant, BSA matrix, protein (bovine, sheep, mouse), $< 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide, and $0 . 2 5 \%$ ProClin 300.

\*Dynabead $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ is a registered trademark of Dynal A.S., Osio, Norway   
\*\*ProClin™ is a trademark of The Dow Chemical Company (“Dow”) or an affiliate company of Dow.

# Intended Use:

Access hsTnI is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of cardiac troponin I (cTnI) levels in human serum and plasma using the Access 2 Immunoassay System to aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction (MI).

# Comparison to the Predicates:

The Access hsTnI and the predicate device, Access AccuTn $^ { + 3 }$ Reagent, were compared. The information for the predicate device was derived from the predicate device 510(k) Summary and product labeling.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics to the Predicate (Assay)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceAccess AccuTnl+3 forAccess 2 ImmunoassaySystems - k121214</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceAccess hsTnl on Access 2Immunoassay System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Access AccuTnl+3assay is a paramagneticparticle, chemiluminescentimmunoassay for thequantitative determination ofcardiac troponin I (cTnl)levels in human serum andplasma using the Access 2Immunoassay System to aidin the diagnosis of myocardialinfarction (MI).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access hsTnl is aparamagnetic particle,chemiluminescentimmunoassay for thequantitative determination ofcardiac troponin I (cTnl) levelsin human serum and plasmausing the Access 2Immunoassay System to aid inthe diagnosis of myocardialinfarction (MI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent sandwichimmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated immunoassayinstrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and heparinizedplasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Packconfiguration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents ready to use andseparated in a single reagentpack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrimaryReagentMaterials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid phase magneticparticles, anti- cTnlantibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dynabeads* paramagneticparticles coated with mousemonoclonal anti-human cTnlantibody</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleVolume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55μl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecificReagentMaterials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal anti-human cTnl alkalinephosphatase conjugate,magnetic particles coatedwith mouse monoclonal anti-human cTnl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sheep monoclonalanti - human cTnl alkalinephosphatase conjugate dilutedin ACES buffered saline, withsurfactant, BSA matrix, protein(bovine, sheep, mouse)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImmunoassayInstrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access 2 ImmunoassaySystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyticalMeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02 ng/mL to 100 ng/mL (20pg/mL to 100,000 pg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 pg/mL to 27,027 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExpectedResults (UpperReferenceLimit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99th percentile of 0.02 with a95% Confidence Interval (CI)of 0.01- 0.05 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99th percentile of 17.5 pg/ mLwith a 95% Confidence Interval(CI) of 12.6 - 20.7 pg/mL forLithium Heparin Plasma99th percentile of 18.2 pg/ mLwith a 95% Confidence Interval(CI) of 13.1 - 23.1pg/mL forSerum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total CV of ≤8% atconcentrations &gt;0.075ng/mL.SD ≤0.006 atconcentrations ≤0.075ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 10% within-laboratory CVfor concentrations ≥ 11.5pg/mL≤ 1.15 pg/mL within-laboratory SD forconcentrations &lt; 11.5pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open ReagentPack Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stable at 2 to 10°C for 56days after initial use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stable at 2 to 10°C for 64 daysafter initial use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay ProtocolFile (APF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AccuTnl+3 APF with additionof the thermal algorithm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hsTnl APF with no thermalalgorithm</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Studies

99th percentile URL: A multicenter prospective study was conducted to establish the 99th percentile URL in a population of apparently healthy adults. Serum and lithium heparin plasma samples were evaluated. Subjects ranging from 21 to 99 years of age were enrolled at five geographically diverse locations throughout the United States. Forty five percent of subjects were $\ge 6 0$ years of age.

Subjects were surveyed and were excluded if they met any of the following criteria:

 Disease(s) of/or affecting the cardiovascular system Currently taking a medication for cardiovascular disease Diabetes Chronic kidney disease   
 Other serious chronic disease(s) (e.g. cancer, COPD, HIV, lupus erythematosus, etc.) Acute bacterial or viral infection   
Pregnancy

The 99th percentile URL values determined for lithium heparin plasma (females, males, and overall), and serum (females, males, and overall) are shown in the following table. All values were determined using the non-parametric statistical method.

99th Percentile URL of a Healthy Population   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Population</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99th   percentileURL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Clpg/mL (ng/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lithiumheparinplasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Females</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>595</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4 - 18.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Males</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>494</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0 - 42.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.6 - 20.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Females</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>595</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7 - 18.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Males</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>493</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3 - 44.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1088</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1 - 23.1</td></tr></table>

Clinical performance: A multicenter prospective study was conducted to evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of the Access hsTnI assay using the established $9 9 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ percentile URLs. The study was designed to establish the clinical performance of Access hsTnI as an aid in the diagnosis of MI.

The study included 1,851 evaluable subjects from ED patients presenting with chest pain or equivalent ischemic symptoms suggestive of Acute Coronary

Syndromes (ACS). A total of 14 geographically diverse, primary care hospital‐associated emergency departments participated, reflecting regional, urban, suburban, and rural patient populations.

True MI statuses of all subjects were adjudicated by an independent panel of expert physicians using criteria consistent with the Universal Definition of Myocardial Infarction. Adjudicators were blinded to the assay results and the attending physicians’ diagnosis. All results presented below were based on the adjudicated diagnoses. The MI incidence was $13 \%$ (238/1851).

Samples were tested at three independent clinical laboratories on Access 2 systems. Testing was performed using serum and lithium heparin plasma samples. Study results are shown in Table below. Results are presented for the following time intervals between ED presentation and specimen collection:

• Time of presentation (baseline), $\ge 1 \textrm { - } 3$ hours, $\ge 3 - 6$ hours and $\geq 6 - 9$ hours after admission

# Clinical Sensitivity and Specificity

Diagnostic sensitivity $\%$ MI correctly diagnosed) and specificity $( \%$ Non‐MI correctly diagnosed) were calculated per CLSI Guideline I/LA21‐A2. Estimates of sensitivity and specificity were determined by dividing the number of patients correctly diagnosed by the Access hsTnI assay (n) by the total number of patients with an adjudicated diagnosis (N).

# Positive Predictive Value (PPV) and Negative Predictive Value (NPV)

PPV (probability of MI diagnosis in patients with elevated cTnI) and NPV (probability of non‐MI diagnosis in patients with non‐elevated cTnI) were calculated per CLSI Guideline I/LA21‐A2. Estimates of PPV were determined by dividing the number of patients with elevated cTnI values and adjudicated MI diagnoses (n) by the total number of patients with elevated cTnI values (N). Estimates of NPV were determined by dividing the number of patients with non‐elevated cTnI values and adjudicated non‐MI diagnoses (n) by the total number of patients with non‐elevated cTnI values (N).

Predictive value analysis is directly related to the prevalence of disease in the intended use population. The overall MI prevalence of $13 \%$ in this study is consistent with literature and public health findings, and indicates that the study population is representative of the intended use population. Since predictive value analysis is prevalence dependent; results will vary by region and facility.

Clinical Performance of Access hsTnI Using the Calculated ${ \mathfrak { g } } { \mathfrak { g } } ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ Percentile Cutoffs. Presented at Multiple Time Intervals After Admission to the Emergency Department   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>99thpercentileURLcutoff,pg/mlL(ng/L)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HoursAfterAdmissionto ED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>NPV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%(n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%(n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%(n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%(n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium he</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium heparin plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Overall:17.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86(86/100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78-92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90(510/564)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88-93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61(86/140)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53-70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97(510/524)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 - 99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 1-3 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95(128/135)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90-98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90(985/1090)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89-92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55(128/233)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48-61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99(985/992)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 3-6 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93(140/151)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87-96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90(1045/1161)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88-92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55(140/256)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48-61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99(1045/1056)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 6-9 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99(70/71)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86(387/451)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82-89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52(70/134)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43-61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(387/388)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Females:11.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90(27/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74-98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90(228/254)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85-93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51(27/53)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37-65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99(228/231)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 1-3 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98(42/43)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90(482/533)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88-93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45(42/93)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 - 56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(482/483)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99 -100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 3-6 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98(48/49)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89(497/557)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86-92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44(48/108)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35- 54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(497/498)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥6-9 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(22/22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85 -100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84(188/225)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78-88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37(22/59)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 - 51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(188/188)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Males:19.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87(61/70)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77-94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88(272/310)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84-91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62(61/99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51-71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97(272/281)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94- 99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 1-3 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95(87/92)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88-98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89(494/557)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86 - 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58(87/150)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99(494/499)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 3-6 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92(94/102)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85-97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89(535/604)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86 - 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58(94/163)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99(535/543)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97-99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 6-9 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98(48/49)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83(188/226)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78 - 88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56(48/86)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 - 67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(188/189)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97 - 100</td></tr></table>

Note: The Access hsTnI assay is not intended to be used in isolation; results should be interpreted in conjunction with other diagnostic tests and clinical information.

Clinical Performance of Access hsTnI Using the Calculated ${ \bf 9 9 ^ { t h } }$ Percentile URL Cutoffs. Presented at Multiple Time Intervals After Admission to the Emergency Department   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>99thpercentileURLcutoff,pg/mL((ng/L)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HoursAfterAdmissionto ED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>NPV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%(n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%(n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%(n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%(n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Overall:18.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84(91/108)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76 - 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91(541/595)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 -93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63(91/145)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54-71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97(541/558)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95-98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 1-3 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94(132/141)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88-97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91(1009/1108)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89 - 93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57(132/231)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51-64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99(1009/1018)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 3-6 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93(142/152)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 - 97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90(1082/1202)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 - 92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54(142/262)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48-60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99(1082/1092)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98 -100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 6-9 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96(64/67)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 - 99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86(403/469)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82 - 89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49(64/130)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 -58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99(403/406)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98 -100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Females:111.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86(25/29)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68 - 96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90(236/263)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85 -93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48(25/52)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34-62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98(236/240)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 -100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 1-3 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98(42/43)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91(491/542)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88-93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45(42/93)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35-56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(491/492)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99 -100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 3-6 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98(49/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88(512/579)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86-91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42(49/116)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33-52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(512/513)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 6-9 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83(196/235)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78 - 88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34(20/59)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(196/196)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98- 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Males:19.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86(68/79)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77 - 93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.0%(292/332)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84-91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63(68/108)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53-72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96(292/303)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94-98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 1-3 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94(92/98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87 - 98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89(501/566)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86 - 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59(92/157)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51-66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99(501/507)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 3-6 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93(95/102)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86-97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89(553/623)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86-91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58(95/165)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99(553/560)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97 -100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 6-9 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96(45/47)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83(193/234)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77 - 87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52(45/86)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41-63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99(193/195)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 -100</td></tr></table>

Note: The Access hsTnI assay is not intended to be used in isolation; results should be interpreted inconjunction with other diagnostic tests and clinical information.

Imprecision: The within-laboratory (total) $\%$ CV ranged from $2 . 6 \%$ to $7 . 4 \%$ for hsTnI concentrations $\ge 1 1 . 5 ~ \mathsf { p g / m L }$ for lithium heparin plasma and serum. The within-laboratory (total) SD ranged from 0.34 to 0.93 for hsTnI for concentrations $< 1 1 . 5 \mathsf { p g / m L }$ for lithium heparin plasma and serum.

High-dose Hook Effect: The Access hsTnI assay demonstrated no high-dose hook effect up to at least 2,000,000 pg/mL.

Linearity: The Access hsTnI assay has demonstrated to be linear across the range of the assay (2.0 to approximately 27,027 pg/mL) in both serum and lithium heparin plasma samples.

Dilution Recovery: The Access hsTnI assay has been demonstrated to dilute recover across the range of the assay (2.0 to approximately $2 7 , 0 2 7 ~ \mathsf { p g / m L } )$ in serum and lithium heparin plasma samples. Samples containing troponin I from approximately 27,027 to $2 7 0 { , } 2 7 0 \ \mathsf { p g / m L }$ can be diluted 10-fold with an average recovery of $1 0 0 \pm 1 0 \%$ .

Limit of Blank (LoB): The highest measurement result observed with no analyte present in the samples is $0 . 8 \ : \mathsf { p g / m L }$ .

Limit of Detection (LoD): The lowest concentration of analyte in both serum and lithium heparin plasma that can be detected is $2 . 0 \ : \mathsf { p g / m L }$ .

Limit of Quantitation $( \mathsf { L o Q } )$ : The lowest concentration of analyte in both serum and lithium heparin plasma samples that can be quantitatively determined with within-laboratory imprecision of $\mathrm { C V } \leq 1 0 \%$ is $4 . 1 \ p \mathsf { g / m L }$ and with within-laboratory imprecision of $C \mathsf { V } \leq 2 0 \%$ is $2 . 0 \ : \mathsf { p g / m L }$ .

Analytical Specificity: Potential cross-reactive substances were added to lithium heparin plasma and serum samples at two concentrations of cTnI (approximately $1 0 \ p \mathsf { g / m L }$ and one containing approximately $1 0 0 \ p { \mathsf { g / m L } } )$ Stock solutions of potential cross-reactants were prepared volumetrically using calibrated pipettes and the appropriate solvent. This stock solution was added directly to the lithium heparin plasma and serum samples in no more than $5 \%$ (v/v) final concentration. Control samples were prepared in the same manner using the solvent, without the cross-reactant added. Control and test samples were tested on the Access 2 instrument within 24 hours of preparation, using three reagent lots. Of the compounds tested, none were found to cause significant cross-reactivity at the levels listed in the table below, as defined by a shift in concentration greater than $\pm \nobreakspace 2 \nobreakspace$ standard deviation (SD). For sample concentrations $> 1 1 . 5 \ p g / \mathrm { m L }$ (ng/L), 2 SD is defined as $10 \%$ . For sample concentrations $\leq 1 1 . 5 \ \mathsf { p g } / \mathsf { m L }$ (ng/L), 2SD is defined as $2 . 3 0 \ p { \mathsf { g } } / { \mathsf { m L } } \left( { \mathsf { n g } } / { \mathsf { L } } \right)$ .

Interfering Substances: Potential interferents were tested at one concentration within the reference interval or the therapeutic concentration range as directed by EP7-A2 (Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry-Approved Guideline, Second Edition). Lithium heparin plasma and serum samples containing cTnI concentrations of approximately, $1 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m L } } ~ ( { \mathsf { n g / L } } )$ and $1 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m L } } ~ ( { \mathsf { n g / L } } )$ were spiked with the substances below and run on a single Access 2 Immunoassay System. Interference was determined by testing controls (no interfering substance added) and matched test samples (with interfering substance added). Of the compounds tested, none were found to cause significant interference at the levels listed in the table below, as defined by a shift in concentration greater than $\pm \ 2 5 0$ . For sample concentrations $> 1 1 . 5 \ p g / \mathsf { m L } \ ( \mathsf { n g / L } )$ , 2SD is defined as $10 \%$ . For sample concentrations $\leq 1 1 . 5 \ p g / \mathrm { m L }$ (ng/L), 2SD is defined as 2.30 $\mathsf { p g / m L } \left( \mathsf { n g / L } \right)$ .

Interfering Substances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest ConcentrationAdded</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest ConcentrationAdded</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atenolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atorvastatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bivalirudin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.8 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Captopril</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrofurantoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cinnarizine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clopidogrel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rosuvastatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Digoxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue PlasminogenActivator (TPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verapamil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

Access hsTnI is equivalent to the currently marketed Access AccuTn $^ { + 3 }$ assay. The verification and validation data provided in this submission demonstrates that the safety and efficacy of this device is equivalent to the Access AccuTnI $^ { + 3 }$ predicate device.