December 29, 2017

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. Carol Marble   
Regulatory Affairs Director   
180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, MA 01730

Re: K173403 Trade/Device Name: GEM Premier 5000 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1120 Regulation Name: Blood gases $\mathrm { \ p C O } _ { 2 }$ , pO2) and blood pH test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CHL, CEM, CGZ, GKF, GKR, GLY Dated: October 30, 2017 Received: October 31, 2017

Dear Carol Marble:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling ( 21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>k173403</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>GEM Premier 5000</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

The GEM Prem00s prtab crial car st r  b heah a proesial apiy istment provie quantitativemeasureents  H, pCO, pO, sdi, potassum, clori,iiz clcu, glucose, lactate, hematocrit, total bilirubin and CO-Oximetry (tHb, O2Hb, COHb, MetHb, HHb, $\mathbf { s } \mathbf { O } 2 ^ { * }$ parameters from pehTe   w r diagnosis of a patients acidbase status, electrolyte and metabolite balance and oxygen delivery capacy. $\ast _ { \mathrm { s O } 2 } =$ ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus deoxyhemoglobin.

t disturbances.

ou Sodium $\mathbf { ( N a + ) }$ imbalance.

Potassium $( \mathbb { K } ^ { + } )$ measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.

cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

Ho normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells).

Gluos Glu)measurement is usen the diagno monitoring n treatment  carboydrate metabolism carcinoma.

Lactate (Lac) measurement is used:

to evaluate the acid-base status of patients suspected of having lactic acidosis;

to monitor tissue hypoxia and strenuous physical exertion;

in the diagnosis of hyperlactatemia.

T he y neonates.

CO-Oxiery (tHb, COHb, MetHb, O2Hb, HHb, and O2) evalute he abiliyf the blood to cary xyn y meuriga glob eteiheprentagconal nd ysinal hglob s.

T HemgloTl mlobiet  esurmlobi cnt h l for the detection of anemia.

arhemoglobeaet eeermi rohemoglob conten ua bl aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning.

<table><tr><td colspan="2">DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use 510(k) Number (if known)</td><td>See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name GEM Premier 5000</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

•MetHb: Methemoglobin measurements are used to determine different conditions of methemoglobinemia. HDeoxyhemoglobin as afraction  total hemoglobini used incombination wit oxyhemoglobin measure oxygen status.   
xheglob calhloua  deheglob oxygen status.   
Oxyg saurati mosecicaly herabewheneratiyheglobinyeo plus deoxyhemoglobin, is used to measure oxygen status.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burn ocolectiooation atverhours pnsnc te  evwistrucons searh existig dat sources, gathrand maintain he dat needd d cple an reviw the colection information. Send comments rgarding this burden estimate r any otherapect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# k173403 510(k) Summary

This $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co.180 Hartwell RoadBedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs DirectorPhone: 781-861-4467Fax:   781-861-4207Email: cmarble@ilww.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation Date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>December 19, 2017</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 5000</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Gases (pCO2, pO2) and Blood pH system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGZ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated hematocrit instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated hemoglobin system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.7500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood hemoglobin assays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLY</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Description</td></tr><tr><td>The GEM Premier 5000 system provides health care professionals with fast, accurate, quantitative measurements of pH, pCO2, pO2, sodium, potassium, chloride, ionized calcium, glucose, lactate, hematocrit, total bilirubin and CO-Oximetry (tHb, O2Hb, COHb, MetHb, HHb, sO2*) parameters from arterial, venous or capillary heparinized whole blood in central laboratory or point-of-care clinical</td></tr><tr><td>settings.</td></tr><tr><td>*sO2 = Ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus deoxyhemoglobin.</td></tr><tr><td>Purpose for Submission</td></tr><tr><td>The purpose of this submission is to expand capillary heparinized whole blood claims on the GEM Premier 5000 system to include thefollowing analytes:pCO, potassium, chloride, hematocrit and total hemoglobin.</td></tr><tr><td>Not:The other measured analytes on the GEM Premier 5000 were previously FDA cleared for capillary claims under their respective 510(k): K160225, K160402, K160412 and K160415.</td></tr><tr><td>Tosupport the expanded claims,  combination  improve samplehandling instructions in the labelg o avoid pre-analytical error and cartridge EEPROM coefficient adjustments (for pCO2, potassium and hematocrit) were implemented on the GEM Premier 5000.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Intended Use / Indications for Use</td></tr><tr><td>The G Premir 5000 is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyhepariiz whol bloo samples atthe pointhealth cardelivery n a cinial setting and in central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of pH, pCO2, pO2, sodium, potassium, chloride, ionized calcium, glucose, lactate, hematocrit, total bilirubin and CO-Oximetry (tHb, OH, COHb, MetHb, HHb, sO2*) parameters from arterial, venous or capillary heparinized whole blood. Thes parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient&#x27;s acidbase status, electrolyte and metabolite balance and oxygen delivery capacity. *sO2 = ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus deoxyhemoglobin. pH, pCO2, and pO2 measurements in whole blood are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-</td></tr><tr><td>threatening acid-base disturbances. Electrolytes in the human body have multiple roles. Nearly all metabolic processes depend on or vary with electrolytes: Sodium (Na*) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes</td></tr><tr><td>insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison&#x27;s disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance. Potassium (K+) measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and • treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels. lonized calcium (Ca**) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid</td></tr></table>

Intended Use / Indications for Use (Cont.)   
 Hematocrit (Hct) measurements in whole blood of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells).   
 Glucose (Glu) measurement is used in the diagnosis, monitoring and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbances including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathic hypoglycemia, and pancreatic islet cell carcinoma. Lactate (Lac) measurement is used:  to evaluate the acid-base status of patients suspected of having lactic acidosis;  to monitor tissue hypoxia and strenuous physical exertion;  in the diagnosis of hyperlactatemia. Total Bilirubin (tBili) measurement is used to aid in assessing the risk of kernicterus and hyperbilirubinemia in neonates.   
 CO-Oximetry (tHb, COHb, MetHb, $O _ { 2 } H _ { 2 }$ , HHb, and ${ \mathsf { s O } } _ { 2 }$ ) evaluates the ability of the blood to carry oxygen by measuring total hemoglobin and determining the percentage of functional and dysfunctional hemoglobin species.  Total Hemoglobin (tHb): Total hemoglobin measurements are used to measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood for the detection of anemia. COHb: Carboxyhemoglobin measurements are used to determine the carboxyhemoglobin content of human blood as an aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning. MetHb: Methemoglobin measurements are used to determine different conditions of methemoglobinemia. HHb: Deoxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used in combination with oxyhemoglobin to measure oxygen status. $0 _ { 2 } H _ { \mathsf { b } }$ : Oxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used in combination with deoxyhemoglobin to measure oxygen status. ${ \mathsf { s o } } _ { 2 }$ : Oxygen saturation, more specifically the ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus deoxyhemoglobin, is used to measure oxygen status.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Substantial Equivalence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>ToGEM Premier 5000 to the predicate device, the GEM Premier 4000.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K133407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pending</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Intended Use /Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GEM Premier 4000 is a portable critical care system for use byhealth care professionals to rapidly analyze whole blood samples atthe point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a centrallaboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements ofpH, pCO2, pO2, sodium, potassium, chloride, ionized calcium, glucose,lactate, hematocrit, total bilirubin and CO-Oximetry (tHb, O2Hb,COHb, MetHb, HHb) parameters. Total bilirubin can also bequantitated from heparinized plasma samples when analyzed in thetBili/co-Ox mode. These parameters, along with derivedparameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient&#x27;s acid/base status,electrolyte and metabolite balance and oxygen delivery capacity.Total bilirubin measurements are used in the diagnosis andmanagement of biliary tract obstructions, liver disease and varioushemolytic diseases and disorders involving the metabolism of</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable critical care system for useby health care professionals to rapidly analyze heparinized wholeblood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinicalsetting and in a central laboratory. The instrument providesquantitative measurements of pH, pCO2, pO2, sodium, potassium,chloride, ionized calcium, glucose, lactate, hematocrit, totalbilirubin and CO-Oximetry (tHb, O2Hb, COHb, MetHb, HHb, sO2*)parameters from arterial, venous or capillary heparinized wholeblood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid inthe diagnosis of a patient&#x27;s acid/base status, electrolyte andmetabolite balance and oxygen delivery capacity.*sO = ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin andoxyhemoglobin plus deoxyhemoglobin.See previous pages for complete Intended Use/Indications for Usefor the GEM Premier 5000.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bilirubin. In neonates, the level of total bilirubin is used to aid inassessing the risk of kernicterus.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Substantial Equivalence (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>GEM Premier 4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K133407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Settings</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Central Laboratory and Point-of-Care</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Heparinized whole blood(arterial, venous or capillary)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same; expanding capillaryclaims to pCO, K, C, Hctand tHb with this 510(k)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Detection Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>GEM Premier 4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Potentiometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Potentiometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Potentiometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Conductivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Spectrophotometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Introduction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Aspiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PAK Shelf-Life Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Up to 180 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PAK Storage Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>15-25°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Operating Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>12-32°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating System Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Linux-based</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>2-point calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Reportable Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>GEM Premier 4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6 to 125 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 125 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.2 to 19.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 19.0 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>40 to 158 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 to 158 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>15 to 72%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 to 72%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.0 to 23.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 to 23.0 g/dL</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

Note: The linearity, limit of detection and analytical specificity performance for $p \mathsf { C O } _ { 2 } , \mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ , Cl-, Hct and tHb on the GEM Premier 5000 were previously established under K160225, K160412 and K160415 for heparinized whole blood and these studies are also applicable for capillary heparinized whole blood. Consequently, studies performed were limited to precision and method comparison to support substantial equivalence for these analytes with capillary samples.

# Internal Precision – Capillary Transfer Samples

In accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, an internal precision study was performed using five (5) different concentrations of whole blood per analyte, each run on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 analyzers per sample level for five (5) days, with one (1) run per day and eight (8) replicates measured per run per level $\mathtt { N } = 1 2 0$ per analyte per level). Samples were transferred from syringe to a capillary device.

All results met specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within RunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Cl(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Internal Precision – Capillary Transfer Samples (Cont.):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within RunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Hct(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>tHb(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Internal Precision – Capillary Finger-stick Samples

An internal precision study was performed on a single GEM Premier 5000 in the IL Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL), using finger-stick samples drawn and run by two (2) point-of-care (POC) operators brought on site for the study.

The study used twenty-eight (28) donor samples, collected into two (2) capillary tubes via capillary puncture.   
Each capillary tube was run in singlicate.

Results were analyzed separately for samples with mean within the fixed acceptance criteria range (SD) and those in the variable acceptance criteria range $( \% C \backslash I )$ .

All results met specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within SampleSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Sample%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External POC Precision – Capillary Transfer Samples

A precision study was performed on a GEM Premier 5000 at an external point-of-care (POC) site, using heparinized whole blood patient samples transferred from syringe to a capillary device and run by three (3) POC operators.

The study used a minimum of twenty (20) residual whole blood samples run over five (5) days. Each sample was run in triplicate.

Results were analyzed separately for samples with mean within the fixed acceptance criteria range (SD) and those in the variable acceptance criteria range (%CV).

All results met specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within SampleSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Sample%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl-(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Point-of-Care (POC) Method Comparison

A method comparison study was conducted comparing the GEM Premier 5000 to the GEM Premier 4000 (predicate device) with native capillary finger-stick samples. The samples were collected via finger-stick by six (6) POC operators at an external POC site (minimum of 40 native capillary samples) and three (3) POC operators in the IL internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) (minimum of 80 native sample samples), and then run in singlicate on both the test and predicate instruments.

The observed biases at the medical decision levels are shown below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data with Native Capillary Samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RangeMin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RangeMax</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias atMDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI of Bias at MDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4% to 3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.03 to 0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05 to 0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7% to 6.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cl(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.1% to 0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.9% to 0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Hct(%)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.3 to 0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.7 to 0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.7 to 0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>tHb(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>17.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.43 to -0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.25 to -0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.07 to 0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 1.0</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Point-of-Care (POC) Method Comparison (Cont.)

The data from the native capillary samples (finger-stick samples) previously presented were pooled with contrived whole blood samples $( < 1 0 \% )$ prepared internally to span the claimed reportable range.

The regression analysis is shown below for each analyte:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data with Additional Contrived Capillary Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.980</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 to 87</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 to 17.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 to 149</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.987</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 to 64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb (g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.470</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 to 20.5</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

Based on the substantial equivalence comparison and the results of the conducted performance evaluations, it was concluded that the performance of $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ , potassium, chloride, hematocrit and total hemoglobin with capillary samples on the GEM Premier 5000 is as safe and effective as on the predicate device.