ABBOTT LABORATORIES   
LINDA SOHN   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS PROJECT MANAGER   
DEPT. 09AA, BLDG. AP08   
100 ABBOTT PARK ROAD   
ABBOTT PARK IL 60064

Re: K173122 Trade/Device Name: ARCHITECT Free T4 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1695 Regulation Name: Free thyroxine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CEC Dated: September 28, 2017 Received: September 29, 2017

Dear Linda Sohn:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# I. 510(k) Summary

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

Date: September 28, 2017

# Applicant Name:

Linda Sohn, ADD, Regulatory Affairs Project Manager   
Abbott Laboratories Diagnostics Division   
Dept. 09AA, AP08   
100 Abbott Park Road   
Abbott Park, IL 60064   
Telephone Number: (224) 667-4846   
Fax Number: (224) 667-4836

# Device Name:

# Reagents

Classification Name: Free thyroxine test system   
Trade Name: Abbott ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$   
Common Name: Radioimmunoassay, Free Thyroxine   
Governing Regulation: 21 CFR 862.1695   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry   
Product Code: CEC

# Legally marketed device to which equivalency is claimed:

ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ (cleared under k123379 on November 27, 2012)

# Intended Use/Indications for Use:

The ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ $\mathrm { ( F T _ { 4 } ) }$ assay is a Chemiluminescent Microparticle Immunoassay (CMIA) for the quantitative determination of free thyroxine (Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ ) in human serum and plasma.

ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T _ { 4 } ( F T _ { 4 } ) }$ assay is to be used as an aid in the assessment of thyroid status.

# Description of Device

The ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ assay is a two-step immunoassay for the quantitative determination of free thyroxine (Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ ) in human serum and plasma using CMIA technology with flexible assay protocols, referred to as Chemiflex.

In the first step, sample and anti- $\mathrm { \cdot T _ { 4 } }$ coated paramagnetic microparticles are combined. Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ (unbound) present in the sample binds to the anti- $\mathrm { \cdot T _ { 4 } }$ coated microparticles. After washing, $\mathrm { T } _ { 3 }$ acridinium-labeled conjugate is added to create a reaction mixture. Following another wash cycle, pre-trigger and trigger solutions are added to the reaction mixture. The resulting chemiluminescent reaction is measured as relative light units (RLUs). An inverse relationship exists between the amount of Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ in the sample and the RLUs detected by the ARCHITECT $i$ System optics.

# Modification of Device:

This Special 510(k) modification of the ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ assay consisted of proposed labeling change for reduced microparticle percent solids from $0 . 0 8 \%$ to $0 . 0 5 \%$ due to enhancement of our manufacturing process, and proposed labeling change for reduced measuring interval from 0.40 to $6 . 0 0 \mathrm { n g / d L }$ to 0.40 to $5 . 0 0 \mathrm { n g / d L }$ .

# Similarities and Differences of Modified Device

The table below compares the modified device, (ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ ) and the predicate device (ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ [k123379]).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (k123379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use /</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The ARCHITECT Free T4 (FT4) assay is a chemiluminescentmicroparticle immunoassay (CMIA) for the quantitativedetermination of Free T4 in human serum and plasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ARCHITECT Free T4 (FT4) assay is to be used as an aid in theassessment of thyroid status.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ARCHITECT i System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Chemiluminescence (CMIA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Serum and plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microparticles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-T4 (sheep) coatedMicroparticles in TRIS bufferwith sheep IgG stabilizers.Preservative: sodium azide.Percent solids: 0.08%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SamePercent solids: 0.05%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T3 acridinium-labeledConjugate in MES buffer withNaCl and Triton X-100stabilizers. Preservative:ProClin.Minimum concentration: 0.2ng/mL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 levels•0.0, 0.5, 1.0, 2.0, 3.5, 6.0ng/dLL-thyroxine in human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.406.00 ng/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.405.00 ng/dL</td></tr></table>

# Verification of Modification:

The nonclinical performance of the ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ assay was demonstrated through the following studies:

• Limit of Blank/Detection/Quantitation   
• Precision (20-Day)   
• Precision at Limits of Measuring Interval   
• Accuracy by Correlation   
• Accelerated Life Testing (ALT) Stability   
• Reagent On Board Stability   
• Linearity

The device passed all of the tests based on pre-determined acceptance criteria.

# Conclusion:

Substantial equivalence for the modified device, ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ is claimed to the predicate device cleared in k123379, ARCHITECT Free $\mathrm { T } _ { 4 }$ . The modifications to the labeling, which consisted of proposed labeling change for reduced microparticle percent solids from $0 . 0 8 \%$ to $0 . 0 5 \%$ , and proposed labeling change for reduced measuring interval from 0.40 to $6 . 0 0 \mathrm { n g / d L }$ to 0.40 to ${ 5 . 0 0 \mathrm { n g / d L } }$ , has not changed the intended use, indications for use, nor has it altered the fundamental scientific technology of the device. Furthermore, no new risks or modes of control that affect the safety and effectiveness of the device were identified as a result of the proposed change.