May 25, 2018

Scanadu Inc. Daya Ranamukhaarachchi VP Regulatory & Clinical Affairs 1196 Borregas Ave., Ste 200 Sunnyvale, CA 94089

Re: K180356 Trade/Device Name: inui In-Home Urine Analysis Test System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1340 Regulation Name: Urinary glucose (nonquantitative) test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIL, JIR, LJX, JMT, JIN Dated: April 19, 2018 Received: April 19, 2018

Dear Daya Ranamukhaarachchi:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely, Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name

inui In-Home Urine Analysis Test System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The inui In-Home Urine Analysis Test System consists of the inui In-Home Urine Analysis Device and the inui Urine Analysis Mobile Application. The inui In-Home Urine Analysis Test System is intended for detecting the following parameters in urine: Protein, Glucose, Leukocytes, Nitrites, and Ketones. The test results provide information regarding the status of Urinary Tract Infections (UTI), proteinuria, glucosuria, and ketonuria. These results can be used as an aid for monitoring kidney functions and metabolic disorders (e.g. diabetes mellitus), and can be used in the screening for Urinary Tract Infections (UTI).

The inui In-Home Urine Analysis Device is intended for use as a prescription home use device.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis	Device	510(k)	Submission

# 510(k)	Summary K180356

The	following	510(k)	summary of	safety	and	effectiveness	information is	being	submitted	in accordance	with	the	requirements	of 21	CFR	807.92.

1. Preparation	date:

May	23,	2018

2. Owner/Submitter Information:

Scanadu,	Inc. 1196	Borregas	Ave.,	Suite	200 Sunnyvale,	CA		94089

Daya	Ranamukhaarachchi,	PhD VP	Regulatory	&	Clinical	Affairs daya.ranamukhaarachchi@scanadu.com

Phone:	(650) 919-8861

3. Device	Information

a. Proprietary	Name: inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis	Device b. Common	name: Urinalysis	Test c. Classification	Number: See	Regulatory	Classification below d. Classification	Panel: Clinical	Chemistry

4. Predicate	Device	Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multistix® 10 SG Test Strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Siemens Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># K992257</td></tr></table>

5. Regulatory	Classification

The regulatory information for the Inui In-Home Urine Analysis Device is listed below:

Medical Device Panel:

Clinical Chemistry

Regulatory Classification:

The regulatory classification information for the specific analytes tested in the Inui In-Home Urine Analysis Device is listed in Table 1.

Table	1.	Regulatory	Classification	for	Scanadu	Urinalysis	Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deviceclass*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukocyte peroxidase test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LUX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR §864.7675</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urinary protein or albumin (non-quantitative) test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR §862.1645</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrite (non-quantitative) testsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JMT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR §862.1510</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketones (non-quantitative) testsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR §862.1435</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urinary Glucose (non-quantitative)test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR §862.1340</td></tr></table>

# 6. Device	Description

The	inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	consists	of	inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis Device	and	the	inui	Urine	Analysis	Mobile	Application.	 It	is	an	in	vitro	diagnostic	device comprised	of	a	disposable	test	paddle,	a	urine	collection	cup,	a	gray	background	sheet, and	a	mobile	application	(“inui App”).		The	plastic	“paddle”	contains	multiple	chemistry test	pads	(CTPs)	and	1	quick	response	(QR)	barcode.	CTPs	contain	pre-dried	chemicals that	react	to	specific	substances	in	a	urine	sample.	A	color	reaction	occurs	on	the	CTP based	on	the	amount	of	substance in	the	urine	sample.			The	color	reaction	is	captured as	an	image	using	the	mobile	device	camera	and	should	only be	read	using	the	inui	App. The	results	are	reported	as	specified	by	the	measurement	range	for	each	test.		The	QR Code	is	used	for	quality	control	purposes	to	track	lot	number,	expiration	date,	and paddle	use.

The	inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis	System	reports	semi-quantitative	or	qualitative	results for	each	test	parameters. Table	2	provides	reported	levels	for	each	parameter	tested	in inui	Device.

Table	1.	Reported	Levels	for	parameters	tested	in	inui	Device   
$©$ 2018	Scanadu	Inc.	– Confidential	and	Proprietary	Information   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Protein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trace[15mg/dL]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate[30(+) mg/dL]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Large [100(++) -2000(++++) mg/dL]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low [100 mg/dL]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate to Large [250(+) -2000(++++) mg/dL]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Leukocytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td>inui In-Home Urine Analysis Device 510(k) Submission</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Nitrites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ketones</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative[0-5 mg/dL]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Small [15mg/dL]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate to Large [40-160 mg/dL]</td></tr></table>

7. Indications	and	Intended	Use

The	inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	consists	of	inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis Device	and	the	inui	Urine	Analysis	Mobile	Application.	The	inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis Test	System	is intended for	detecting	the	following	parameters	in	urine:	Protein, Glucose,	Leukocytes,	Nitrites,	and	Ketones.	The	test	results	provide	information regarding	the	status	of	Urinary	Tract	Infections	(UTI),	proteinuria,	glucosuria,	and ketonuria.		These	results	can	be	used	as	an	aid	for	monitoring	kidney	functions, metabolic	disorders	(e.g.	diabetes	mellitus),	and	can	be	used	in	the	screening	for	urinary tract	infections	(UTI).

The	inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis	Device	is intended for use as	a Prescription	Home	use device.

# 8. Substantial	Equivalence

Substantial equivalence has been established using the predicate device Multistix 10SG Reagent Test Strips (K992257). As with the predicate device, the proposed device is intended for detecting specific urine analytes using the colorimetry methods that are used in other urinalysis devices. The specific differences to the indications include (1) Prescription Home-use vs. Prescription use, (2) use of the device with a mobile application supported by a mobile device, and (3) only a subset of substances (Protein, Glucose, Leukocytes, Nitrites, and Ketones) tested in the predicate devices are tested in inui Device.

Summary of the similarities and differences between the predicate device and Inui InHome Urine Analysis Device is provided in Table below:

Table 2. Substantial Equivalence between Inui In-Home Urine Analysis Device and Multistix 10SG Reagent Strips Predicate device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Area ofComparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>inui In-Home Urine AnalysisDevice (K180356)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multistix® 10 SG Test Strips(K992257)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The inui In-Home Urine AnalysisDevice is intended for detectingthe following parameters in urine:Protein, Glucose, Leukocytes,Nitrites, and Ketones. The testresults provide informationregarding the status of UrinaryTract Infections (UTI), proteinuria,glucosuria, and ketonuria. Theseresults can be used as an aid formonitoring kidney functions,metabolic disorders (e.g. diabetesmellitus), and can be used in thescreening for urinary tractinfections (UTI).The inui In-Home Urine AnalysisDevice is intended for use as aPrescription Home use device.The inui In-Home Urine AnalysisDevice is intended for use withthe inui Urine Analysis MobileApplication supported by mobilephone devices.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for use in at-riskpatient groups to assistdiagnosis in the followingareas: kidney function,carbohydrate metabolism(e.g., diabetes mellitus),urinary tract infections andliver function. The reagentstrips also measure physicalcharacteristics, including acid-base balance and urineconcentration. The test resultscan be used along with otherdiagnostic information to ruleout certain disease states.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device users</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription home use by lay users</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In near-patient (point-of-care)and centralized laboratorylocations.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ChemicalSubstancesDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein, Glucose, Leukocyte,Nitrite, and Ketone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukocytes, Protein, Nitrites,Blood, Ketones and Glucose,Creatinine, Specific Gravity,pH, Bilirubin, Urobilinogen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intendedspecimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MaterialsProvided</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemical Test Pads affix to aplastic paddle; Urine collectioncup; Mobile phone App; Graybackground sheet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemical Test Pads affixed to afirm plastic strip</td></tr></table>

# inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis	Device	510(k)	Submission

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All analytes are read at once in 1minute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes are read at differenttimes up to 2 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Image capture by mobile phonedigital camera</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual read by trainedprofessionals</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resultsdetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electronic color analysis via Mobilephone App</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual comparison to colorchart or machine read</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine analytedetectionmethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on color change resultingfrom the reaction of urine analyteson test pads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56-86°F (15 -30°C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 9. Assessment	of	Analytical	Performance

This	Section	details	the	Precision	and	Reproducibility,	Limit	of	Detection,	and	Specificity (Interference	testing)	studies	conducted	in	accordance	with	the	applicable	Clinical Laboratory	Standards	Institute	(CLSI)	standards.

# a. Precision	and	Reproducibility

The	precision	and	reproducibility	testing	was	conducted	in	accordance	with	CLSI guidelines	as	applicable	for	qualitative	and	semi-quantitative	assays.	The	precision and	reproducibility	was	evaluated	with	two	studies:	repeatability	(within	run)	and reproducibility	(between	run).

The	proportion	of	agreement	for	each	level	and	analyte	tested	met	the	established acceptance	criteria and	was	found	to	be	above $9 5 \%$ agreement	to	the	expected values	for	both	precision	and	reproducibility.

# b. Limit	of	Detection	and	Linearity

The	purpose	of	this	study	was	to	establish	the	Limit	of	Detection (LOD) and	Linearity of	inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis	device.	The	test	measurements	are	considered	either semi-quantitative	or	qualitative	depending	on	the	analyte.	The	LOD	for	each	level and	analyte	were	determined	based	on	the	established	protocol	and	the	results generated	separately	for	each	analyte.	Summary	of	the	sensitivities	are	provided	in Table	3.

# c. Specificity	and	Interference	Testing

The	study	design	was	developed	in	accordance	with	CLSI	guidelines	as	applicable	for qualitative	and	semi-quantitative	assays.	Thirty-nine potentially	interfering exogenous	and	endogenous	substances	were	evaluated.	Substances	that	cause abnormal	urine	color	may	affect	the	readability	of	the	chemistry	test	pads	by	the App.	The	inui	device	has	built-in	additional	precautions:	it	produces	an	error message	with	no	result	(invalid)	for	any	substance	that	introduces	colors	outside	the range	for	that	analyte. Extreme	concentrations	of	substance	such	as	Acetoacetic

# inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis	Device	510(k)	Submission

Acid	at	all	tested	concentrations consistently	produced an	error	message.

The	results with	the	interfering	substances	and	the minimum	concentration level tested	that	produced false	positives	and	false	negatives are	provided	in	Table	4 for each	analyte	and	level.

Table	3. Summary	of	sensitivities for	five urine	analytes   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Tested Levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below 10 mg/dL(Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/dL tobelow 23 mg/dL(Trace)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 mg/dL tobelow 60 mg/dL(Moderate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL andabove(Large)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below 50 mg/dL(Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL andbelow 175mg/dL*(Low)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 mg/dL andabove(Moderate-Large)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukocyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below 0.0023U/ml(Negative-Trace)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0023 U/ml andabove(Small-Large)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below 0.025mg/dL(Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025 mg/dL andabove(Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below 10 mg/dL(Negative-Trace)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/dL andbelow 28 mg/dL(Small)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 mg/dL andabove(Moderate-large)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr></table>

Table	4. Summary	Table	depicting	Interfering	substances	and	their	levels	for	each	analyte

Definitions:

Positive interference: A	test	result,	which	incorrectly	indicates	that	a	particular	condition	or attribute	is	present.   
Negative interference:	A	test	result,	which	incorrectly	indicates	that	a	particular	condition or	attribute	is	absent.

$©$ 2018	Scanadu	Inc.	– Confidential	and	Proprietary	Information   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control(Positive Bias/Increase in Response)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Control(Negative Bias/Decrease inResponse)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Protein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin HSA (&gt;3000 mg/dL) (ExpectedInterferent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetoacetic Acid (invalid results atall conc)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin (&gt;10 mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Hypochlorite (&gt;375 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin (&gt;100 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorhexidine (&gt;40 mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Specific Gravity (&gt;1.025)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Riboflavin (&gt;5 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">Leukocyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Human Leukocyte Esterase (&gt;0.025 U/mL)(Expected Interferent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetoacetic Acid (invalid results atall conc)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin HSA (&gt;3000 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin (&gt;10 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride (&gt;324 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypochlorite (&gt;375 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Hemoglobin (&gt;150 mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorhexidine (&gt;60 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microbial Peroxidase (&gt;0.65%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Riboflavin (&gt;5 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Acetate (&gt;600 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Bicarbonate (&gt;630 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specific Gravity (&gt;1.020)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urobilinogen (&gt;4 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Nitrite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Nitrite (&gt;5 mg/dL) (Expected Interferrent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Sodium Bicarbonate (&gt;945mg/dl)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Hemoglobin (&gt;100 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypochlorite (&gt;375 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Leukocyte (&gt;0.0375 U/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sodium Acetate (&gt;900 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urobilinogen (&gt;4 mg/dl)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Ketone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lithium Acetoacetate (&gt;40 mg/dL) (ExpectedInterferrent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypochlorite (&gt;375 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Nitrite (&gt;7.5 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetoacetic Acid (invalid results atall conc)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-(+)-Glucose (&gt;500 mg/dL) (ExpectedInterferrent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetoacetic Acid (invalid results atall conc)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypochlorite (&gt;375 mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lithium Acetoacetate (&gt;80 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin (Invalid results at all conc)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride (&gt;486 mg/dL)</td></tr></table>

# 10. Assessment	of	Clinical	Performance

A	clinical	accuracy	(i.e.	method	comparison)	was	established	based	on	the	agreement between	the	results	obtained	from	the	inui	Device	in	the	hands	of	the	lay-users	and	the results	from	the	predicate	device,	Siemens Multistix®	10SG	device	(K992257),	by professional	users.	Two-method comparison	studies	were	conducted	using	190	and	91 lay	users following	an	Investigational	Review	Board	approved	clinical	protocol. Testing	performed	via	clinical	evaluation	demonstrated	that	typical	lay	users	between the	ages	of	18	and	71	can	obtain	clinical	test	results	that	are	comparable	to	those	of	a professional	users using	a	visual	read	method, as	shown	in	the	table	5.

# inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis	Device	510(k)	Submission

Additionally,	a	usability	study	with	45	lay	users	was	conducted	to	evaluate	their	ability to	perform	urine	testing	with	instructions	given	in	the	inui	App	and	the	instructions	for use provided	with	the	inui	Device.	Each	lay	user	tested	three	paddles	provided	in	the device	kit.	The	usability	testing	produced	an	overall	performance	of $8 8 . 9 \%$ , $8 6 . 7 \%$ ,	and $9 1 . 1 \%$ for	the	first,	second	and	third	paddle,	respectively,	confirming	that	the	lay	users can	follow	the	entire	procedural	steps	(from	sign-in	and,	test	set-up	to	understanding the	results)	to	obtain	a	successful	test	result.

In	addition,	a	lay-user	reproducibility	study	with	10	lay	users was	conducted	to	evaluate the	ability	of	the	lay-user	to	perform	urine	testing	and	obtain	the	same result after repeated	testing.	 User	reproducibility	testing	demonstrated	that	the	reproducibility	of the	inui	Device	in	the	hands	of	the	lay	user	was $100 \%$ .

Table	5.	Agreement	of	lay	user	test	results	with	the	predicate	device	and	professional user	testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay User vs Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement(Exact Match)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement(within one Color Block)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trace 15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate30(+) mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Large100(++)-2000(++++)mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low100 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate to Large250(+)-2000(++++)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Leukocyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Nitrite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ketone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative/ Trace0-5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Small 15mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate to Large40-160 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis	Device	510(k)	Submission

11. Conclusion

Analytical	performance	testing	and	clinical	studies,	including	lay	user testing,	usability testing,	and	reproducibility	testing	demonstrated that	the	Inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis Device	is	safe	and	effective,	and	lay	users	can	use	the	device.		Based	on	these	data,	the Inui	In-Home	Urine	Analysis	Device is	substantially	equivalent	to	the	Siemen’s	Multistix device	(K992257).