June 22, 2018

Bio-Rad Laboratories Arlene Carillo Regulatory Affairs Specialist 5500 East Second Street Benicia, CA 94510

Re: K180577 Trade/Device Name: BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1825 Regulation Name: Vitamin D test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MRG Dated: May 15, 2018 Received: May 16, 2018

Dear Arlene Carillo:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

# Sincerely, Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D Kit

Indications for Use (Describe)

BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D Kit

The BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D Kit is a multiplex flow competitive immunoassay intended for the quantitative determination of 25-hydroxyvitamin D in human serum. The BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D assay is to be used as an aid in the assessment of vitamin D sufficiency.

The BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D kit is intended for use with the Bio-Rad BioPlex 2200 System.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D 510(k) Summary

Bio-Rad Laboratories hereby submits this $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92. This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information provides detail as a basis for a determination of substantial equivalence for the BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D kit. The BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D was originally cleared under K141114. Bio-Rad has modified the kit by re-assigning the calibrators and standardizing the assay in accordance with the Vitamin D Standardization Program (VDSP).

510(k) Number: K180577

Summary Preparation Date: June 18, 2018

Applicant: Bio-Rad Laboratories

Contact:   
Arlene Carillo   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
5500 East Second Street   
Benicia, CA 94510

Measurand: 25-hydroxyvitamin D

Type of Test: Quantitative multiplexed flow immunoassay

Proprietary and Established Names: BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D

# Regulatory Information:

1. Regulation section: 21 CFR §862.1825 – Vitamin D test system

2. Product code: MRG, System, Test, Vitamin D

3. Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75)

# Intended Use:

1. Intended use(s):

The BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D Kit is a multiplex flow competitive immunoassay intended for the quantitative determination of 25-hydroxyvitamin D in human serum. The BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D assay is to be used as an aid in the assessment of vitamin D sufficiency.

The BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D kit is intended for use with the Bio-Rad BioPlex 2200 System.

2. Indication(s) for use: Same as Intended Use

3. Special conditions for use statement(s): For prescription use only

4. Special instrument requirements: Bio-Rad BioPlex 2200 System

# Device Description:

BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D kit includes the following components:

• One (1) $1 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ vial of Bead Set containing dyed beads coated with anti-25-OH Vitamin D antibody (sheep), an Internal Standard bead (ISB), and a Serum Verification bead (SVB) in buffer with protein stabilizers (bovine). ProClin 950 $( < 1 . 0 \% )$ and sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ as preservatives.   
• One (1) $1 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ vial of Release Buffer containing 25-OH Vitamin D releasing reagents in citrate and tri sodium citrate acid buffer at $\mathsf { p H } 4 . 1$ and ProClin 950 $( < 1 . 0 \% )$ as preservative.   
• One (1) $5 \ \mathrm { m L }$ vial of Conjugate 1 containing biotinylated 25-OH Vitamin D conjugate and biotinylated anti-human FXIII antibody conjugate (murine) in buffer with protein stabilizers (bovine). ProClin 950 $( < 1 . 0 \% )$ and 5-bromo-5- nitro-1, 3-dioxane $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ as preservatives and chemical blockers.   
• One (1) $5 \mathrm { \textrm { ~ } } \mathrm { m L }$ vial of Conjugate 2 containing phycoerythrin conjugated streptavidin (SA-PE) in a buffer comprising protein stabilizers (bovine). ProClin 950 $( < 1 . 0 \% )$ and sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ as preservatives, chemical blockers and detergent (Tween 20).

Additional materials required but not supplied include BioPlex 2200 Sheath Fluid containing Phosphate Buffered Saline (PBS), ProClin 300 $( 0 . 0 3 \% )$ and sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ as preservatives; and BioPlex 2200 Wash Solution containing Phosphate Buffered Saline (PBS) and Tween 20. ProClin 300 $( 0 . 0 3 \% )$ and sodium azide $\left( < 0 . 1 \% \right)$ as preservatives.

# Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D Kit, K141114

2. Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Device Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceBioPlex 2200 25-OHVitamin D Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceBioPlex 2200 25-OHVitamin D Kit,K141114</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">multiplex flowcompetitiveimmunoassay intendedfor the quantitativedetermination of 25-hydroxyvitamin D.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">To be used as an aid inthe assessment ofvitamin D sufficiency.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-hydroxyvitamin D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated multiplexflow competitiveimmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitiveimmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sheep antibody against25 OH Vitamin D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid Phase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody-coatedparamagneticmicrobeads</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signal Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotinylated 25-hydroxyvitamin D andphycoerythrinconjugated streptavidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent IntegralStorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board or inrefrigerator at 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleHandling/Process</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unit of Measure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator(s) andCalibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 calibrator levels (soldseparately); 4-PL(parameter logistic)curve fit algorithm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Pack Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent PackCalibrationFrequency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Every 30 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bio-Rad BioPlex 2200System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Device Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceBioPlex 2200 25-OHVitamin D Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceBioPlex 2200 25-OHVitamin D Kit,K141114</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.0 - 160.0 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5 - 125.0 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1: 0.0 ng/mLLevel 2: 10.0 ng/mLLevel 3: 30.0 ng/mLLevel 4: 70.0 ng/mLLevel 5: 110.0 ng/mLLevel 6: 180.0 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1: 0.0ng/mLLevel 2: 10.0 ng/mLLevel 3: 30.0 ng/mLLevel 4: 75.0 ng/mLLevel 5: 110.0 ng/mLLevel 6: 165.0 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceable to:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internalstandards which are traceableto CDC and GhentUniversity's ID-LC-MS/MS 25 OH vitamin DReference Method Procedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal standard(stock) using UVabsorbancespectrometry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(RMP) that is traceable to theNational Institute ofStandards and TechnologyNIST SRM 2972a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

EP05-A3, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline, Third Edition (Vol. 34 No.13)   
EP06-A, Evaluation of Linearity of Quantitative Measurement: A Statistical Approach, Approved Guideline (Vol. 23 No.16)   
EP07-A2, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, Approved Guideline, Second Edition (Vol. 25 No.27)   
EP09-A3, Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline – Third Edition (Vol. 33 No. 11)   
EP15-A3, User Verification of Precision and Estimation of Bias, Approved Guideline, Third Edition (Vol. 34 No.12)   
EP17-A2, Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline, Second Edition (Vol. 32 No.8)   
EP28-A3c, Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory; Approved Guideline, Third Edition (Vol. 28 No.30)

# Test Principle:

The BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D assay is a multiplex flow competitive immunoassay for the quantitative determination of 25-hydroxyvitamin D in human serum.

A population of dyed paramagnetic beads is coated with anti-25-OH Vitamin D antibody. The BioPlex 2200 System combines an aliquot of patient sample with the Vitamin D Release Buffer to dissociate the 25-OH Vitamin D from its binding protein. After the first incubation, the bead reagent is added to the reaction vessel and incubated at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . After the second incubation, the BioPlex 2200 system adds the 25-OH Vitamin D-Biotin conjugate 1. The excess conjugate 1 is removed during a wash cycle and the streptavidin-phycoerythrin (SAPE) conjugate 2 is added. The excess conjugate 2 is removed during a wash cycle, and the beads are re-suspended in sheath fluid. The bead mixture then passes through the detector. The detected fluorescence of the SA-PE in relative fluorescence intensity (RFI) is inversely proportional to the concentration of 25-OH Vitamin D in the sample. Two additional dyed beads, an Internal Standard Bead (ISB) and a Serum Verification Bead (SVB), are present in each reaction mixture to verify detector response and the addition of serum to the reaction vessel.

The BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D assay is standardized (calibrated) using internal standards which are traceable to the ID-LC/MS/MS 25(OH) vitamin D Reference Method Procedure (RMP). The ID-LC/MS/MS is traceable to the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Standard Reference Material (SRM) 2972a.

The BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D results are each expressed in $\mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or nmol/L.

# Performance Characteristics (if/when applicable):

1. Analytical performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility:

Precision Studies Precision testing of the BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D kit was performed on the BioPlex 2200 instrument in accordance with CLSI EP5-A3 guideline. A human serum panel consisting of 6 samples spanning the measuring range and two levels of the BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D controls were assayed in duplicate per run on two runs per day over 20 days $( \mathrm { N } { = } 8 0 )$ ) with one reagent lot. The data were analyzed for within-run, between-run, between-day, and total precision and the mean $\mathrm { ( n g / m L ) }$ , standard deviation $\mathrm { ( n g / m L ) }$ and percent coefficient of variation $( \% C V )$ are summarized below. SD was evaluated for samples with concentrations $\leq 2 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $\% \mathrm { C V }$ was used for samples with concentrations $> 2 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D – CLSI EP5-A3 Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SerumPanel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility Studies

A reproducibility panel, consisting of eight (8) panel members made using serum matrix and BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D QC controls were tested in replicates of two (2) on two (2) runs per day over five (5) days at one (1) site (2 replicates x 2 run x 5 days $_ { \mathrm { ~ x ~ 1 ~ } }$ Site $= 2 0$ replicates per panel member). The serum sample panel includes two (2) samples representing the following concentrations: 7 and $2 0 \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ , 21 and $4 0 \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ , 41 and $8 0 \ \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ and 81 and $1 5 0 \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ .

Reproducibility testing was performed at one (1) US testing facility using one (1) lot of the BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D Reagent Pack, one (1) lot of BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D Calibrator Set and one (1) lot of BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D Control Set. The data were analyzed for within-run (repeatability), between-run, between-day, between-site and total precision according to the principles described in Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) EP15-A3.

BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D – CLSI EP15-A3 Reproducibility   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Serum Panel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC Control L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC Control L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Range(SD:≤25ng/mL;%CV:&gt;25ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9 -94.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96-2.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5-5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00- 1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 -5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 -0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 -3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20 -2.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 -7.7</td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range:

Five high patient serum samples with $20 \%$ higher than upper limit of the assay range were tested to demonstrate linearity. These samples were serially diluted with low levels of human sample near LoQ in accordance with CLSI EP06-A guideline. Each sample and dilution was evaluated in replicates of four using one BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D reagent lot on one instrument. Linear and polynomial regression analysis of 25-OH Vitamin D recovery vs. sample dilution was performed to determine if the dilution curves exhibit statistically significant non-linear regression based on the CLSI guideline EP06-A.

See one example below for the regression parameters (slope, intercept and $\mathrm { r } ^ { 2 }$ ) of the observed values vs. predicted values.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r2$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution Range(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9956</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4-166.5</td></tr></table>

The BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D assay has demonstrated that the assay range supports up to $1 6 0 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

Over-Range (OR) results may be generated for values greater than the reportable measuring range and results are reported as $> 1 6 0 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

c. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods):

# Calibrator Traceability

The BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D Calibrators are traceable to the liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (LC-/MS/MS) 25-OH Vitamin D Reference Method Procedure (RMP) that is traceable to the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Standard Reference Material (SRM) 2972a.

# Kit Stability:

BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D Kit: Real Time (unopened) Kit Stability, 24 months or until the date of expiration when stored unopened on the instrument or at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ; the open kit claim is 60 days.

# Sample Stability:

Fresh sample stability (2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ), 7 days; Frozen sample stability (-20 or $- 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ), 24 months; Sample Freeze-thaw (-20 or $- 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } $ ), up to 5 freeze thaw cycles at - $2 0 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ and 2 freeze thaw cycles at $- 7 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ acceptable.

# d. Detection limit:

The study was conducted in accordance with CLSI EP17-A2 guideline for determining the Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ).

# Limit of Blank (LoB)

Five blank samples were tested with two BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D reagent lots on one instrument in 4 replicates per day for 5 days yielding 100 data points per reagent lot.

A non-parametric statistical analysis at $9 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile is used to calculate LoB.

# Limit of Detection (LoD)

Six human samples with low level of 25-OH vitamin D in the range of 5 to 30 $\mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ were tested with two BioPlex 25-OH Vitamin D reagent lots on one instrument in 10 replicates per day for five days yielding 50 data points per sample per reagent lot. LoD is then calculated by the equation:

$L o D = L o B + c _ { p } S D _ { L o D }$ Where $C p$ is a multiplier to give the $9 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile of a normal distribution and SD is from the linear regression of standard deviation versus 25-OH Vitamin D mean value.

# Limit of Quantitation $\scriptstyle { \mathrm { ( L o Q ) } }$

The LoQ was evaluated based on the accuracy goal which was defined as precision $\leq 2 0 \%$ CV. The $\% \mathrm { C V }$ was calculated using the same measurement results of the 6 low level samples used for determining the LoD.

The results of LoB, LoD, and LoQ in $\mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ are summarized in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td></tr></table>

# e. Analytical specificity:

# Interfering Substances

An interfering substances study was conducted to evaluate the potential interference of specific endogenous and exogenous substances with the BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D kit according to CLSI EP07-A2 guideline. No interference was observed with any of the substances tested.

The substances and the maximum levels tested are shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤150 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤350 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤12 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤450 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤350 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤800 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin Lithium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 8000 units/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 8000 units/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;3600 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# Cross-Reactivity

The study was conducted in accordance with CLSI EP17-A2 using 2 human serum pools at 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations of 31.5 and $4 3 . 2 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . Nine cross reactants at levels listed below were then spiked into the human serum pools. The spiked and non-spiked samples were evaluated in replicates of five to calculate the cross reactivity as shown below.

$\%$ Cross Reactivity $=$ (spiked vitamin D – non-spiked vitamin D) $\div$ Cross reactant concentration $\times 1 0 0 \%$

The results of each potential cross reactant are listed below.

<table><tr><td>Cross Reactant</td><td>Spiked Concentration</td><td>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-hydroxyvitamin D2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-hydroxyvitamin D3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin D2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin D3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-epi 25-hydroxyvitamin D3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paricalcitol (Zemplar)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100%</td></tr></table>

To avoid potential under reporting of $2 5 \mathrm { ( O H ) }$ D2 cross reactivity due to endogenous binding characteristics of the metabolites in a sample, the observed $\%$ cross reactivity was normalized to $2 5 \mathrm { ( O H ) }$ D3. Assuming the normalized 25(OH) D3 value of $100 \%$ , the 25(OH) D2 cross reactivity is $1 0 3 \%$ .

2. Comparison studies:

a. Method comparison with predicate device: Method comparison studies were performed following CLSI EP09-A3 guideline.

A total of two hundred and one (201) human samples spanning the entire measuring assay range were tested in one replicate with both the BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D kit and the predicate assay. Of the 201 samples, there were 182 unaltered samples and 19 samples spiked with 25-hydroxyvitamin $\mathrm { D } _ { 3 }$ to supplement the assay range. Sample values lower or higher than the measuring range of either the test or comparator method were not included in the analysis. Mean values of 25-OH Vitamin D results were plotted using Weighted Deming regression analysis on the Analyse-it software for all samples spanning the measuring range of both assays. Results of the regression slope, intercept, and coefficient of correlation (r) are summarized in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofResultsAnalyzed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient (r)(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Range(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.048(1.009 - 1.088)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.885(-2.211 -0.441)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.987(0.983  0.990)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate: 11.2 136.2Predicate: 9.1 -122.8</td></tr></table>

b. Method comparison to reference method:

A total of one hundred and twenty (120) native single donor patient serum samples (reference sample set provided by the Vitamin D Standardization and Certification Program with assigned values by the RMP at CDC, independent from the samples used for standardization) spanning the entire measuring assay range were tested with one replicate on the BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D kit. Sample values lower or higher than the measuring range of the BioPlex 2200 25- OH Vitamin D assay were not included in the analysis. Results of the Weighted Deming regression slope, intercept, and coefficient of correlation (r) are summarized in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofResultsAnalyzed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient (r)(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Range(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993(0.913  1.073)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.775(-2.705 - 1.155)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.949(0.927  0.964)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate 9.0 -158.4VDSP: 7.4- 153.2</td></tr></table>

c. Bias at Vitamin $D$ Medical Decision Levels Samples at medical decision levels of 20, 30 and $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ were analyzed to determine mean bias and $9 5 \%$ confidence interval using Bland-Altman analysis on the Analyse-it software. The data is summarized in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medical Decision Range(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-19.94  5.26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29-31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.08  5.69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95-105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9.76  16.80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.79 - 2.78</td></tr></table>

d. Matrix comparison: Serum only

3. Expected values/Reference range: The Expected Values study was conducted following CLSI EP28-A3c guideline.

Two hundred and eighty-eight (288) samples from apparently healthy donors including 161 males ranging in age from 21 to 79 and 127 females ranging in age from 21 to 66 were collected from three regions (Northern, Central, and Southern) in the US in spring, summer and winter, including African Americans, Hispanics and Caucasians.

The 288 samples from apparently healthy donors met the following inclusion/exclusion criteria as follows and tested with the BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D kit in singlicate.

• Age from 21 to 90   
• Roughly $50 \%$ female and $50 \%$ male   
• $20 \%$ from Northern, $20 \%$ from Central and $60 \%$ from Southern region   
• $40 \%$ collected in Spring, $30 \%$ in Summer and $30 \%$ in Winter   
• At least $30 \%$ African Americans and $30 \%$ Caucasians   
• $90 \%$ not taking Vitamin D supplements and $< 3 0 \%$ of those taking Vitamin D supplements at or more than $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { { I U } }$ , but less than $2 0 0 0 \mathrm { I U }$   
• Normal TSH, PTH, and Total Calcium No family history of parathyroid or calcium regulatory disease. In addition, no personal history of kidney disease, GI disease, liver disease, and no bariatric surgery

The observed median, mean, and range between $2 . 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ to $9 7 . 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile are summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5th - 97.5thpercentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.9 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.2 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0 - 76.3 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.8 nmol/L*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.9 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1 - 190.7 nmol/L</td></tr></table>

$\ast _ { \mathrm { n m o l / L } } = \mathrm { n g / m L } \ : \mathrm { x } 2 . 5$

# Each laboratory should establish its own reference range pertinent to their specific patient populations.

# Conclusion:

The submitted information in this 510(k) Premarket Notification will support a determination of substantial equivalence for BioPlex 2200 25-OH Vitamin D. The clinical and non-clinical tests demonstrate that this device is as safe, as effective and performs as well as the legally marketed predicate device.