October 3, 2018

ACON Laboratories, Inc.   
Qiyi Xie   
Senior Staff, Regulatory/Clinical Affairs 10125 Mesa Rim Road   
San Diego, CA 92121

Re: K181527 Trade/Device Name: On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW Dated: August 30, 2018 Received: August 31, 2018

Dear Qiyi Xie:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

# Sincerely, Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K181527

Device Name On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the On Call Sure Blood Glucose Meter and On Call Sure Blood Glucose Test Strips. The On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertips, forearm and palm. The On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-testing by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control programs. The On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for single-patient use and should not be shared.

The On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System is for in vitro diagnostic use. The On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, nor intended for use on neonates. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Number (if known) K181527

Device Name On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Meter and On Call Sure Blood Glucose Test Strips. The On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertips, forearm and palm. The On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-testing by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control programs. The On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for single-patient use and should not be shared.

The On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is for in vitro diagnostic use. The On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, nor intended for use on neonates. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 5. 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

The assigned 510(k) number is K181527.

# Submitter’s Identification:

ACON Laboratories, Inc. 10125 Mesa Rim Road San Diego, California 92121

Tel.: 858-875-8011   
Fax: 858-875-8019   
Date Prepared: October 1, 2018

# Contact Person:

Qiyi Xie   
Senior Officer, Clinical & Regulatory Affairs   
Email: qxie@aconlabs.com

# Proprietary Name of the Device:

On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Common Name:

Glucose Test System

# Classification Name:

Class II $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ Glucose Test System

# Predicate Device:

On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System

ACON Laboratories, Inc. 10125 Mesa Rim Rd, San Diego, CA 92121

510(k) Number: K130284

Device Name: On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On Call Sure andOn Call Sure SyncBlood GlucoseMonitoring System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345 Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System, Test,Blood Glucose,Over the Counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose TestSystem</td></tr></table>

# Device Description:

The On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System and On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System are designed for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples obtained from the fingertip, forearm, and/or palm

Both systems have almost the same meter design and use the same strip and control solution. The only difference is that On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose meter is embedded with a Bluetooth module which results in an additional Bluetooth data transfer feature for this meter. Thus, the On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System and On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System can be considered equivalent for the performance of glucose testing.

Both systems share the same On Call Sure Blood Glucose test strip. It has a reagent system that includes glucose dehydrogenase (FAD-GDH) and a mediator that reacts with the glucose in the whole blood sample to produce an electrical current signal. This current is measured using an amperometric detection method. The meter then calculates and displays the blood glucose concentration reading, calibrated to plasma reference. The On Call Sure / On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Meters are auto-coding.

Both systems consist of the On Call Sure / On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Meter, On Call Sure Blood Glucose Test Strips, and On Call Sure Glucose Control Solutions. Kits may be marketed with various combinations and quantities of the system components, or each of the components may be sold separately. All meter kits include a Carrying Case, User’s Manual, Quick Reference Guide, Warranty Card and Logbook. Materials needed but not provided include a single user lancing device and sterile lancets.

The On Call Sure Glucose Control Solutions are used to confirm that the meter and test strips are working properly. Glucose control solution(s) is/are viscosity-adjusted, buffered aqueous control solutions that contain known concentrations of d-glucose. Two control solution levels are available (Level 1 and Level 2). Level 1 is provided with the system. Level 2 is sold separately.

Both meters have a USB data transfer function that is inactive, pending validation with the On Call Diabetes Management Software (K131469). Only the On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Meter is equipped with Bluetooth.

The On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Meter is designed with a Bluetooth module which can send glucose test results to a mobile device if the glucose meter and the mobile device are paired and within range.

# Intended Use:

# On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System

The On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the On Call Sure Blood Glucose Meter and On Call Sure Blood Glucose Test Strips. The On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertips, forearm and palm. The On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-testing by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control programs. The On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for single-patient use and should not be shared.

The On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System is for in vitro diagnostic use. The On Call Sure Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, nor intended for use on neonates. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

# On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System

The On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Meter and On Call Sure Blood Glucose Test Strips. The On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertips, forearm and palm. The On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-testing by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control programs. The On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for single-patient use and should not be shared.

The On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is for in vitro diagnostic use. The On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, nor intended for use on neonates. Alternative site testing should be done only during steadystate times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

# On Call Sure Test Strips

On Call Sure Test Strips are used with the On Call Sure and On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Meters in the quantitative measurement of glucose in capillary blood from the fingertips, forearm and palm.

# On Call Sure Sync Glucose Control Solutions

On Call Sure Glucose Control Solutions are for use with the On Call Sure and On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Meters and Strips as a quality control check to confirm that the test strip and meter are working together properly, and that the user can perform the test correctly.

# Technological Characteristics:

Specifications of the On Call Sure and On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Meters:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On Call SureBlood Glucose Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On Call Sure SyncBlood Glucose Meter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40-600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 second</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum Sample Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 uL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Auto Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insufficient Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Error message</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Recognition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Open Vial Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 months from first opening</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Closed Vial Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 months (from DOM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Storage Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2°C - 35°C (36° - 95 °F)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Storage RelativeHumidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90% R.H.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5°C - 45°C (41° - 113 °F)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Relative Humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90% R.H.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuracy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within +/-15% (95% data pts)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample - Fresh capillarywhole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AST - Palm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AST - Forearm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 1000 records with time anddate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day Average</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7, 14, 30, 60 and 90-day averages</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypo &amp; Hyper Indicator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Reminder</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meal Marker</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Auto Power Off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 minutes after last action</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Audio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two (2) CR 2032 3.0V coin cellbatteries</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,000 glucose tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,000 glucose tests (notconsidering Bluetooth datatransfer)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Ejector</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wireless Frequency(On Call Sure Sync Meter)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 GHz worldwide ISMband(Instrumentation,Scientific and Medical);Bluetooth 4.2 Low Energy</td></tr></table>

# Special conditions for use statement(s):

 For in vitro diagnostic use only   
 For single patient use only; should not be shared Not intended for use on neonates   
 Not for diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus Not to be used for patients who are dehydrated, hypotensive, in shock, critically ill or in a hyperosmolar state   
 Alternate site testing (AST) should not be used to calibrate continuous glucose monitors (CGMs) nor for use in insulin dose calculations   
 AST should only be done during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly)   
 System should only be used with single patient use lancing device with sterile lancets.

# Special instrument requirements:

The On Call Sure and On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Meter

 Single patient use lancing device with sterile lancets should be used with the On Call Sure and On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System.   
 Proper cleaning of the meter with qualified cleaning wipes is required.

# Substantial Equivalence:

# Predicate Device:

On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System

ACON Laboratories Inc 10125 Mesa Rim Rd, San Diego, CA 92121

510(k) Number: K130284

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Call Sure 7 On Call Sure SyncBlood Glucose Monitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Call Sharp Blood GlucoseMonitoring System (K132084)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The On Call Sure and On Call SureSync Blood Glucose MonitoringSystems are comprised of the On CallSure or On Call Sure Sync BloodGlucose Meter and On Call Sure BloodGlucose Test Strips. The On Call Sureand On Call Sure Sync Blood GlucoseMonitoring Systems are intended to beused for the quantitative measurementof glucose in fresh capillary wholeblood from the fingertips, forearm andpalm. The On Call Sure and On CallSure Sync Blood Glucose MonitoringSystems are intended for self-testingby people with diabetes at home as anaid to monitoring the effectiveness ofdiabetes control programs. The OnCall Sure and On Call Sure SyncBlood Glucose Monitoring Systemsare intended for single-patient use andshould not be shared.The On Call Sure and On Call SureSync Blood Glucose MonitoringSystems are for in vitro diagnostic use.The On Call Sure and On Call SureSync Blood Glucose MonitoringSystems are not intended for thediagnosis of or screening for diabetes,nor intended for use on neonates.Alternative site testing should be doneonly during steady-state times (whenglucose is not changing rapidly).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The On Call Sharp Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is anelectrochemical enzymatic assay forthe quantitative detection of glucosein fresh capillary whole blood fromthe fingertip, forearm, and palm bypeople with diabetes at home as anaid in monitoring the effectiveness ofdiabetes control programs. Forearmand palm testing sites should be usedalternately only when blood glucoselevel is not changing rapidly. The OnCall Sharp Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is intended to beused by a single patient and shouldnot be shared. It is for in vitrodiagnostic use only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometric electrochemical</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Dehydrogenase (FAD-GDH)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Auto-coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-coding</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 - 600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 records with time and date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 records with time and date</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fingertip, forearm, palm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 - 70%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-70%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Altitude Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 10000 feet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 8516 feet</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Units ofMeasure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Call Sure / On Call Sure SyncBlood Glucose Monitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Call Sharp Blood GlucoseMonitoring System (K132084)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41-113°F (5-45°C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-113°F (10-45°C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating RelativeHumidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Port</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serial data port</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic Shutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two minutes after last user action</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two CR 2032 3.0V coin cell batteries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 x 60 x 16 mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 x 58 x 22 mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx. 72 g (with batteries installed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx. 50 g (with battery installed)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum of 3,000 measurements(without considering data transfer andtest reminder alarms)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum of 1,000 measurements(without considering data transferand test reminder alarms)</td></tr></table>

# Non-Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence

Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

FDA Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff - Self-Monitoring Blood   
Glucose Test Systems for Over-the-Counter Use   
Draft Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Total Product Life Cycle for Portable Invasive   
Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems   
Review Criteria for Assessment of Portable Blood Glucose In Vitro Diagnostic Devices Using   
Glucose Oxidase, Dehydrogenase, or Hexokinase Methodology   
Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices   
General Principles of Software Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, January   
2002   
CLSI/NCCLS EP06-A: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A   
Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline   
CLSI/NCCLS EP07-A2: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline   
Second Edition   
EN ISO 13485:2012/AC:2012: Medical devices - Quality management systems - Requirements   
for regulatory purposes   
EN 13532:2002: General requirements for in vitro diagnostic medical devices for self-testing   
EN 13612:2002/AC:2002: Performance evaluation of in vitro diagnostic medical devices   
EN 13640:2002/EN 13640:2002: Stability testing of in vitro diagnostic reagents   
EN 13641:2002: Elimination or reduction of risk of infection related to in vitro diagnostic   
reagents   
EN ISO 14971:2012: Medical devices - Application of Risk management to medical devices   
EN ISO 15197:2015: In vitro diagnostic test systems - Requirements for blood-glucose   
monitoring systems for self-testing in managing diabetes mellitus   
EN ISO 15223-1:2016: Medical devices - Symbols to be used with medical device labels,   
labelling and information to be supplied - Part 1: General requirements (ISO 15223-1:2016,   
Corrected version 2016-12-15)   
EN ISO 17511:2003: In vitro diagnostic medical devices - Measurement of quantities in   
biological samples - Metrological traceability of values assigned to calibrators and control   
materials   
EN ISO 18113-1:2011: In vitro diagnostic medical devices. Information supplied by the   
manufacturer (labeling). Part 1: Terms, definitions and general requirements   
EN ISO 18113-2:2011: In vitro diagnostic medical devices. Information supplied by the   
manufacturer (labeling). Part 2: In vitro diagnostic reagents for professional use   
EN ISO 18113-3:2011: In vitro diagnostic medical devices. Information supplied by the   
manufacturer (labelling). Part 3: In vitro diagnostic instruments for professional use   
EN ISO 18113-4:2011: In vitro diagnostic medical devices. Information supplied by the   
manufacturer (labeling). Part 4: In vitro diagnostic reagents for self-testing   
EN ISO 18113-5:2011: In vitro diagnostic medical devices. Information supplied by the   
manufacturer (labelling). Part 5: In vitro diagnostic instruments for self-testing   
EN 13640:2002: Stability testing of in vitro diagnostic reagents   
IEC 60068-2-64:2008: Environmental testing - Part 2-64: Tests - Test Fh: Vibration, broadband   
random and guidance   
IEC/EN 61010-1:2010: Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control   
and laboratory use. General requirements   
IEC 61010-2-101:2015: Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control,   
and laboratory use - Part 2-101: Particular requirements for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical   
equipment   
IEC 60601-1-2:2014: International Standard: Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-2:   
General requirements for basic safety and essential performance – Collateral standard:   
Electromagnetic disturbances - Requirements and tests   
EN 62366:2008: Medical devices. Application of usability engineering to medical devices   
EN 62304:2006 / AC:2008: Medical device software. Software life-cycle processes   
ASTM D 4169-09A: Standard Practice for Performance Testing of Shipping Containers and   
Systems   
Council Directive 2002/95/EC: on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE   
Directive)   
Council Directive 80/181/EEC of 20 December 1979: EU Metric Directive   
Council Directive 1999/103/EC: amending council directive 80/181/ECC on the approximation   
of the laws of Member States relating to units of measurement   
Directive 2011/65/EU: on the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical   
and electronic equipment   
EN 50581:2012: Technical documentation for the assessment of electrical and electronic   
products with respect to the restriction of hazardous substances   
IEC 62321:2008: Electrotechnical products - Determination of levels of six regulated substances   
(lead, mercury, cadmium, hexavalent chromium, polybrominated biphenyls, polybrominated   
diphenyl ethers)

# Laboratory Performance Testing:

The performance characteristics of the On Call Sure and On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System were evaluated in the following studies: repeatability precision, intermediate precision, linearity, interfering agents, hematocrit effect, temperature effect evaluation – blood & control solution, low battery effect, altitude effect, sample volume, humidity effect, simulated shipping study – test strip & control solution, control value assignment, meter testing, software validation testing, electromagnetic compatibility and electrical safety testing as part of meter and strip validation testing.

# a. Precision/Reproducibility

Repeatability Precision

Ten replicate assays were each run on ten On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Meters. Heparinized venous blood samples at six concentration levels were used in the testing. The results provided the following estimates for reproducibility, and precision.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MEAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133.3mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205.1mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>334.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>517.6mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Deviationmg/dL orCoefficient ofVariation (CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.24 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.28 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 %</td></tr></table>

Intermediate Precision

Ten replicate assays drawn from three strip lots were run on ten On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Meters. These tests were run each day for a total of ten days. Control solutions at six concentration levels were used in the testing. The results provided the following estimates.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MEAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Deviation (mg/dL) orCoefficient of Variation (CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Strip Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.7 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.1 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>321.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432.2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Strip Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.77 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127.8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167.8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320.9 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>426.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Strip Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168.4 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>319.9 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>420.7 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 %</td></tr></table>

# b) Linearity/assay reportable range:

Linearity was evaluated using 3 lots of test strips, 10 meters, and prepare blood sample to $4 2 \% \pm 2 \%$ hematocrit level checked by Hematocrit Reader. Prepare eleven blood glucose concentration levels as shown in Table 1. The glucose concentration in venous blood samples may be adjusted by supplementing the sample with an around $20 \%$ aqueous glucose solution. (The aqueous glucose solution for blood sample glucose spiking shall be allowed to stand for at least 2 hours before use to allow for complete mutarotation and equilibration of the D and L enantiomers.) Each blood glucose concentration is tested by YSI Glucose Analyzer as shown in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Concentration Level (mg/dL)Plasma YSI Value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 -30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 - 60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70 - 90 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 -120 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 -180mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210 - 230 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310 - 350mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>430 - 470mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520 - 580mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 - 700 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Linear regression analysis for each test strip lot compared to the YSI:

$\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 0 5 5 \mathbf { x } + 0 . 3 7 5 5$ ; $\mathrm { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 7 6$ for Test Strip Lot 1   
$\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 0 2 3 \mathbf { x } - 0 . 3 0 0 7$ ; $\mathrm { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 7 6$ for Test Strip Lot 2   
$\mathbf { y } = 0 . 9 9 4 8 \mathbf { x } + 0 . 4 3 4 5$ ; $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { R } } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 9 1$ for Test Strip Lot 3

The linear range of the On Call Sure and On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is $\mathrm { 1 0 { - } 6 0 0 m g / d L }$

# c) Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods):

The On Call Sure and On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is traceable to the NIST SRM 917b reference material. The method comparison study was performed using the candidate device and YSI as the reference method.

Value assignment:

The value assignment of the On Call Sure and On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose control solutions were determined by an in-house procedure. 2 levels of control solutions (Levels 1 and 2) were prepared by gravimetric addition of glucose to achieve target glucose values and were confirmed by the YSI reference method. Verification of the control solutions was done by testing with 80 test strips and at least 2 meters with each level, and the values were within the target ranges.

# d) Stability:

Accelerated stability studies were conducted to assess the shelf-life and open vial stability of the control solutions and test strips with on-going real-time stability study. Unopened control solutions have a 24 month shelf life and are stable for 6 months after first opening when stored at $3 6 { - } 9 5 ^ { \mathrm { o } } \mathrm { F }$ $( 2 \mathrm { - } 3 5 ^ { \mathrm { { \circ } C } }$ ) and $1 0 -$ $90 \%$ relative humidity. The unopened test strips have a 24 month shelf life and are stable for 6 months after first opening when stored in a cool, dry place between $3 6 { - } 9 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { F }$ $( 2 { - } 3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ and $10 \mathrm { - } 9 0 \%$ relative humidity and kept out of direct sunlight.

# e) Detection limit:

The reportable range is $4 0 { \mathrm { - } } 6 0 0 \ { \mathrm { m g / d L } }$ based on clinical study lab testing results.

# f) Analytical specificity:

To assess potential interference, the sponsor used venous whole blood samples adjusted to three glucose concentration intervals of $5 0 { \mathrm { - } } 7 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , $1 1 0 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 1 3 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $2 5 0 { - } 2 7 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . Blood samples were adjusted to a hematocrit level of $4 2 \% \pm 2 \%$ and checked by a hematocrit reader. The interfering substance samples of both the Test Pool and Control Pool were prepared with the respective substance concentrations in the following table. Test Pool samples were prepared to the specified concentrations. Control Pool samples were prepared with the same solvent without the substance. Results are shown below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">InterferingSubstance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Therapeutic /PhysiologicalLevel</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">On Call Sure andOn Call Sure SyncSystems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0-3.0 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4-2.0 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels andlevels ≤ 3.0 mg/dL*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">114-300 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atphysiological levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugated-Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atphysiological levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6-1.3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atphysiological levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100-200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fructose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galatitol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atlevels up to high testconcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galactose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-80 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2-0.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glutathione(Reduced)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47-100 mg/dL(Intracellular)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100-200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HeparinSodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">350-1000 u/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000 u/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80000 u/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0-7.0 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isomalt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atlevels up to high testconcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactitol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atlevels up to high testconcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Dopa(Levo-Dopa)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02-0.3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maltitol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atlevels up to high testconcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maltose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mannitol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0128 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methyl Dopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1-0.75 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ParalidoximeIdodine (PAM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atlevels up to high testconcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">414 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atlevels up to high testconcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sorbitol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.044mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2-0.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atphysiological levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolazamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0-2.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atphysiological levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolbutamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.4-10.8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglycerides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150-500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atphysiological levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unconjugated-Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3-1.3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atphysiological levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.6-85.8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">260 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5-8.0 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE attherapeutic levels up tohigh test concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xylitol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NO INTERFERENCE atlevels up to high testconcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xylose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INTERFERENCE at levelsof 90 mg/dL and 200mg/dL;NO INTERFERENCE atlevels ≤ 6 mg/dL **</td></tr></table>

\* Ascorbic Acid precaution (labeling) is needed based on FDA guidance and CLSI guidance differences.

\*\*The results showed no significant interference on the OC Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System when Xylose was ${ \leq } 6 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed:

The clinical study protocol followed “FDA Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff- Self--Monitoring Blood Glucose Test Systems for Over-the-Counter Use (2016).” The clinical studies were conducted with lay persons using the On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The study data were presented evaluating the system accuracy of the On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System compared to the YSI Model 2300 STAT PLUS (K913806) per the ACON Clinical Study Protocol for the Blood Glucose Monitoring System. Study results indicate that non-professional, inexperienced lay persons were able to obtain comparable blood glucose readings when using the On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System as compared to the YSI 2300 glucose measurement results obtained by the trained technicians. In addition, the participating lay persons were questioned and responded as satisfied with the ease of operation by following the Instructions for Use in the User’s Manual and the overall performance of the On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

# Method comparison with device:

# Part I: User Evaluation Study

Based on “FDA Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff-Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose Test Systems for Over-the-Counter Use (2016),” study participants were recruited to assess the system accuracy by measuring the blood glucose levels of finger, palm, and forearm capillary blood samples both on their own using the On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System and 3 lots of test strips..

366 subjects participated in the study with 3 lots of strips $( \mathrm { n } { = } 1 2 2 / 1 \mathrm { o t } )$ ), including 38 subjects who indicated in the Case Report Form that they were naïve users of blood glucose monitoring systems.

Each study subject was sequestered in an air-conditioned room with a window, furnished with a table and chairs, to simulate an OTC intended use environment. Each subject was given 1 lot of test strips, obtained and tested his/her own capillary blood sample to perform the blood glucose measurement on the studied system according to the manual reading understanding. The trained technician collected capillary blood samples in microtainer tubes (with heparin anticoagulant) to be measured on the YSI 2300 Stat Plus Glucose Analyzer in duplicate.

Additionally, capillary blood samples were collected for the accuracy at extreme glucose values study. In this study, collected capillary blood samples are either glycolyzed or spiked with additional glucose for both YSI reference measurement and meter measurement.

# Results relative to YSI:

# Tested Glucose Concentration Range:

In the user evaluation study, reference glucose concentrations measured from YSI 2300 Stat Plus ranged from 53.8 to $5 3 7 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . 21 unaltered capillary samples were collected with glucose concentration ${ < } 8 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , and 48 unaltered capillary samples were collected with glucose concentration ${ > } 2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . The subject blood hematocrit range was $2 6 { - } 5 8 \%$ .

# Fingertip:

# Summary of Linear Regression – Fingertip Site Measurement by Lay Users

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9988</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.6583</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9917</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9836</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.0381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0297</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7214</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.1305</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9914</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9828</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9834</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9.0532</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0475</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0245</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.2398</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9917</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9834</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10.5395</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0563</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All 3 Lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.0677</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9915</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9831</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>366</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9952</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.2246</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0893</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Summary of User Evaluation System Accuracy in Tabular Format – Fingertip Site Measurement by Lay Users

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Finger Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Lot 1790001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67/ 122( 54.9%2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109 / 122 (89.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122 / 122 ( 100.0% )</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122 / 122 ( 100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Finger Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Lot 1790002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68  122( 55.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109 122  89.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121 / 122( 99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122 / 122(100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Finger Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Lot 1790003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66/ 122 (54.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107 / 122 ( 87.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121 / 122  99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>)122 / 122 ( 100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Finger Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>All 3 Lots Combined</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201 366  54.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>325 366  88.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>364 366  99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>366 /366 100.0%</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Linear Regression – Palm Site Measurement by Lay Users

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.7710</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9867</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9735</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9609</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8.6405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0397</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9722</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1633</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9907</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9816</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9404</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.7125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0392</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9883</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.6537</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9890</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9781</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9530</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7.5432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2358</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All 3 Lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9851</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4936</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9889</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>366</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.0130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0259</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Summary of System Accuracy in Tabular Format – Palm Site Measurement by Lay Users

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Palm Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Lot 1790001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63/ 122( 51.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104 / 122 (85.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121 / 122( 99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122 / 122 ( 100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Palm Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Lot 1790002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63 1222 51.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103 / 122( 84.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121 / 122  99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122 / 122 ( 100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Palm Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Lot 1790003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62  122( 50.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102 / 122( 83.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 / 122  98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122 / 122 ( 100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Palm Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>All 3 Lots Combined</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188366(51.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>309 /366(84.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>362 / 366 (98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>)366 / 366 ( 100.0%</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Linear Regression – Forearm Site Measurement by Lay Users

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0086</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.3791</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9889</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9779</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9724</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.6891</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9822</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5869</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9895</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9791</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.7368</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9863</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9728</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9593</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.4384</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0392</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8721</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All 3 Lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9946</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7728</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9884</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9770</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>366</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9739</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.8616</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper 99% Confidence Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4071</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Summary of User Evaluation System Accuracy in Tabular Format – Forearm Site Measurement by Lay Users

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Forearm Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Lot 1790001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 122  50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[101 / 122( 82.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 / 122  98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122 / 122100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Forearm Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Lot 1790002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/ 122  48.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 / 122 (82.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119 / 122  97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122 / 122 ( 100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Forearm Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Lot 1790003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 122  49.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102 / 12283.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 / 122( 98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122 / 122 ( 100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Forearm Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>All 3 Lots Combined</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180 366  49.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303/366  82.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>359/366  98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>366/366(100.0%</td></tr></table>

# Part I Conclusion (User Evaluation Study)

The results of the study passed the acceptance criteria that $9 5 \%$ of all SMBG results are within $1 5 \%$ of the comparator results across the entire claimed measuring range of the device, and that $9 9 \%$ of all SMBG results are within $20 \%$ of the comparator results across the entire claimed measuring range for the device.

# Part II:

# Accuracy at Extreme Glucose Values Study

Based on “FDA Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff-Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose Test Systems for Over-the-Counter Use (2016),” the accuracy at the extreme upper and lower ends of the claimed measuring range were assessed using capillary blood samples obtained from subjects in the user evaluation study. Capillary blood samples $\scriptstyle ( 1 = 1 4 9$ ) were saved and used for the accuracy at extreme glucose values study. 88 capillary blood samples were glycolyzed at room temperature to obtain glucose concentrations $< 8 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , and 61 capillary blood samples were spiked with glucose solution to obtain glucose concentrations ${ > } 2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . Each contrived blood sample was measured with the SMBG in duplicate for each lot.

# Results relative to YSI:

# Summary of Accuracy at Extreme Glucose Values Study – Tabular Data Format

Low Glucose Level: $4 0 - 8 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , First Measurement Only Accuracy at Extreme Glucose Value by Absolute Bias - Low

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>On Call Sure/On Call Sure Sync BGMS - Accuracy at Extreme Glucose Values</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Glucose concentrations ≤ 80 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63 / 88 ( 71.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 / 88 ( 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 / 88 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 / 88 ( 100.0% )</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70 / 88 (79.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 / 88 ( 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 / 88 ( 100.0% )</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 / 88 ( 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66 /88(75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 / 88 ( 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 / 88 ( 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 / 88 ( 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All 3 Lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199 / 264 (75.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264 / 264 (100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264 / 264 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264 / 264 ( 100.0%</td></tr></table>

High Glucose Level: $2 5 0 - 6 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , First Measurement Only Accuracy at Extreme Glucose Value by $\%$ Bias – High

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>On Call Sure/On Call Sure Sync BGMS - Accuracy at Extreme Glucose Values</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Glucose concentrations &gt; 250 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43 / 61 ( 70.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58 / 61 ( 95.1% )</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 / 61 ( 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 / 61 ( 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 / 6165.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55 / 61 (90.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 / 61 ( 100.0% )</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 / 61 ( 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1790003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 /6167.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58 / 61 ( 95.1% )</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 / 61 ( 100.0% )</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 / 61 ( 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All 3 Lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124 /183 (67.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171 / 183 ( 93.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183 /183 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183 /183 ( 100.0%</td></tr></table>

# Part II Conclusion (Accuracy at Extreme Glucose Values Study)

The results of the study passed the acceptance criteria that $9 5 \%$ of all SMBG results are within $1 5 \%$ of the comparator results across the entire claimed measuring range of the device, and that $9 9 \%$ of all SMBG results are with $20 \%$ of the comparator results across the entire claimed measuring range for the device.

# Overall Conclusions:

The results of the study demonstrated that the On Call Sure Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is accurate in the claimed measuring range using finger capillary blood samples obtained from subjects, based upon both the user evaluation and the extreme glucose values study.