June 14, 2018

Intuity Medical, Inc.   
$\%$ Cindy Domecus   
Domecus Consulting Services LLC 1171 Barroilhet Drive   
Hillsborough, CA 94010

Re: K181316 Trade/Device Name: POGO Automatic Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW Dated: May 17, 2018 Received: May 18, 2018

Dear Cindy Domecus:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k181316

Device Name POGO Automatic Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The POGO Automatic Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. The POGO Automatic Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The POGO Automatic Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The POGO Automatic Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. The POGO Automatic Blood Glucose Monitoring System is indicated for use in adults and adolescents (13 and up).

POGO Automatic Test Cartridges are for use with the POGO Automatic Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary, k181316

# 510(k) Owner

Robb Hesley   
Senior VP Corporate Development Intuity Medical, Inc.   
3500 West Warren Avenue   
Fremont, CA 94538   
(510) 946-8861 (phone)   
(510) 897-0603 (fax)   
robb.hesley@intuitymedical.com

# Submission Correspondent

Cindy Domecus, R.A.C. (US & EU)   
Principal, Domecus Consulting Services LLC Regulatory Consultant to Intuity Medical, Inc. Office: 650-343-4813   
Fax: 650-343-7822   
DomecusConsulting@comcast.net

# Date Summary Prepared

June 11, 2018

# Device Name and Classification

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POGO® Automatic™ BloodGlucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1345</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# Predicate Device

The predicate device for the POGO Automatic Blood Glucose Monitoring System (POGO BGMS) is the earlier version of the system cleared under k162203 on April 6, 2017.

# Device Description

The POGO BGMS is a quantitative assay for the detection of glucose in capillary whole blood sampled from the fingertip. The system includes multiple glucose-oxidase-based dry-reagent test strips housed in a cartridge and a photometer to read the glucose-dependent color change from the in-use strip. The meter uses calibration information from a barcode on the disposable cartridge to convert the reflectance information into a plasma-equivalent glucose value. A Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) module in the meter allows the user to authorize the POGO meter to send data wirelessly, securely, and automatically after each test to specified electronic computing devices.

The POGO BGMS automates finger lancing, blood sample collection and placement onto the test strip, and calculation of the blood glucose result, and so requires significantly fewer steps than existing BGMSs to obtain a glucose result. The POGO BGMS accomplishes this via a 10-test cartridge where each foil-sealed test includes a hollow lancet, spring, and test strip. The user does not need a separate lancing device since the lancing mechanism is built into individual test cells of the cartridge. The blood sample is drawn into the test through capillary action and the meter, by monitoring the time and degree of blood spreading on the reagent pad, can detect when the test is under-filled and allow the user a limited amount of time to add blood to the test trip to obtain a glucose result rather than an error. Additionally, used tests are retained within the cartridge for added user convenience.

# Indications for Use

The POGO Automatic Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. The POGO Automatic Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The POGO Automatic Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The POGO Automatic Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. The POGO Automatic Blood Glucose Monitoring System is indicated for use in adults and adolescents (13 and up).

POGO Automatic Test Cartridges are for use with the POGO Automatic Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POGO BGMSSubject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POGO BGMS k162203Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative measurement of blood glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications For Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The POGO Automatic Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is intended to be usedfor the quantitative measurement ofglucose (sugar) in fresh capillary wholeblood samples drawn from the fingertips.The POGO Automatic Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is intended to be usedby a single person and should not beshared.The POGO Automatic Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is intended for selftesting outside the body (in vitro diagnosticuse) by people with diabetes at home as anaid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetescontrol. The POGO Automatic BloodGlucose Monitoring System should not beused for the diagnosis of or screening ofdiabetes or for neonatal use. The POGOAutomatic Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem is indicated for use in adults andadolescents (13 and up).POGO Automatic Test Cartridges are foruse with the POGO Automatic Meter toquantitatively measure glucose (sugar) infresh capillary whole blood samples drawnfrom the fingertips.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rx/OTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClassificationRegulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1345</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Codes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NBW</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Design</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery-powered handheld meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delivery of Blood toReagent Pad viaCapillary Action</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic BloodSample Collection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detects Under-filledReagent Pad</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Allows BloodReapplicationto Complete Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, provides glucose result or error codeafter blood addition to under-filled strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time period allowedfor patient to addmore blood whenreagent pad is under-filled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time period allowedfor patient to applyblood when blood doesnot reach reagent pad</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter enforces limitson strip exposure?</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, device design prevents strip use after5 minute exposure (open cell time window)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patient able to re-uselancet?</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No, device design prevents re-use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cal Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometric (LED)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose oxidase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20% to 60%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Humidity Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% to 90% RH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lancing Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated in Meter with Strip/Lancet inCartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MinimumSample Size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monitor Memory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingTemperature Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 to 104° F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle of Operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose is oxidized by the enzyme glucoseoxidase and electrons are transferred toform the intermediate hydrogen peroxide.Horseradish peroxidase catalyzes thetransfer of electrons between hydrogenperoxide and precursor dye molecules toform a blue oxidation product, theconcentration of which is proportional tothe concentration of glucose in the sample.The amount of color formed is read by aphotometer in the meter.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

The subject modifications for the POGO BGMS do not affect any of the above attributes that were included in the substantial equivalence section of the predicate device and relied upon for the substantial equivalence finding for the predicate device, k162203. Similarities between the between the subject and predicate POGO BGMS include:

• Same fundamental technological characteristics. The following remain unchanged: blood sampling and blood glucose measurement, use of the same cartridge (which contains the reagent system used to measure blood glucose), technology and procedure to acquire a blood sample and monitor the color development on the reagent pad and the algorithm to calculate a glucose value from the reaction at the reagent pad   
• Same intended use and indications for use

Differences between the subject and predicate POGO BGMS include:

• the addition of BLE capability, a pixelated versus a segmented display screen, a new hard coat material on the display lens, addition of graphical elements, settings, and alerts to the display, a speaker versus a piezo annunciator, and a replacement of rubber feet on the bottom of the device for one large slip-resistant label.

The modifications do not alter fundamental technologies or principles of operation of the POGO BGMS.

# Summary of Nonclinical Performance Data

Multiple nonclinical tests were identified via risk assessment activities as requirements to demonstrate comparable safety and effectiveness between the predicate and subject devices. The subject device achieved a “Pass” result for all of those tests, namely:

1. Performance tests conducted to demonstrate that items modified or replaced from the predicate device met the performance specifications established for those components;   
2. Mechanical, Environmental, and Electrical safety tests appropriate for SMBG devices;   
3. Cleaning and Disinfection efficacy and robustness challenges on raw materials and the assembled device;   
4. Software V&V;   
5. Bluetooth wireless proximity and coexistence testing; and   
6. Labeling readability.

# Conclusion

Results from the nonclinical testing using the modified POGO BGMS demonstrate that it is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. The modifications to the POGO BGMS do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness and the testing performed to evaluate the modifications confirms that the modified device is as safe and effective and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.