December 13, 2018

Roche Diabetes Care Ginger Emrich Regulatory Affairs Principal 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: K181131 Trade/Device Name: Accu-Chek Guide Me Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW Dated: November 12, 2018 Received: November 13, 2018

Dear Ginger Emrich:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements or annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If yur device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) orclass II MA), it ay be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

for Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Accu-Chek Guide Me Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Accu-Chek Guide Me Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the Accu-Chek Guide Me meter and the Accu-Chek Guide test strips.

The Accu-Chek Guide Me Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to quantitatively measure glucose infreh

The Accu-Chek Guide MeBlood Glucose Monitoring Systemis ntended or invitro diagnostic single-patient use by people with diabetes.

TheAcu-Chek Guide e Blood Glucoe MonitoringSystemsntended o be used by sgle person and shoul shared.

This system is not for use in diagnosis or screening of diabetes mellitus, nor for neonatal use.

Alternative ite testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teurenmoollectionoationtate veragours  oncu time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# INTRODUCTION

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information is intended to introduce the Accu-Chek Guide Me Blood Glucose Monitoring System, and provide sufficient detail to support a determination of substantial equivalence for k181131.

9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250

Primary: Ginger Emrich Phone: (317) 521-4037 Email: ginger.emrich@roche.com

Secondary: Susan Hollandbeck Phone: (317) 521-3380 Email: susan.hollandbeck@roche.com

November 12, 2018

Accu-Chek Guide Me Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Blood Glucose Test System, Over the Counter (21 C.F.R. $\ S$ 862.1345, Product Code NBW); Class II

Accu-Chek Guide Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k160944), clearance received on August 31, 2016.

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Accu-Chek Guide Me Blood Glucose Monitoring System makes use of the Accu-Chek Guide Me meter, and the Accu-Chek Guide test strips. This system is a single-patient use blood glucose monitoring system intended to be used to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger, palm, and upper arm as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of glucose control.

The Accu-Chek Guide Me Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of the following:

Accu-Chek Guide Me meter Accu-Chek Guide test strips (previously cleared in k160944)

# INTENDED USE

The Intended Use is identical to the predicate device with the exception of the device name. The intended use of the modified device, as described in the labeling, has not changed as a result of the modification(s).

The Accu-Chek Guide Me Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the AccuChek Guide Me meter and the Accu-Chek Guide test strips.

The Accu-Chek Guide Me Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger, palm, and upper arm as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of glucose control.

The Accu-Chek Guide Me Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for in vitro diagnostic single-patient use by people with diabetes.

The Accu-Chek Guide Me Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

This system is not for use in diagnosis or screening of diabetes mellitus, nor for neonatal use.

Alternative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

# TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The Accu-Chek Guide test strip, measurement engine, and measurement principle used with the Accu-Chek Guide Me system have not been modified. System claims and performance have not changed.

The Accu-Chek Guide Me meter reflects the following modifications of the cleared AccuChek Guide meter:

Updated user interface   
Fixed segment display   
3 button interface   
Modified meter housing - design / materials   
No strip eject, strip port light, target range indicator or beeper / reminders   
No pattern detection or meal indicator   
BLE pairing with fixed PIN (on meter backlabel); only supports one pairing at a time

# Similarities to Predicate Device

The following table shows the similarities of the modified device to the predicate device.

Table 1: Similarities to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accu-Chek GuidePredicate (k160944)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accu-Chek Guide MeModified Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitatively measure glucose infresh capillary whole blood fromthe finger, palm, and upper arm asan aid in monitoring theeffectiveness of glucose control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alternative Site Testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Palm and Upper arm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAD-GDH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometric Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Container (Vial)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Black, flip top oval vial, holds up to50 stripsClosed vial height: 51 mmWidth at widest point: 18.3 mmWidth at narrowest point: 15.3 mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 nanoliters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 - 600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-65%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating TemperatureRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-45 °C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating RelativeHumidity Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 - 90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Auto Control SolutionIdentification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Connectivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USB for PC connectivity and BLE(Bluetooth Low Energy) forwireless connectivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maximum Altitude</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,150 feet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Underdose Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Averages</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7, 14, 30, and 90 Day Average</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Integrity Fail-safechecks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Handling / Dosing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same</td></tr></table>

# Differences to Predicate Device

The following table shows the differences of the modified device to the predicate device.

Table 2: Differences to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accu-Chek GuidePredicate (k160944)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accu-Chek Guide MeModified Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target RangeIndication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pattern Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meal Indication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beeper / Reminders</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Light</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Ejector</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BLE Pairing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BLE pairing with variablePIN (new PIN generatedelectronically at each pairing);able to pair with 5 devices at atime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BLE pairing with fixed PIN (onmeter backlabel); only supportsone pairing at a time</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screen / Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dot Matrix LCD Displaywith Backlight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fixed Segment LCD Displaywithout Backlight</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Buttons</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hard cap front button4-way rocker design includingOK/Power, back, andup/down functions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One Hard cap OK/Power buttonon the side2 soft buttons for memoryrecall, and forwards /backwards functions</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter HousingMaterials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PET, IMD, PC,TPE, and ABS/PC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PET, IMD, PC,and Silicone Rubber</td></tr></table>

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

The submitted information in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision. The differences between predicate and modified devices do not impact the indications for use or fundamental scientific technology.