November 30, 2018

TaiDoc Technology Corporation   
Anne Kuo   
Regulatory Affairs Senior Specialist   
6F, No.127, Wugong 2nd Rd., Wugu District   
New Taipei City, 24888   
Taiwan

Re: K181588 Trade/Device Name: POPS! one Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW Dated: October 26, 2018 Received: October 31, 2018

Dear Anne Kuo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K181588

Device Name POPS! $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ one Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe) The POPS! $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ one Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the POPS! $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ one blood glucose meter, the POPS! $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ one blood glucose sensor modules, and the POPS! $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ mobile application as the display component.

The POPS! $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ one Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood taken from the finger. It is intended to be used by people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of a diabetes control program.

The POPS! $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ one Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared. It is not intended for the diagnosis of, or screening of diabetes. It is not intended for use on neonates.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

Assigned 510(k) number: K181588

In accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, this summary is being provided to serve as basis for the substantial equivalence determination.

# Submitter information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TaiDoc Technology Corporation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6F, No. 127, Wugong 2nd Rd. Wugu Dist.New Taipei City, Taiwan 24888</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3004145393</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>November 30, 2018</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TaiDoc Technology Corporation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anne Kuo</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Title</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Affairs Senior Specialist</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+886-2-6625-8188 #1195</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E-mail</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ra.cert@taidoc.com.twanne.kuo@taidoc.com.tw</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POPS! Diabetes Care, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jennifer Englund</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Title</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vice President, Clinical, Regulatory &amp; Quality</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>612-802-7606</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E-mail</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>jennifer.englund@popsdiabetes.com</td></tr></table>

# Proposed Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POPS!® one Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW, Blood Glucose Test System, Over-the-Counter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation citation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR §862.1345, Glucose test system</td></tr></table>

# Predicate Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TaiDoc Technology Corporation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TD-4277 Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K100322</td></tr></table>

# Intended use

The POPS!® one Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the POPS!® one blood glucose meter, the POPS!® one blood glucose sensor modules, and the POPS!® mobile application as the display component.

The POPS!® one Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood taken from the finger. It is intended to be used by people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of a diabetes control program.

The POPS!® one Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared. It is not intended for the diagnosis of, or screening of diabetes. It is not intended for use on neonates.

# Device Description

The POPS!® one Blood Glucose Monitoring System is designed to make blood glucose testing and diabetes management easier and more convenient. The traditional test kit is replaced by a low-profile meter that contains everything needed for testing and requires no assembly. The meter pairs with a mobile app installed on the user’s phone via Bluetooth, allowing the meter to perform glucose testing and send the results to the app where they are communicated to the user and automatically stored.

The POPS!® one Blood Glucose Monitoring System contains the following:

 POPS!® one blood glucose meter works directly with the POPS!® app installed on the user’s mobile phone. The meter performs a blood glucose test and sends the result to the POPS!® app. POPS!® one blood glucose sensor module is individually packed and sterile. It contains 3 test sites with separate foil covers; each containing a lancet and test strip. The user inserts the sensor module in the meter and replaces a used sensor module with a new one once all 3 test sites have been used. The sensor module not only provides all components for performing a glucose test to the user in a convenient, self-contained format but it also provides a new lancet for each test; preventing lancet re-use.

 POPS!® mobile application acts as the primary interface with users; enabling them to test, communicating blood glucose results and messages, and allowing them to monitor trends on their phone.

# Test principle

The blood glucose testing is based on the measurement of electrical current generated by the reaction of glucose with the reagent of the strip within the Sensor Module. The system measures the current, calculates the blood glucose level, and displays the result. The strength of the current produced by the reaction depends on the amount of glucose in the blood sample.

# Summary of Technological Characteristics and Comparison to the Predicate

The POPS!® one Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, both in terms of intended use and technological characteristics. The primary differences between the proposed and predicate device are design changes to simplify the glucose testing experience and allow communication of results and messages to the user to occur via the POPS!® app.

The similarities and differences between the predicate and proposed devices are summarized in Table 1 and 2 below.

Table 1: Similarities between the Predicate and Proposed Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate deviceTD-4277</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed devicePOPS!® one</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operation principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemical biosensortechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemical biosensortechnology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometric glucose biosensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometric glucose biosensor</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No coding required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No coding required</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose dehydrogenase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose dehydrogenase</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip reaction time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 μL</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Differences between the Predicate and Proposed Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate deviceTD-4277</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed devicePOPS!® one</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20~600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20~600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20~60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20~60%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement modes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test ModeAC (before meal)PC (after meal)Gen (not specified)QC (quality control)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test ModeAC (before meal)PC (after meal)Gen (not specified)QC (quality control)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip indication light</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter storage/transportation condition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4 °F to 140°F, &lt; 95% R.H.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4 °F to 140°F, &lt; 95% R.H.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip storage/transportation condition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6°F to 89.6F, &lt; 85% R.H.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6F to 89.6F, &lt; 85% R.H.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Predicate device TD-4277</td><td>Proposed device POPS!® one</td></tr><tr><td>Physical Appearance</td><td>URigkt 0 mg/dL e M</td><td>POPS</td></tr><tr><td>Intended use</td><td>TD-4277 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger. It is intended for use by healthcare professionals and people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control program. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates. Professionals may use the test strips to test capillary and venous blood samples, but lay user may not test venous blood samples.</td><td>The POPS!® one Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood taken from the finger. It is intended to be used by people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. The POPS!® one Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared. It is not intended for the diagnosis of, or screening of</td></tr><tr><td>Mode of operation</td><td>User initiates test on meter, inserts test strip into meter, lances finger with lancing device, and places blood sample on test strip. If test result tracking is desired, user must do so manually.</td><td>diabetes. It is not intended for use on neonates. User initiates test within app, lances finger with integrated lancet and places blood sample on the test strip. Recording of test results is done wirelessly and automatically in the app.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate deviceTD-4277</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed devicePOPS!® one</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strips are stored in ahumidity-controlled vial (25-50 stripsper vial), user removes one strip fromvial and inserts in meter for testing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individual strips are sealed in thesensor module with a foil seal tocontrol humidity. User peels back thefoil seal for the test site prior totesting, keeping the other stripscovered/secure until use. Thisimproves storage integrity of stripsand minimizes user interaction withstrips.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lancet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lancet in lancing device is changedout by user resulting in frequentre-use of lancets (increased infectionrisk and callous formation).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A new sterile lancet is provided in thesensor module with each test site, sousers have a new lancet for each test.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software design</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter software controls themeasurement and calculation ofblood glucose and displays result onthe meter.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter software controls themeasurement and calculation ofblood glucose and transmits theinformation to the POPS!® app fordisplay and storage of results.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Size (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96 (L) x 61 (W) x 26 (H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43 (L) x 39 (W) x 24 (H)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Weight (g)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67.2 g</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 g</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 x 1.5V AAA batteries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 CR2032 battery</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCD and buttons</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobile application</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display of test results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCD screen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobile application</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transmission function</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Encrypted and secure Bluetooth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error messages</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error number displayed on LCDscreen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error number translated into text anddisplayed on App</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCB layout</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">circuit designed for one test site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">circuit designed for three test sites</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Testing

Non-clinical and clinical studies were conducted to test, verify and validate the performance of the proposed device according to FDA Guidance issued on October 11, 2016: Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose Test Systems for Over-the-Counter Use. Results from these studies show that all performance criteria were met.

Non-Clinical Testing Summary: Design verification and validation testing was performed to ensure that the POPS!® one System met design specifications and requirements. Testing activities included electrical/mechanical safety tests, functional performance tests (precision, linearity, interference, flex studies) as well as disinfection, cleaning, robustness, sterilization, shelf life and transit studies. Software validation was performed for this moderate level of concern device per FDA Guidance Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.

Clinical Testing Summary: A user evaluation confirmed the system accuracy, operation according to design, and ease of use to support the intended use as described in the proposed labeling.

# Conclusion

Based on the information provided in this submission, the POPS!® one Blood Glucose Monitoring System has been shown to be substantially equivalent.to the TD-4277 Blood Glucose Monitoring System.