July 30, 2019

NSP Tech Pte Ltd   
HC Tan   
10 Admiralty Street,   
Northlink Building, #02-06   
757695   
Singapore

Re: K181743 Trade/Device Name: Blood Transfer Accessory (BTA) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA Dated: April 16, 2019 Received: June 28, 2019

Dear HC Tan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

for Alan Stevens Assistant Director DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors OHT3: Office of Gastrorenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Blood Transfer Accessory (BTA)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburen t oolctinoati tataverhors pnsl time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete andreview thecollection information. Send comments regarding this burden estimateor anyother spect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary (K181743)

# 1. SUBMITTER:

# ApplicantName:

NSP Tech Pte Ltd 10 Admiralty Street, NorthlinkBuilding, #02-06 Singapore757695

# ContactPerson:

Name: HC Tan Phone:   
(65)98180450   
Fax:(65)67476533   
Email: hockchoon.tan@nsptech.com.sg

Establishmentregistrationnumber :3008337059   
Date prepared : July 29, 2019

# 2. DEVICE

Trade Name : Blood Transfer Accessory (BTA)   
Common Name : Blood Specimen Collection Device   
Regulatory Class :Class II   
RegulationNumber: 21 CFR 862.1675   
RegulationName: Blood Specimen Collection Device   
Product Code : JKA   
Panel : Clinical Chemistry

# 3. PREDICATE DEVICE

Vacutainer® Brand Multiple Sample Luer Adapter

510(k)Number: K991088 Regulatory Class: Class II RegulationNumber: 21 CFR 862.1675 Product Code: JKA

# 4. DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

The Blood Transfer Accessory (BTA) is a single use device comprising of a holder made from polypropylene plastic with a female luer feature. A stainless-steel needle covered with a rubber sleeve is attached to the inside of the holder.

The Blood Transfer Accessory (BTA) has a Holder that encases the Needle preventing any needle stick issue with user. The Holder of the Blood Transfer Accessory (BTA) also house the sample collection tube and protects the user or healthcare personnel from direct contact with

# 510(k) Summary (K181743)

blood specimen. The Adapter connected to the blood collection device for the blood transfer. The sample collection tube is inserted from the far end of the holder where the opening is located. This transfer is conducted until the required amount of blood is completed. The sample collection tube is then evacuated from the Blood Transfer Accessory (BTA) by pulling away.

# 5. INDICATION FOR USE STATEMENT

The Blood Transfer Accessory is a sterile non invasive device for use in venous blood collection procedures in combination with blood collection devices with a male luer feature.

# 6. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE COMPARISON

TABLEOF COMPARISONOF TECHNOLOGICALCHARACTERISTICSWITH PREDICATE DEVICE   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSP Tech Pte LtdBlood CollectionAccessory(BUCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vacutainer®BrandMultiple Sample LuerAdapter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discussion/Comment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510 (k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K181743</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K991088</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JKA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JKA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication For Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Blood TransferAccessory is asterile non invasivedevice for use invenous bloodcollectionprocedures incombination withblood collectiondevices with a maleluer feature.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Vacutainer BrandLuer Adapter is a sterile,non-invasive device usedto connect venous accessdevices such as needles,blood collection sets, andinfusion sets to bloodcollection tubes. Theyare also used inconnection with non-needle devices forcollection of blood fromcatheters. TheVacutainer Brand LuerAdapter is sold by itselfand as a component ofother Vacutainer Branddevices.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similar- The differenceis in the name of thedevice and this does notraise any questions ofsafety or effectiveness.The predicate alsospecifies that devicesthat it connects to. Thesubject device states itconnects to deviceswith a male luer.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSP Tech Pte Ltd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Becton Dickinson</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary (K181743)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductConfiguration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HolderPolypropyleneAdapter - Acrylonitrilebutadiene styreneSleeve - Not madewith naturalrubberlatexNeedle - StainlessSteel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Holder - PolypropyleneAdapter - PolycarbonateSleeve - Not madewith naturalrubber latexNeedle - Stainless Steel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The only majordifference between thesubject device and thepredicate device is inthe material used forthe part, Adapter. Thesubject device, BloodTransfer Accessory (BTA)uses the polymer,Acrylonitrile butadienestyrene (ABS) for theAdapter part while thepredicate device usesPolycarbonate (PC)polymer.Biocompatibility Testingand PerformanceTesting was conductedto demonstrate SE.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sterilization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylene Oxide (EtO)Gas sterilization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylene Oxide (EtO) Gassterilization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sterility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meet the SterilityAssurance Level of10-6 as per therequirement of ISO11135:2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not known</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Clinical PerformanceTesting was conducted todemonstrate SE.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sealed BlisterPackaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sealed Blister Packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-ClinicalPerformance Testingwas conducted todemonstrate SE.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single-Use only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single-Use only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio compatibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO 10993 series</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO 10993 series</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Clinical PerformanceTesting was conducted todemonstrate SE.</td></tr></table>

# 7. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS COMPARISON

The Blood Transfer Accessory (BTA)device has similarities with the predicate device in areas such as Intended Use, Product Configuration, and performance. The only difference between the subject device and the predicate device is in the use of material for the part, Adapter. The Blood Transfer Accessory (BTA) uses the polymer material, Acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) while the predicate device uses the polymer material, Polycarbonate (PC). Biocompatibility tests and performance tests based on international standards demonstrated the device performs as intended.

# 510(k) Summary (K181743)

In addition the indications for use statement is different in that the subject device connects to male luer blood collection devices and the predicate device specifies the devices it may connect to. Performance testing demonstrated that this does not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness.

# 8. PERFORMANCE DATA/NON-CLINICAL TESTING

The Blood Transfer Accessory (BTA)was tested for validation and verification of functions based on risk analysis and the results passed predetermined acceptance criteria.

# Biocompatibility

Biocompatibility was evaluated per the FDA Guidance titled Use of International Standard ISO 10993-1, "Biological evaluation of medical devices - Part 1: Evaluation and testing within a risk management process" – Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff issued in June 2016 with the following endpoints:

Sensitization

Irritation

Acute Systemic Toxicity

Pyrogenicity

Hemocompatibility (Coagulation, Platelets and Hemolysis)

# Performance Data

Performance testing was carried out on the Blood Transfer Accessory (BTA) using applicable international standards as reference and predicate device as benchmark for comparison.

• Luer Lok Adapter

For international standard related test, the Luer Lok adapter is tested with reference to the ISO 80369-7:2016 and ISO 80369-20:2015.

• PerformanceTesting

As for the benchmarking tests related to the predicate device, blood collection performances such as the flow rate and quality of holder, holding strength of sleeve to adapter and needle to adapter are assessed and compared against that of the predicate device. The test methods employed are as summarized below:

The time taken to fill up a $3 . 0 \ \mathsf { m l }$ blood collection tube with liquid of viscosity similar to blood is recorded.

o Flow Rate   
Test -   
o Leakage   
Test

With the device held in place by a fixture, the maximum numbers of round of insertion and evacuation of blood collection tube the device can withstand before leakage start occurring at the device is recorded.

Page 4 of 5

# 510(k) Summary (K181743)

The device is held in place by a fixture and a force taken to insert or evacuate a blood collection tube into the holder of the device is recorded.

o Evacuation Force Test -   
O Holding Strength of Needle to Adapter Test -   
O Holding Strength of Sleeve to Adapter Test -   
o Deformation Test

Using fixture to hold the adapter in place, the needle is pull in a direction away from the adapter. The force taken to dislodge the needle from the adapter is recorded.

With the adapter held in place by a fixture, the sleeve is pulled in a direction away from the adapter and the force taken to dislodge the sleeve from the adapter is recorded.

The device is held in place by a fixture and a $5 ~ { \mathsf { k g } }$ force is applied on the device for a period of 5 minutes. The permanent change in outer diameter of the holder of the device before and after compression by the applied force is measured and recorded. This test assesses the quality of the holder.

# • Sterilization

Sterilization is done in accordance to ISO 11135-1:2014.

The Sterility Assurance Level (SAL) is ${ 1 0 ^ { - 6 } }$ .

# 9. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE CONCLUSION

The result of non-clinical testing demonstrates that the Blood Transfer Accessory (BTA) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device Vacutainer® Brand Multiple Sample Luer Adapter and has been demonstrated to meet its predetermined specifications.