July 12, 2018

Nova Biomedical Corporation   
John Mchale   
VP of RA/QA and Technical Support   
200 Prospect Street   
Waltham, MA 02454

Re: K181043 Trade/Device Name: StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PZI Dated: April 18, 2018 Received: April 19, 2018

Dear John Mchale:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If yur device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) orclass II MA), it ay be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely, Kellie B. Kelm -S for Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k181043

Device Name StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System

Indications for Use (Describe)

T patients receiving intensive mcdical intervention/therapy.

T or neonate heel stick.

It is not intended for use with nconate cord blood specimens.

I

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turohletion oaion  at veraghou  nc time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain thedata needed and coplete and review thecollection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

510(k) Number: K181043

510(k) Owner: Nova Biomedical Corporation Registration Number: 1219029 Address: 200 Prospect St. Waltham, MA 02453 Fax Number: 784-891-4806 Contact Person: John F. Mchale Phone: 781-894-0800 Date Prepared: July 3, 2018

Proprietary Name: StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System

Common or Usual Name: Blood Glucose Meter

Product Code: PZI

# Classification Name:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription Use Blood Glucose Meter ForNear-Patient Testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 PZI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td></tr></table>

Predicate Device: StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System, K150281.

# Device Description:

The StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System was previously cleared under K150281. The purpose of this dual 510(k) and CLIA Waiver submission for the StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System is to expand the indication for use to include the use of capillary specimens on patients receiving intensive medical intervention/therapy and support a CLIA Waived categorization for this expanded indication for use to incdethequantitativedeterminationglucose incapillary igertickhroughout all hospital andall professional healthcare settings. No changes have been made t the device, the software, the test strips, controls or linearity solutions.

The system contains the following:

1. StatStrip Meter, with integrated Wi-Fi connection and antenna option   
2. Charging Station   
3 Vial of StatStrip Test Strips   
4. Battery (3.7 V Lithium)   
5. Quick Reference Guide   
6. Instructions for Use Manual   
7. StatStrip Log Book

Offered separately:

StatStrip Test Strips Quality Control Solutions, Level 1, 2, 3 Linearity Solutions, Levels 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.

# Meter

The StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter is a hand-held testing device that works in conjunction with Nova StatStrip Glucose test strips to measure glucose in a whole blood sample. Meter operation is selfprompting using an illuminated touch-screen Graphical User Interface (GUl). In addition to measuring glu,heme lostore patint s dat qualyconrol est dat nohenoai elat :he patient, patient sample, operator, reagents and meter.

The self-prompting menu system is navigated by means of a combination of touch-panel on-screen keys, on-screen soft keyboard. The operator can use a finger or a PDA style stylus to select options for the onsipay Id ac ruspu, a adandorvisal ack r pt and user alerts. The Meter also has a barcode scanner that automates data entry.

The rechargeable batteries provide sufficient power to operate for 8 hours before requiring recharging. A bay gaebip constanlor eu hecurent staharge ebay Battery charge state information is available on the "meter Welcome screen". The meter will shutoff (Sleep) after 90 seconds of inactivity. Test data and meter setup information will be stored in a nonvolatile form to prevent data loss.

# Charging (Docking) Station

The meter charging station is a stationary accessory used to recharge the meter.The charging statior has one slot for the meter to be placed for charging and a slot for an extra battery to be charged.

The charging station should b located central to the patient care area being served by the meter ..   
nursing station). The data charging station must remain plugged in to a wall outlet for power.

The system stil allows the charging station to be used to transfer data from the meter to a central workstation, and allow meter setup information to be downloaded from the central workstation to the meter.

# Test Strips

The test strips contain a reaction layer that contains a glucose-enzyme (greater than 1.0 lU) and ferricyanide as a mediator.The test strip is touched to a drop of blood to initiate the test process.The str is designed such that when adrop bloodistuhed tothend the rp,he blood raw the reaction space via capilary action. A simple one-step process provides a blood glucose result. Test strips will be sold in vials of 25 strips.

# Control Solutions

The control solutions are aqueous assayed solutions, containing buffered D-Glucose, viscosity-adjusting agent, preservatives and other non-reactive ingredients (dye).They contain no products of human origin. Ther are three levels  controls, Level 1, Level2 nd Level .These solutins wil e offered rle separately from the meter.

# Linearity Solutions

There are 5 levels of Linearity solutions containing buffered D-Glucose, viscosity-adjusting agent, preservatives and other non-reactive ingredients (dye). They contain no products of human origin. These solutions areoffered separately from the system for users to verify the performance of the system.

Replacement batteries will be offered separately.

# Wi-Fi Option

The StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter provides a Wi-Fi communication method with a healthcare facility's network system. The wireless radio chipset utilizing the IEEE 802.11 a/b/g communication protocols (WiFi) is used as an optional means to transmit and receive test results, previously cleared under K150281.

# Intended Use:

TheStatStripGlucose Hospital MeterSystem is intended for point-of-care, invitrodiagnostic,multiplepatent use or thequantitativedetermination glucose in capillary gerstick,venous wholebloo, arterial whole blood, neonate arterial whole blood, and neonate heel stick specimens throughout all

hospital and all professional healthcare settings, including patients receiving intensive medical intervention/therapy.

The system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices when performing a capillary finger stick or neonate heel stick.

It is not intended for use with neonate cord blood specimens.

It isot intended r he screenigrdgnos  dabetesmellitus but idcatedorendeteri dysglycemia.

# Summary of the Technological Characteristics:

The StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System has the same scientific technology as the predicate. No chaneshave beenmade theme,he softwar, thetes stri, thecontlsrhe eariy ol. The onlychange is to the labeling of thedevice to allow the product tobeused on capillary samplesin critical care patient settings.The StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System is substantially equivalent to the StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System.

# Summary of the Clinical Study Data:

Nova Biomedical conducted a large multi-center study of the StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System at two (2) leading medical centers to demonstrate the clinical performance of capillary whole blood spemens otaied b ngerstick withi critical carhospital settings n patnts reeivingintiv medical intervention/therapy. StatStrip capillary glucose specimens were compared to plasma glucose specimens obtained from either an arterial or venous specimen within 15 minutes of the capillary specimen as measured on a central laboratory comparator method. Clinical Study Site #1 was a CLIA Waived prospective study and the other 2 studies conducted in Site #2 and Site #3 were CLIA Waived retrospective studies designed to assess real world clinical performance throughout all hospital and all professional healthcare settings. Study Site #1 and #3 is one of the top ranked hospitals in Diabetes & Endocrinology located in Minnesota and study Site #2 is one the world's preeminent healthcare iuis catMaylan dsticlinal suys  belnal b comparisons were against an IDMS traceable hexokinase comparator method (Roche Cobas System, Roche Diagnostics, Indianapolis, IN).

# Prospective Clinical Study

Th prospectivecapillary critical carclinical stud Site #1)include 58 critical care patients ndergoing intensive medical intervention/therapy within 3 critical care departments (CVICU, MICU and OR). The critical care patients from the CVICU and MICU included 80 unique patient conditions receiving a total of 3,785 medications representing 17 parent drug classes. Medical conditions and medications were unavailable for critical care patients in the OR.

# Real World Evidence Studies

The purpose of hese studies was to retrospectively data mine real world evidence on the performanceo Stattri gluose with capillary whole bloo specimens obtained by skin puncturefrom adult and peric patients in Intensive Care Units (ICUs) on critically ill patients receiving Intensive Medical Intervention/Therapy as compared to plasma glucose obtained from either an arterial or venous specimen. These real world retrospective studies were conducted by CLIA Waived operators within these healthcare settings. The CLIA Waived operators were qualified to use the StatStrip system per institutional requirements in these critical care settings.

# Real World Study Site Breakdown

Clinical Study #2 was a real world cinical eview  ,3critical care patients hrohout allcriticl c settings that had a glucose test performed using a capillary whole blood specimen obtained by finger stick and a plasma glucose test obtained from either an arterial or venous specimen performed in the central laboratory within 15 minutes of the capillary test. Medical conditions and medications were unavailable for critical care patients in this study.

Clinical Study #3 was a real world clinical review of 14,645 critical care patients throughout all citcal care settings that had a glucose test performed using a capillary whole blood specimen obtained by finger stick and a plasma glucose test obtained from either an arterial or venous specimen performed in the central laboratory within 15 minutes of the capillary test. Medical conditions and medications were unavailable for critical care patients in this study.

# Clinical Study Performance

Study #1 (Prospective Study)

Fingertip capillary samples with glucose concentrations <75 mg/dL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 12 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exceeds± 15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1 (0%)</td></tr></table>

Fingertip capillary samples with glucose concentration ≥75 mg/dL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 10 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 12 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 15 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 20 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exceeds± 20 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277/567(48.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450/567(79.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>484/567(85.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>516/567(91.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>549/567(96.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18/567(3.2%)</td></tr></table>

# Study #2 and #3 (Combined)

Fingertip capillary samples with glucose concentrations <75 mg/dL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 12 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exceeds± 15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>907/1894(47.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1470/1894(77.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1614/1894(85.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1737/1894(91.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157/1894(8.3%)</td></tr></table>

Fingertip capillary samples with glucose concentration ≥75 mg/dL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 10 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 12 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 15 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within± 20 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exceeds± 20 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7473/14884(50.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11807/14884(79.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12799/14884(86.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13712/14884(92.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14350/14884(96.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>534/14884(3.6%)</td></tr></table>

# Comparison of Predicate and Proposed devices

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: Nova StatStripHospital Glucose Meter (K150281)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed: Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication ForUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The StatStrip Glucose Hospital MeterSystem is intended for point-of-care, invitro diagnostic, multiple-patient use forthe quantitative determination ofglucose in capillary finger stick, venouswhole blood, arterial whole blood,neonate arterial whole blood, andneonate heel stick specimens.The StatStrip Glucose Hospital MeterSystem is also intended for use in thequantitative determination of glucose invenous whole blood, arterial wholeblood, neonate heel stick and neonatalarterial samples throughout all hospitaland all professional healthcare settings.The system should only be used withsingle-use, auto-disabling lancingdevices when performing a capillaryfinger stick or neonate heel stick.It is not intended for use with neonatecord blood specimens.It is not intended for the screening ordiagnosis of diabetes mellitus but isindicated for use in determiningdysglycemia.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The StatStrip Glucose Hospital MeterSystem is intended for point-of-care, invitro diagnostic, multiple-patient use forthe quantitative determination ofglucose in capillary finger stick, venouswhole blood, arterial whole blood,neonate arterial whole blood, andneonate heel stick specimensthroughout all hospital and allprofessional healthcare settings,including critical care settings.The system should only be used withsingle-use, auto-disabling lancingdevices when performing a capillaryfinger stick or neonate heel stick.It is not intended for use with neonatecord blood specimens.It is not intended for the screening ordiagnosis of diabetes mellitus but isindicated for use in determiningdysglycemia.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HematocritRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-65%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemical biosensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Handheldmeter?</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic, no Calibration Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,500 patient or QC test results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test time toresult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.8 ounces</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcodescanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rechargeable 3.7 volt Lithium battery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strips -Active reagent:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QualityControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, 3 levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DockingStation?</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wi-Fi NetworkConnectivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Predicate</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The results f the clinical study data confirmed that theStatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System is safe andeffective for its intended purpose. StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System is substantilly equivalent to that of the predicate StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System (K15028).