February 1, 2019

Andon Health Co., Ltd   
Yi Liu   
President   
No. 3 Jinping Street, Ya An Road   
Nankai District   
Tianjin 300190 China

Re: K181070 Trade/Device Name: iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (iHealth Gluco+) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW Dated: December 24, 2018 Received: December 27, 2018

Dear Yi Liu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.IRU Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System（iHealth Gluco+）

Indications for Use (Describe)

The iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (iHealth Gluco $+$ ) consists of the iHealth Wireless Smart Glucose Meter (BG5S) and the iHealth Blood Glucose Test Strips (EGS-2003). The iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (iHealth Gluco+) is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, palm, forearm, upper arm, calf, or thigh. The iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (iHealth Gluco+) is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (iHealth Gluco $+$ ) is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (iHealth Gluco+) should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement of SMDA and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 510(k) Number: k181070

# 1.0 submitter’s information

Name: Andon Health Co., Ltd.   
Address: No.3 Jinping Street,Ya’an Road, Nankai District, Tianjin, P.R. China

Phone number: 86-22-87611660 Fax number: 86-22-6052 6162 Contact: Yi Liu Date of Preparation: 4/18/2018

# 2.0 Device information

Trade name: iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System（iHealth Gluco+）   
Common name: Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Classification name: Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# 3.0 Classification

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry(75)</td></tr></table>

# 4.0 Predicate device information

Manufacturer: Andon Health Co., Ltd.

Device: iHealth BG5 WIRELESS SMART GLUCOSE MONITORING SYSTEM

510(k) number: K170231

# 5.0 Test principle

The blood glucose Monitoring System consist of blood glucose meter, single use test strips, sterile lancets, lancing device and the control solutions.

They are based on an electrochemical biosensor technology (electrochemical) and the principle of capillary action. For EGS-2003 test strip, the reactive enzyme is glucose dehydrogenase.

Capillary action at the end of the test strip draws the blood into the action chamber and the glucose in blood will take electrochemical reaction with the enzyme, the blood glucose result is displayed in 5 seconds.

# 6.0 Device description

The iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System （ iHealth Gluco+ ） consist of BG5S glucose meter, EGS-2003 test strip, iHealth $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ control solution(Level I, Level II, Level III), lancet and lancing device. The BG5S glucose meter can display test result on meter itself, and can also be connected to iOS device and Android device through bluetooth and display test result on iOS or Android device.

# 7.0 Intended use

The iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (iHealth Gluco+) consists of the iHealth Wireless Smart Glucose Meter (BG5S) and the iHealth Blood Glucose Test Strips (EGS-2003). The iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (iHealth Gluco+) is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, palm, forearm, upper arm, calf, or thigh. The iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (iHealth Gluco+) is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (iHealth ${ \mathsf { G l u c o } } +$ ) is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System (iHealth Gluco+) should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

8.0 Summary comparing technological characteristics with predicate device

# Specification Comparison

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTICS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREDICATE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEW DEVICE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BG5 BGMS (K170231)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BG5S BGMS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Oxidase and Glucosedehydrogenase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose dehydrogenase</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Meter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biosensor (Electrode)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary whole blood fromAST(Alternative site testing) andfinger</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood sample is placed directly tothe test strip after finger or AST islanced.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperature Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10~40(50°-104°F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10~40°(50°-104°F)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9mm × 34.5mm ×19mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate BG5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LED display,Connect to iOS device andandroid device to displaymeasurement results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate,except the LED color ischanged</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Presentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL or mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory Capabilities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 times with time and datedisplaying</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate BG5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Start</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 second</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DC 3.7V d.C.li-ion 250mAh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate BG5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20mg/dL-600mg/dL(1.1mmol/L~33.3mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50mg/dL-600mg/dL(2.8mmol/L~33.3mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualified Test Strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EGS-2003 and AGS-1000I TestStrip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EGS-2003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum 0.7 micro liter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Connect Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Connect to iOS device andAndroid device through bluetooth3.0 wireles radio technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Connect to iOS deviceand Android devicethrough bluetooth 4.0wireles radio technology;</td></tr></table>

# Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed

• Performance, functionality, and reliability of the proposed device has been evaluated. The performance evaluation include precision, altitude, temperature & humidity, linearity, interference, sample volume and hematocrit.

• Software: documentation was prepared and submitted for a moderate level of concern device in accordance with FDA’s Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices;

# Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed

User Evaluation was completed for the iHealth Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System（iHealth Gluco+）. The study results demonstrate that the user accuracy and ease of use (via participant questionnaire scoring) confirmed the proposed device to be substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# 9.0 Comparison to the predicate device and the conclusion

The proposed device is similar with the predicate device, they are both for single patient use, can test the blood glucose at the alternative site. The hematocrit range, the altitude and the use function are all the same, and all the proposed device can be connected to not only the iOS device, but also the Android device.

Compared the predicate device, BG5S connect to iOS device and Android device through bluetooth 4.0 wireles radio technology, which is different from the predicate device, and new mobile phone is added to the device. BG5S only declare to use one qualified test strip.

More over, the LED display color of BG5S is change, and the declared measurement range is also changed.

However, the test in this submission provides demonstration that these small differences do not raise any new questions of safety and effectiveness.