December 13, 2018

Nova Biomedical Corporation Khushboo Surendran 200 Prospect Street Waltham, MA 02454

Re: K182549 Trade/Device Name: StatStrip Xpress 2 Glucose Hospital Meter System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PZI Dated: September 14, 2018 Received: September 17, 2018

Dear Khushboo Surendran:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

# Sincerely, Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K182549

Device Name StatStrip Xpress 2 Glucose Hospital Meter System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The StatStrip Xpress 2 Glucose Hospital Meter System is intended for point-of-care, in vitro diagnostic, multiple-patient use for the quantitative determination of glucose in capillary finger stick, venous whole blood, arterial whole blood, neonate arterial whole blood, and neonate heel stick specimens throughout all hospital and all professional healthcare settings, including patients receiving intensive medical intervention/therapy.

The system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices when performing a capillary finger stick or neonate heel stick.

It is not intended for use with neonate cord blood specimens.

It is not intended for the screening or diagnosis of diabetes mellitus but is indicated for use in determining dysglycemia.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

510(k) Number: K182549

510(k) Owner: Nova Biomedical Corporation Registration Number: 1219029 Address: 200 Prospect St. Waltham, MA 02454 Fax Number: 784-891-4806 Contact Person: Khushboo Surendran Phone: 781-894-0800 Date Prepared: September 14, 2018

Proprietary Name: StatStrip Xpress 2 Glucose Hospital Meter System

Common or Usual Name: Blood Glucose Meter

Product Code: PZI

# Classification Name:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription Use Blood Glucose Meter ForNear-Patient Testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 PZI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td></tr></table>

Predicate Device: StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System, K181043.

# Device Description:

The purpose of this submission is to change the labeling by expanding the indication for use statement to include the use of capillary whole blood specimens throughout all hospital and all professional healthcare settings, including patients receiving intensive medical intervention/therapy. This expanded indication was previously cleared for the predicate device, StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System in K181043. No changes have been made to the candidate device, the software, the test strips, controls or linearity solutions since the clearance in K163490.

# Meter:

The StatStrip Xpress 2 Glucose Hospital Meter is a hand-held, battery-powered, in vitro diagnostic laboratory instrument that works in conjunction with Nova Biomedical glucose electrochemical test strips to measure glucose in a whole blood sample, a Quality Control (QC) solution, linearity, or proficiency solutions. In addition to measuring glucose, the meter stores patient test data, QC test data, and other information relating to patient, patient sample, operator, reagents, and the meter. The meter can store up to 400 patient and/or quality control test results. The user can review all stored test results on screen. Functions and data selection are accomplished by 3 push buttons. The meter has a built-in beeper for audible alerts and prompts.

# Test Strips:

The StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter Test Strips are intended for use with the StatStrip Xpress 2 Glucose Hospital Meter System. No changes have been made to the form, fit, function or packaging of StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter Test Strips since K152986 clearance and they are not a subject of this submission.

# Control Solutions:

The Nova StatStrip Glucose Control Solutions are used as a quality control check to ensure that the StatStrip Xpress 2 Glucose Hospital Meter and the Glucose Test Strips are working properly as a system.

No changes have been made to the form, fit, function or packaging of the Nova StatStrip Glucose Control Solution since K152986 clearance and they are not a subject of this submission.

# Linearity Solutions:

The Nova StatStrip Glucose Linearity Solutions are used to check the linearity of the Nova StatStrip Xpress 2 Glucose Hospital Meter. No changes have been made to the form, fit, function or packaging of the Nova StatStrip Glucose Linearity Solution since K152986 clearance and they are not a subject of this submission.

# Principle of Test

The Test Strip is designed with an electrode that measures glucose levels. Glucose (sugar) in the blood sample mixes with reagent on the test strip that produces an electric current. The amount of current that is produced depends on how much glucose is in the blood. The StatStrip Xpress 2 Glucose Hospital Meter System with StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter Test Strip measures the glucose level in blood. The glucose result is displayed on the screen of the meter. The test strip is calibrated against plasma.

# Intended Use:

The StatStrip Xpress 2 Glucose Hospital Meter System is intended for point-of-care, in vitro diagnostic, multiple-patient use for the quantitative determination of glucose in capillary finger stick, venous whole blood, arterial whole blood, neonate arterial whole blood, and neonate heel stick specimens throughout all hospital and all professional healthcare settings, including patients receiving intensive medical intervention/therapy.

The system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices when performing a capillary finger stick or neonate heel stick.

It is not intended for use with neonate cord blood specimens.

It is not intended for the screening or diagnosis of diabetes mellitus but is indicated for use in determining dysglycemia.

# Summary of the Technological Characteristics:

The StatStrip Xpress 2 Glucose Hospital Meter System uses the exact same technology, operating principle, software measurement algorithm and user workflow as the predicate device, StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System (K181043).

No change is being made to the candidate device. The only proposed change is to the labeling of the device to allow the product to be used on capillary whole blood specimens throughout all hospital and all professional healthcare settings, including patients receiving intensive medical intervention/therapy.

# Comparison of Predicate and Candidate devices

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K181043)StatStrip Glucose Hospital MeterSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceStatStrip Xpress 2 Glucose Hospital MeterSystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter Systemis intended for point-of-care, in vitrodiagnostic, multiple-patient use for thequantitative determination of glucose incapillary finger stick, venous whole blood,arterial whole blood, neonate arterial wholeblood, and neonate heel stick specimensthroughout all hospital and all professionalhealthcare settings, including patientsreceiving intensive medical interven-tion/therapy.The system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices whenperforming a capillary finger stick or neonateheel stick.It is not intended for use with neonate cordblood specimens.It is not intended for the screening ordiagnosis of diabetes mellitus but is indicatedfor use in determining dysglycemia.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The StatStrip Xpress 2 Glucose HospitalMeter System is intended for point-of-care,in vitro diagnostic, multiple-patient use forthe quantitative determination of glucose incapillary finger stick, venous whole blood,arterial whole blood, neonate arterial wholeblood, and neonate heel stick specimensthroughout all hospital and all professionalhealthcare settings, including patientsreceiving intensive medical interven-tion/therapy.The system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices whenperforming a capillary finger stick or neonateheel stick.It is not intended for use with neonate cordblood specimens.It is not intended for the screening ordiagnosis of diabetes mellitus but is indicatedfor use in determining dysglycemia.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemical biosensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme, Amperometric Glucose Enzyme(Aspergillus sp., &gt;1.0 IU)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole blood (finger stick), venouswhole blood, arterial whole blood, neonatalheel stick, and neonatal arterial whole bloodsamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleapplication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test strip capillary draw</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuringrange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocritrange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-65%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reportedoutput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~ 6 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic, no Calibration Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test stripactive reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Handheld</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 patient tests, 200 QC tests, 4000Operators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400 patient, quality control,linearity, and proficiency tests</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rechargeable 3.7 volt Lithium battery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 AAA Batteries</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingTemp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59°F - 104°F (15° - 40°C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41° to 104°F (5° to 40°C)</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The expanded indication proposed in this submission was previously cleared for the predicate device (K181043). No changes have been made to the candidate device, the software, the test strips, controls or linearity solutions since the K163490 clearance therefore; there are no additional safety and efficacy concerns to the device.

The candidate device with the proposed revised labeling is substantially equivalent to the predicate StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System (K181043), and supports a CLIA waiver designation.