July 26, 2019

Healthy.io Ltd   
Ron Zohar   
Chief Product Officer   
2 Ibn Gabirol Street   
Tel Aviv, 6407702   
Israel   
Re: K182384   
Trade/Device Name: ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1225 Regulation Name: Creatinine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JFY, JIR, KQO Dated: June 25, 2019 Received: June 25, 2019

Dear Ron Zohar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie Kelm, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System is comprised of a smartphone application, a proprietary Color-Board, and ACR Reagent Strips. It is intended for the semi-quantitative detection of albumin and creatinine in urine, as well as the presentation of their ratio. The ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System is intended for in-vitro diagnostic use by a healthcare professional in a point of care setting. These results may be used in conjunction with clinical evaluation as an aid in the diagnosis for kidney function.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenoioatinatve time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and coplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# HHealthy,io

# Attachment	3

# 510(K)	SUMMARY

# Healthy.io’s	ACR | LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System k182384

# Submitter

Healthy.io	Ltd.   
2	Ibn	Gabirol	St.   
Tel	Aviv,	6407702	Israel   
Phone:	+972-54-445-4514 Fax:	+972-77-470-4808   
Contact	Person:		Ron	Zohar

Date	Prepared:		July 2019

Name	of	Device:	ACR | LAB Urine	Analysis	Test	System

Common	or	Usual	Name:	Smartphone	enabled	albumin-creatinine	ratio	analyzer

# Regulation	Section	and	Classification	Name:

Class	I:	Albumin   
Class	II:	Creatinine   
21	CFR $\ S$ 862.1645	Urinary	protein	or	albumin	(non-quantitative)	test	system   
21	CFR	§ 862.1225	Creatinine	test	system   
21	CFR § 862.2900	Automated	urinalysis	system

# Product	Code:

JIR JFY KQO

# Classification	Panel:	Clinical	Chemistry

# Predicate	Device:

The	ACR | LAB	is	substantially	equivalent	to	the	following	predicate	device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACON Laboratories Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mission U120 Ultra Urine Analyzerand Mission Urinalysis Reagent Strips(Microalbumin/Creatinine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k142391</td></tr></table>

# HHealthy,io

# Device	Description:

The	ACR |	LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	is	comprised	of	a	smartphone	application,	a	proprietary	ColorBoard	and	ACR	Reagent	Strips.	It	is	intended	for	the	semi-quantitative	detection	of	albumin and	creatinine in	urine,	as	well	as	the	presentation of	their ratio.

The	device	is	provided	as	a	kit	that	is	comprised	of a	canister	of	100	FDA-cleared	urine	test	strips (ACON Laboratories	Inc.	Mission	Urinalysis	Reagent	Strips	(Microalbumin/Creatinine)	k150330),	10	Color-Boards, and	a	User	Manual.	The	ACR | LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	also	consists	of	a	smartphone	application	for use on iPhone	7 device (iOS	12),	and	an	image	recognition	algorithm running	on	the	Backend1 .

The	 software	 component	 of	 the	 ACR | LAB	 consists	 of	 both	 an	 application (App) and	 a	 Backend	 server (Backend).	The	App	instructs	the professional	user how	to accurately perform the	test.	The	App	conducts a	series	of	boundary	condition	analyses,	and	if	the	scan	is	approved,	sends	the	information	to	the	Backend for	complete	analysis	and	results	classification.	Once	analyzed,	the	results	are	securely	transmitted	to	a patient Electronic	Medical	Record	for	review	by	a	healthcare	professional.	The	patients	do	not	have	access to	the	results	at	any	point	during	the	testing	process.

# Device	Components:

The	ACR | LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	is	comprised	of	the	following	components:

1.	 A	canister	of	100	Mission	Urinalysis	Reagent	Strips U031-021	(ACON	Laboratories	Inc.,	k150330)   
2.	 Ten	individually	wrapped	Color-Boards   
3.	 A	smartphone	App   
4.	 A	backend,	cloud-based	server   
5.	 A	user	manual   
6. iPhone	7	with	iOS	12	(not	provided)

# Intended	Use/Indication	for	Use:

The	ACR	|	LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	is	comprised	of	a	smartphone	application,	a	proprietary	ColorBoard,	and	ACR	Reagent	Strips.	It	is	intended	for	the	semi-quantitative	detection	of	albumin	and creatinine	in	urine,	as	well	as	the	presentation	of	their	ratio.	The	ACR	|	LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	is intended	for	in-vitro	diagnostic	use	by	a	healthcare	professional	in	a	point	of	care	setting.	These	results may	be	used	in	conjunction	with	clinical	evaluation	as	an	aid	in	the	diagnosis	for	kidney	function.

# Comparison	of	ACR	|	LAB	and	ACON	Laboratories’ Mission	U120	Ultra	Urine	Analyzer:

Table	1 below	summarizes	similarities	and	variabilities	between	the	ACR	|	LAB	and	its	predicate	device, ACON	 Laboratories’	 Mission	 U120	 Ultra	 Urine	 Analyzer and	 Mission	 Urinalysis	 Reagent	 Strips (Microalbumin/Creatinine) (k142391).

# HHealthy,io

Table	1: Comparison	between	ACR	|	LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	and	the	ACON	Laboratories’ Mission U120	Ultra	Urine	Analyzer	(k142391)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Healthy.io&#x27;s ACR | LAB UrineAnalysis Test System (k182384)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACON Laboratories&#x27; Mission U120Ultra Urine Analyzer and strips(k142391)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ACR | LAB Urine Analysis TestSystem is comprised of asmartphone application, aproprietary Color-Board, and ACRReagent Strips. It is intended for thesemi-quantitative detection ofalbumin and creatinine in urine, aswell as the presentation of theirratio. The ACR | LAB Urine AnalysisTest System is intended for in-vitrodiagnostic use by a healthcareprofessional in a point of caresetting. These results may be usedin conjunction with clinicalevaluation as an aid in the diagnosisfor kidney function.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The MissionU120 Ultra UrineAnalyzer is a uranalysis instrumentintended for in vitro diagnostic use. Itis intended for professional use only atpoint-of-care locations. The MissionU120 Ultra Urine Analyzer is intendedto read Mission® Urinalysis ReagentStrips (Microalbumin/Creatinine) forthe semi-quantitative measurementof albumin and creatinine. Thesemeasurements are used to assistdiagnosis for kidney function.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reflectance Photometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reflectance Photometry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Photosensitive Diode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Photosensitive Diode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Conditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-35°C (32-95°F); ≤93% Humidity(non-condensing)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-40°C (32-104°F); ≤85% Humidity(non-condensing)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strips to be used</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mission Urinalysis Reagent StripsU031-021 (k150330)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mission Urinalysis Reagent StripsU031-021</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip OperatingConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-30°C [59°-86°F]20%-80% Relative humidity (non-condensing)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-30°C [59°-86°F]20%-80% Relative humidity (non-condensing)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Incubation Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 minute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 minute</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 AA batteries 100- 240 VAC(adapter), (46-65 Hz± 1HZ)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Line Leakage Current</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;2.5mA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Transfer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Via internet connection from theBackend   to   the   dedicatedsmartphone as well as to a patientElectronic Medical Record (EMR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USB port (data communications);Standard RS232C port for barcodereader or data transfer or externalprinter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capabilities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transmission to EMR via internetconnection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal printer (included) 25 pinparallel  external  printerport</td></tr></table>

# HHealthy,io

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Healthy.io&#x27;s ACR | LAB UrineAnalysis Test System (k182384)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACON Laboratories&#x27; Mission U120Ultra Urine Analyzer and strips(k142391)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>connector (included) barcode reader(optional)RS232C barcode readerBluetooth adapterEthernet via USB to RJ45 adapterUSB wireless net-card (optional)SD card or USB flash drive for softwareupdate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Available languages onscreen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>English (others as installed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>English (default) and additionallanguages</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring cycle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 1 minute per test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 1 minute per test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Smartphones</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iPhone 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iOS 12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 cm (H) x 23.2 cm (W) x 18.5 (L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260mm (L) x 150 mm (W) x 175mm(W)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;380 g (not including the dedicatedsmartphone)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 1.66 kg without batteries or powersupply</td></tr></table>

# Summary	of	Equivalence	Discussion:

ACR	|	LAB	and	its	predicate	device,	ACON	Laboratories’ Mission	U120	Ultra	Urine	Analyzer	(k142391), both	are	intended	for	prescription,	in	vitro	diagnostic	use	by	a	healthcare	professional	in	a	point	of	care setting, with	test	results	reviewed	by	a	clinician for	further	care. The	Method	Comparison	study	results and	bench	test	results	demonstrate	substantial	equivalence	and	provide	evidence	for	the	safety	and effectiveness	of	the	ACR	|	LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	in	comparison	to	the ACON	Laboratories’ Mission	U120	Ultra	Urine	Analyzer and	Mission	Urinalysis	Reagent	Strips	(Microalbumin/Creatinine) (k142391).

# Summary	of	Performance	Data:

Healthy.io	conducted	both	bench	and	clinical	studies	to	test	the	accuracy	of	the	ACR | LAB	Analysis	Test System	 and	 its	 agreement	 with	 its	 predicate	 device.	 These	 analytical	 and	 clinical	 performance	 studies (conducted	in	three	independent	point	of	care	clinical	sites	in	the	United	States)	as	well	as	the	software validation	testing	are	summarized	below.

# Analytical	Performance	Testing:

The	 performance	 characteristics	 of	 the	 ACR | LAB	 Urine	 Analysis	 Test	 System	 were	 evaluated	 by	 the following	analytical	performance	tests:

Precision. This	 study	 was	 comprised	 of	 two	 separate	 sub-studies,	 including:	 1)	 Repeatability;	 and	 2) Reproducibility.	The	precision	studies	were	designed	and	executed	in	accordance	with	guidance	provided by	Clinical	and	Laboratory	Standards	Institute	document	EP05-A3	– Evaluation	of	Precision	of	Quantitative Measurement	Procedures;	Approved	Guideline	– Third	Edition.

# HHealthy,io

The	Repeatability	study	was	conducted	at	three	sites	over	the	course	of	one	day.	Each	operator	tested three spiked	levels	of	urine	using	twenty	ACR	Reagent	Strips	(Strips) from	three	lots	on	a	dedicated iPhone	7	device.	For	each	analyte,	189	total	tests	were	performed during	the	Repeatability	study	(189 $= 3$ sites	X	3	solutions	X	3	lots	X	7	strips	X	1	phones).	The	ACR | LAB	device	recorded	an	exact	match	of $100 \%$ during	the	study.

The	Reproducibility	study	was	conducted	at	three	sites	over	the	course	of	20	days,	with	test	operators switching	locations	every	six-to-seven	days.	For	every run,	each operator used	a	dedicated	iPhone	7 device	to	test three	spiked	levels	of	urine.	To	do	this,	the	operator	used	three	Strips	per	sample,	one Strip each	from	three	separate	lots. Five	devices	were	used	throughout	course	of	the	study.	These	were rotated,	with	three	phones	used	on	any	given	day.	For	each	analyte,	1,080	total	tests	were	taken	during the	Reproducibility	study	(3	sites $\textsf { x 3 }$ solutions	X	3	lots $\textsf { x 2 }$ runs $\yen 20$ days $\textsf { x 1 }$ device).	The	ACR | LAB device	recorded	an	exact	match	of $9 9 . 8 \%$ during	the	course	of	the	study.

Interference.	Testing	of	potential	interfering	substances	with	the	ACR | LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System was	designed	and	executed	in	accordance	with	guidance	provided	by	Clinical	and	Laboratory	Standards Institute	document	EP07	– Interference	Testing	in	Clinical	Chemistry	– Third	Edition;	and	EP37	- Supplemental	Tables	for	Interference	Testing	in	Clinical	Chemistry,	1st	Edition.

Interference	 was	 defined	 as	 a	 change	 in	 output	 of $\geq 1$ color	 block	 between	 spiked	 and	 unspiked (control)	samples.	Once	interference	was	detected,	a	dose-response	study	was	carried	out	at	 three decreasing	intervals	to	determine	the	lowest	concentration	level	that	causes	interference.	Interfering substances	 and	 their	 lowest	 concentrations	 causing	 interference	 were	 identified	 and	 listed	 in	 the accompanying	User	Manual.

Limit	of	Detection. Testing	of	the	ACR | LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	Limits	of	Detection	was	designed and	executed	in accordance	with	guidance	provided	by	Clinical	and	Laboratory	Standards	Institute	(CLSI) document	EP17-A2	– Evaluation	of	Detection	Capability	for	Clinical	Laboratory	Measurement	Procedures; Approved	Guideline	– Second	Edition.

The	 Limit	 of	 Detection	 study was	 based	 on	 validated	 spiked	 or	 diluted	 urine	 solutions	 at	 known concentrations	for	each	analyte.	The	samples	were	adjusted	to	concentrations	that	were	divided	into four	equivalent	intervals	between	the	stated	cut-off	blocs.	The	cut-off	for	each	block	is defined	as	the lowest	concentration	at	which $5 5 5 \%$ of	the	results	were	positive.

Linearity.	The	linearity	study	of	the	ACR | LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	was	designed	and	executed	in accordance	with	guidance	provided	by	the	Clinical	and	Laboratory	Standards	Institute	(CLSI)	document	EP6- A	 – Evaluation	 of	 Linearity	 of	 Quantitative	 Measurement	 Procedures:	 A	 Statistical	 Approach;	 Approved Guideline.

The	Linearity	study	tested	the	ability	of	the	ACR | LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	to	provide	results that	 are directly	 proportional	 to	 the	 concentrations	 of	 analytes	 within	 each	 test	 sample.	 The	 study tested	the	entire	range	of	values	that	the	ACR | LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	is	designed	to	measure. These	 expected	 values	 were	 presented	 against	 actual	 device results.	 Both	 of	 the	 analytes demonstrated	a	linear	relationship	between	variables,	with	no	biases	disrupting	the	overall	pattern	of linearity.

# HHealthy,io

Timing	Flex	Study.	This	experiment	essentially	consists	of	four	different	studies:	1.	carry-over;	2. dipping; 3.	wetting	(blotting); and	4.	assay-time;	and was	designed	to	evaluate	how	the	timing	of	dipping,	wetting, and	blotting,	as	well	as	carry-over	of	the	Strips	impacts	the	ability	of	the	ACR | LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test System	to	accurately	measure	the	levels	of albumin	and	creatinine	in	a	urine	sample.	The	framework	of this	study	is	based	primarily	on	similar	studies	of devices	with	similar	indications	for	use.

Carry-Over.	In	this	study, strips were	held	in	both	the	"up"	(with	the	creatinine	on	top)	and	"down" (with	the	albumin	on	top)	positions	for	different	time	intervals	after	being	dipped	in	spiked	solutions. None	of	the	carry-over	time	durations,	in	both	"up"	and	"down"	configurations	had	any	impact	on	the ACR | LAB's	ability	to	measure	accurate	results.	The	study	used	the	most	extreme	cases,	testing	for high-positive	"run-off"	into	low-positive	patches.

Wetting	(Blotting)	Time:	This	experiment	tested	six	different	"blotting"	times,	i.e.	the	tester	dipped	the Strip and	then	waited	a	specific	amount	of	time	(0-,	5-,	10-,	20-,	40- and	60-seconds)	before	blotting the	Strip and	scanning	it	with	the	ACR | LAB	device.	For creatinine,	none	of	the	various	dipping	times impacted	the	accuracy	of	the	device.	For	albumin,	waiting	60-seconds	to	blot	the	strip	resulted	in	False Positive	results.	The	User	Manual	and	in-app	instructions	direct	the	professional	user	to	dip,	blot,	and place	the	strip on	the	Color-Board	in	quick succession.

Dipping	Time.	Strips were	dipped	in	spiked	solutions	for	four	different	time	durations	(1-,	2-,	5-,	and 10-seconds)	to	test	the	impact	of	various	dipping	times	on	the	ACR | LAB's	ability	to	perform	accurate measurements.	For	creatinine,	none	of	the	various	dipping	times	impacted	the	accuracy	of	the device. For	 albumin,	 at	 times	 5- and	 10-seconds	 there	 was	 an	 increase	 in	 False	 Positive	 results.	 The	 User Manual	and	in-app	instructions	direct	the	professional	user	to	dip	the	ACR	Reagent	Strip	for	1-second.

Assay	 Time:	 This	 experiment	 tested	 how	 different	 assay	 times	 impacted the	 ACR | LAB's	 ability	 to measure	 accurate	 results.	 Strips	 were	 dipped	 and	 then	 immediately	 blotted,	 per	 the	 device's instructions.	The	user	then	waited	a	predetermined	amount	of	time	(60-,	80-,	100-,	or	120- seconds) before	scanning	the	strip.	None	of	the	assay	time	durations	had	any	impact	on	the	ACR | LAB's	ability to	accurately	measure	albumin	or	creatinine.	The	User	Manual	and	the	in-app	instructions	direct	the professional	user	to	scan	the	Strip	and	Color-Board	once	the	in-app timer	has	indicated	that	60-seconds have	elapsed.

Stability. This	 stability	 experiment	 was	 designed	 to	 test	 the	 ACR | LAB	 ability	 to	 provide	 accurate measurements	 after	 subjecting	 the	 device	 kit to	 both	 real	 time	 and	 accelerated	 aging	 timeframes	 and conditions	that	could	arise	during	transportation	(e.g.	temperature,	humidity	and	vibration). In	addition, an	 open	 vial	 experiment	 was	 also	 conducted.	 After	 exposure	 to	 these	 transportation	 conditions	 and timeframes,	the	performance	of	the	kits	was	evaluated	through	a	number	of	functional	tests.	The	ACR	| LAB	device	was	not	affected	by	any	of	these	parameters	and	its	stability	was	therefore	confirmed.

# Clinical	Performance	Testing:

Method	Comparison. The	objective	of	the	Method	Comparison	study	was	to	test	the	ACR | LAB's	degree of	agreement	with	its	predicate	device,	when	operated	by	a	professional user	at	a	point-of-care	location

The	primary	acceptance	criteria	for	the	study	were	the	percent of exact	match	and $\pm 1$ color	block	match between	the	ACR | LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	and	the	predicate.	Throughout	the	testing,	the	ACR |

# HHealthy,io

LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	demonstrated	high	levels	of	accuracy	as	demonstrated by	its	percent of agreement	with	the	predicate	device.

# Study	Design

The	study	evaluated	native	urine	samples	from	375	subjects as	well	as	60	contrived	samples	at	three	U.S. clinical	 sites. The	 ACR | LAB	 device was	 provided	 to	 the	 study	 coordinators.	 All	 subjects	 were	 asked	 to provide	a	urine	sample.	Two	separate	lab	technicians were	responsible	for	measuring	each	urine	sample. The	 first	 lab	 technician measured	 the	 urine	 sample	 using	 the	 iPhone	 7 device;	 the	 second	 technician measured	the	urine	sample	using	the	predicate	device, the	ACON	Laboratories’ Mission	U120	Ultra	Urine Analyzer (U120	Ultra).	Each	urine	sample	was	tested	twice	in	total;	once	with	the	iPhone	7	device	and	then subsequently	 with the	 predicate	 device	 (U120	 Ultra).	 The	 results	 of	 the	 ACR | LAB	 device	 and	 results measured	by	the	predicate	(U120	Ultra)	were	compared.

# Study	Results	– Accuracy

The	 overall	 agreement $\%$ exact	 match)	 between	 the	 ACR | LAB	 Urine	 Analysis	 Test	 System	 and	 the predicate	device	was $89 \%$ for	albumin	and $84 \%$ for	creatinine.	The	overall	agreement	between	the	ACR | LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	and	the	predicate	device	when	measuring	the	albumin-creatinine	ratio	was $93 \%$ .	The $\pm \nobreakspace 1 \nobreakspace$ color	block $\%$ agreement	between	the	ACR | LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test	System	and	the	predicate device	was $100 \%$ for	albumin, $100 \%$ for	creatinine,	and $100 \%$ for	the	albumin-creatinine	ratio.

The	high	rates	with	which	the	ACR | LAB	measured	the	same	results as	the	predicate	ACON	Laboratories’ Mission	U120	Ultra	Urine	Analyzer	demonstrate	substantial	equivalence	between	the	two	devices.

# Software	Validation:

Validation	of	the	ACR | LAB	device	software	was	performed	according	to	clause	14	of	IEC	60601-1	(third edition)	 Software	 requirements,	 IEC	 62304:2004	 to	 IEC	 62304	 – 2006/AC	 2008,	 Medical	 device,	 and Software	life-cycle	processes	standards.	The	software	related	documents	were	composed	according	to	the specific	 IEEE	 standards	 and	 the	 FDA	 Guidance	 for	 the	 Content	 of	 Premarket	 Submissions	 for	 Software Contained	in	Medical	Devices.	The	Software	Validation	documents	summarize	the	validation	assessment and	 demonstrate	 that	 the	 software	 meets	 the	 design	 requirements	 and	 all	 potential	 risks	 have	 been mitigated.

In	accordance	with	the	FDA’s	guidance	 for	management	of	cyber-security	in	medical	devices,	the	OCR’s HIPAA	regulation	and	ISO	27001:2013,	Healthy.io	conducted	a	comprehensive	hazard analysis.	The	cyber security	analysis	report,	together	with	the	cyber	security	validation	test	report	summarizes	the	assessment process	for	cyber	security	and	demonstrates	that	the	software	meets	the	required	level	of	cyber	security protection.

# Conclusions:

The	clinical	and	analytical	performance	study	results	demonstrate	that	the	ACR | LAB	Urine	Analysis	Test System	is	substantially	equivalent	to	the	predicate	device	Mission® U120	Ultra	Urine	Analyzer and Mission	Urinalysis	Reagent	Strips	(Microalbumin/Creatinine) (FDA	510(k):	k142391).