November 2, 2018

Dexcom, Inc.   
Luke Olson   
Senior Specialist, Regulatory Affairs 6340 Sequence Dr.   
San Diego, CA 92121

Re: K182405 Trade/Device Name: Dexcom Pro Q Continuous Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1355 Regulation Name: Integrated continuous glucose monitoring system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QDL Dated: August 30, 2018 Received: September 4, 2018

Dear Luke Olson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K182405

Device Name Dexcom Pro Q Continuous Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Dexcom Pro Q Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (Dexcom Pro Q System) is a factory calibrated continuous glucose recording device indicated for the retrospective discovery, analysis, and interpretation of glycemic variability in persons age 2 years and older under the supervision of a healthcare professional. The Dexcom Pro Q System collects and processes data for aiding in the management of a disease or condition related to glycemic control.

Interpretation of the data recorded by the Dexcom Pro Q System results should be made only by a qualified healthcare professional based on glucose trends and several sequential readings over time. The Dexcom Pro Q System aids in detecting glucose excursions facilitating care plan adjustments. The Dexcom Pro Q System is also intended to interface with digitally connected devices.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: _ K182405

# 5.1 SUBMITTER:

Dexcom, Inc. 6340 Sequence Dr. San Diego, CA 92121

Contact: Luke Olson Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Phone: 858.875.5307   
Fax: 858.332.0204   
Email: lolson@dexcom.com

# 5.2 DEVICE NAMES AND CLASSIFICATION:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexcom Pro Q Continuous Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Integrated Continuous Glucose Monitoring System,Factory Calibrated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1355</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QDL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Review Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# 5.3 PREDICATE DEVICE:

Dexcom G6 Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) System

# 5.4 DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

The Dexcom Pro Q Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (Dexcom Pro Q System) is a continuous glucose monitor that offers an altered feature set versus the predicate Dexcom G6 CGM System.

The Dexcom Pro Q System consists of two main components: sensor/applicator delivery system, and a transmitter. The sensor is a small and flexible wire inserted into subcutaneous tissue where it converts glucose into electrical current. The transmitter is connected to the sensor and is worn on the body. It samples the electrical current produced by the sensor and converts these measurements into glucose readings using an onboard algorithm. The transmitter logs estimated glucose values every 5 minutes during the sensor wear period (up to 10 days).

# 5.5 INDICATIONS FOR USE:

The Dexcom Pro Q Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (Dexcom Pro Q System) is a factory calibrated continuous glucose recording device indicated for the retrospective discovery, analysis, and interpretation of glycemic variability in persons age 2 years and older under the supervision of a healthcare professional. The Dexcom Pro Q System collects and processes data for aiding in the management of a disease or condition related to glycemic control.

Interpretation of the data recorded by the Dexcom Pro Q System results should be made only by a qualified healthcare professional based on glucose trends and several sequential readings over time. The Dexcom Pro Q System aids in detecting glucose excursions facilitating care plan adjustments. The Dexcom Pro Q System is also intended to interface with digitally connected devices.

# 5.6 COMPARISON WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexcom Pro Q System (K182405)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexcom G6 CGM System (DEN170088)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexcom Pro Q Continuous GlucoseMonitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexcom G6 Continuous GlucoseMonitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexcom, Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexcom, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">An integrated continuous glucosemonitoring system (iCGM) is intendedto automatically measure glucose inbodily fluids continuously or frequentlyfor a specified period of time. iCGMsystems are designed to reliably andsecurely transmit glucosemeasurement data to digitallyconnected devices, includingautomated insulin dosing systems, andare intended to be used alone or inconjunction with these digitallyconnected medical devices for thepurpose of managing a disease orcondition related to glycemic control.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">An integrated continuous glucosemonitoring system (iCGM) is intendedto automatically measure glucose inbodily fluids continuously or frequentlyfor a specified period of time. iCGMsystems are designed to reliably andsecurely transmit glucosemeasurement data to digitallyconnected devices, includingautomated insulin dosing systems, andare intended to be used alone or inconjunction with these digitallyconnected medical devices for thepurpose of managing a disease orcondition related to glycemic control.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Dexcom Pro Q ContinuousGlucose Monitoring System (DexcomPro Q System) is a factory calibratedcontinuous glucose recording deviceindicated for the retrospectivediscovery, analysis, and interpretationof glycemic variability in persons age 2years and older under the supervisionof a healthcare professional. TheDexcom Pro Q System collects andprocesses data for aiding in themanagement of a disease or conditionrelated to glycemic control.Interpretation of the data recorded bythe Dexcom Pro Q System resultsshould be made only by a qualifiedhealthcare professional based onglucose trends and several sequentialreadings over time. The Dexcom Pro QSystem aids in detecting glucoseexcursions facilitating care planadjustments. The Dexcom Pro Q</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Dexcom G6 Continuous GlucoseMonitoring System (Dexcom G6 CGMSystem) is a real time, continuousglucose monitoring device indicated forthe management of diabetes in personsage 2 years and older.The Dexcom G6 System is intended toreplace fingerstick blood glucosetesting for diabetes treatmentdecisions. Interpretation of the DexcomG6 System results should be based onthe glucose trends and severalsequential readings over time. TheDexcom G6 System also aids in thedetection of episodes of hyperglycemiaand hypoglycemia, facilitating bothacute and long-term therapyadjustments.The Dexcom G6 System is also intendedto autonomously communicate withdigitally connected devices, including</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System is also intended to interfacewith digitally connected devices.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">automated insulin dosing (AID)systems. The Dexcom G6 System can beused alone or in conjunction with thesedigitally connected medical devices forthe purpose of managing diabetes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Management of a disease or conditionrelated to glycemic control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Management of a disease or conditionrelated to glycemic control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical setting/sitesof use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Home use (sensor insertion andinterpretation of retrospective glucosedata occurs in clinic with a healthcareprofessional</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Home use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometric measurement of currentproportional to glucose concentrationin interstitial fluid via glucose oxidasechemical reaction.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometric measurement of currentproportional to glucose concentrationin interstitial fluid via glucose oxidasechemical reaction</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Presented</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estimated Glucose Value (EGV): TheEGV is the nominal glucose valuepresented to the user and healthcareprofessional after the sensor session.Historical Glucose Data: The glucosedata collected throughout the entirewear-period is presented to the userand healthcare professional after thesensor session.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estimated Glucose Value (EGV): TheEGV is the nominal glucose valuepresented to the user in real-time.Based off the glucose rate of change,users are shown their real-time glucosetrend with a corresponding arrow.Historical Glucose Data: Users can viewtheir previous three, six, twelve, ortwenty-four hours of glucose data.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis with a healthcareprofessional: Healthcare professionalscan view the user's glucose datacollected across the entire sensorsession to aid in the management of adisease or condition related to glycemiccontrol.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connect to Dexcom Share: Users canshare their glucose data to the cloud,which communicates with Clarity, andallows both users and healthcareprofessionals to view glucose data.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatibility withintendedenvironments</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible authorized data extractiondevice.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible with iPhone 5S throughiPhone X, Samsung Note 5, Note 8,Galaxy S6-S9, J3, Google Pixel, LG G5-G6Compatible with Android OS version 7.0and above, and i0S version 10.3.2 andabove.Compatible with authorizedinteroperable devices, includingautomated insulin delivery devices</td></tr></table>

# 5.7 SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE TESTING

The Dexcom Pro Q System was verified and validated according to Dexcom’s internal design control process and in accordance with special controls for integrated continuous glucose monitors. This testing demonstrated that the system performed according to its specifications and that the technological and performance criteria are comparable to the predicate device.

# 5.8 CONCLUSIONS DRAWN FROM PERFORMANCE TESTING

The Dexcom Pro Q System is substantially equivalent to the Dexcom G6 CGM System as they are identical with regard to intended use and there are no differences in technological characteristics that raise different questions of safety and effectiveness. The Dexcom Pro Q System provides healthcare professionals with retrospective glucose data to assist in the development of individualized care plans.