May 15, 2019

True Diagnostics, Inc. $\%$ Jinjie Hu, Principle Consultant Axteria BioMed Consulting Inc. 8040 Cobble Creek Circle Potomac, MD 20854

Re: k182328 Trade/Device Name: VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1155 Regulation Name: Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG) test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LCX Dated: April 5, 2019 Received: April 5, 2019

Dear Jinjie Hu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name VeriClear Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE DETERMINATION DECISION SUMMARY

# SUBMITTER:

True Diagnostics, Inc. 2782 Loker Ave. West Carlsbad, CA 92010

# Contact person:

Jinjie Hu,   
Axteria BioMed Consulting Inc.   
8040 Cobble Creek Circle   
Potomac, MD 20854   
Tel: 1-(301)814-4985   
Email: jinjiehu@axteriabiomed.com

# Date prepared:

May 13, 2019

# Purpose of Submission:

510(k) Number: K182328

A. Purpose for Submission: New Device

B. Measure: Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)

C. Type of Test: Qualitative chromatographic immunoassay

D. Applicant: True Diagnostics, Inc. U.S.A

E. Proprietary and Established Names: VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test

# F. Regulatory Information:

1. Regulation section: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1155 Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) test System

2. Classification: Class II

3. Product Code: LCX: hCG, Over the Counter

4. Panel: Chemistry (75)

# G. Intended Use:

1. Intended use(s): See Indication for use below.

2. Indication(s) for use: VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for qualitative detection of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in urine, as an aid in early detection of pregnancy, in some cases as early as five (5) days before the expected period, i.e., as early as six (6) days before the day of the missed period.

3. Special condition for use statement(s): This device is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use.

4. Special instrument requirements: None

# H. Device Description:

The VeriClearTM hCG Early Result Pregnancy Test utilize the identical immunochemical principles for the detection of hCG in the urine as in K172257. It is a device intended for use by the lay user in the early detection of pregnancy by way of a series of immunochromatographic assay using colloidal gold as a direct label. The subject 510(k) device differs in which it provides a digital display of the test result for the consumer to read in place of the colored lines of the above referenced analog device. The VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test device incorporates electronic and optical components along with a microprocessor and specific algorithms into the plastic housing. VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test is capable of correctly determining and interpreting the test results correctly, and shows the results as ${ } ^ { \mathrm { : 6 } } \mathrm { Y } \mathrm { E } \mathrm { S } ^ { \mathrm { + } } { } ^ { \mathrm { , 9 } }$ (Pregnancy), “NO-” (Non-pregnancy) or “?” (Error) on a display. The VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test is powered by battery and the testing results will be displayed on the screen until the battery is used up.

All components are integrated and unitized into the plastic housing.

# I. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): Church & Dwight Co., FIRST RESPONSE GOLD DIGITAL PREGNANCY TEST

2. Predicate K number(s):

# K123567

3. Comparison with predicate

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed DevicePending</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceK123567</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative detection of hCG for an aid in earlydetection of pregnancy.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target User</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Over-the-counter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral flow qualitative immunochromatographic assaywith digital display for the result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electroniccomponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microprocessor with specific circuitry and algorithms;LCD read out with batteries as power source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Early detectionclaim</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection of pregnancy as early as 5 days before theexpected period or as early as 6 days before the day ofthe missed period.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WHO 4th International Standards for hCG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyticalSensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mIU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleApplication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stream and Dipping Methods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampling Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds in urine stream5 seconds in cup (Dipping)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCG IsoformsDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intact hCGHyperglycosylated hCGhCG β-subunit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intact hCGHyperglycosylatedhCGhCG β-subunithCG β-core fragment</td></tr><tr><td>Test Result</td><td>Digital Read Out, result show as Yes, No or Invalid</td><td>Visual read, result show control line, test line</td></tr></table>

# J. Standard/Guidance Document referenced (if applicable):

None referenced。

# K. Test Principle:

The VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test uses the same test principle as used in the analog counterpart device – VeriClearTM hCG Early Result Pregnancy Test (K172257). The VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test detects the presence of hCG in a urine sample of a pregnant woman by way of a series of immunochemical reactions via component reagents striped onto a chromatographic strip in a plastic housing.

A digital component integrated with the test strip reads and displays the result of the immunochemical reaction on an LCD (Liquid Crystal Display) screen of the device.

The test is performed by placing the absorbent collection tip into the urine stream for 5 seconds, or alternatively, by fully immersing the collection tip in a urine sample collected in a urine cup for 5 seconds. After urine is applied to The VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test, the clock symbol starts blinking in about 30 seconds, which indicates the test has already started. The test result is shown on the LCD screen within 3 minutes. A $^ { \mathsf { s e } } \mathrm { Y } \mathrm { E } \mathsf { S } ^ { + } { } ^ { \mathfrak { s } }$ test result indicates the pregnancy hormone (hCG) was detected (Pregnant) and “NO-” test result indicates that no hCG was detected (Not pregnant).

# L. Performance Characteristics (if/when applicable):

The sensitivity, precision, specificity, interference, method comparison, clinical early detection, clinical specificity and storage stability studies were tested and verified with the proposed devices. Software validation and reader reliable was performed specifically to ensure the performance of VeriClearTM Digital hCG Reader electronic read-out result. The VeriClearTM Digital hCG Reader meets the safety and EMC requirements of IEC/EN61010- 1: 2001, IEC/EN61010-2-101: 2002, EN61326; 2006 and IEC61000-4-2.

A lay user study was conducted to evaluate two application methods (stream and dipping) and the easiness of use by following the instructions. The results demonstrate that the instruction manual of VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test is understandable and clear enough for lay user, and the devices are easy to operate by following the instruction.

# 1. Analytical performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility:

A precision study was performed using human urine samples spiked with hCG, traceable to the $4 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ WHO International Standard to obtain samples with hCG concentrations of $0 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ , $3 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ , $5 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ , $8 . 5 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ , $1 0 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ , 25 $\mathrm { m U } / \mathrm { m l }$ , $5 0 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ , and $1 0 0 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ .

A within-lot precision test was performed using one lot of the VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test. The test was performed in one day by a single operator. A total of 20 replicates for each level of standard ( $\mathrm { 0 . m I U / m l }$ , $3 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ , $5 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ , $8 . 5 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ , $1 0 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ , $2 5 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ , $5 0 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ , and $1 0 0 \mathrm { m U U / m l } )$ ) were obtained.

An inter-lot precision test was performed using three different lots of VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test devices. The tests were performed over a course of five consecutive days by five different operators. On each day, and with each lot, each operator performed 2 replicates per run for each level of standard $\mathrm { 0 . m I U / m l }$ , 3 $\mathrm { m U } / \mathrm { m l }$ , $5 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ , $8 . 5 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ , $1 0 \mathrm { m I U / m l } 2 5 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ , $5 0 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ , and 100 $\mathrm { m U } / \mathrm { m l } )$ using both simulated stream and dipping methods. A total of 150 replicate data points were obtained using all three lots.

Within-Lot Reproducibility of VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HCG Standards(mIU/ml)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total #of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>VeriClearTMDigital Early Result Pregnancy Test DeviceLot 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Simulated Stream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Dipping</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P/Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr></table>

Inter-Lot Reproducibility of VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test Device (Simulated Stream Method)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HCGStandards(mIU/ml)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total# ofTest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test Device(Simulated Stream Method)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Observed ResultsLot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Observed ResultsLot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Observed ResultsLot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P/Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td></tr></table>

510(k) Submission For VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test True Diagnostics, Inc.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td></tr></table>

Inter-Lot Reproducibility of VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test Device (Dipping Method)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HCGStandards(mIU/ml)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total# of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test Device(Dip Method)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Observed ResultsLot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Observed ResultsLot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Observed ResultsLot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P/Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td></tr></table>

Precision Study Result Summary- Operators   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hCG level(mIU/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Over all %Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Submission For VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test True Diagnostics, Inc.

b. Linearity/assay reportable range:

Not applicable. This is a qualitative device.

c. High dose hook effect study:

Negative urine samples were spiked with hCG stock solution to a final concentration up to $4 5 0 , 0 0 0 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ , and then tested in 2 replicate per lot using two lots of devices. The results demonstrated that no hook effect was observed at hCG concentrations up to $4 5 0 , 0 0 0 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ .

d. Traceability:

The tests are calibrated against the WHO $4 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ International Standards for hCG.

e. Stability:

Testing protocol and acceptance criteria used to support the shelf life were reviewed and found to be acceptable. The sponsor claimed a 24-month shelf life of the devices stored in the sealed foil pouches at $3 9 { - } 8 6 ~ \mathrm { ^ { \circ } F }$ $( 4 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ .

f. Detection limits (sensitivity):

An analytical sensitivity study was performed using negative human urine samples spiked with hCG traceable to the WHO $4 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ international standard for hCG to obtain final concentrations of 0, 3.0, 5.0, 7.0, 7.5,8.5, 9.0, 10, 12.5, 15 and $2 5 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ .

A total of 45 replicate (3 operators x 3 days x 5 replicates per run) data points were obtained for each lot at each level of hCG sample being tested, using both dipping and simulated stream methods.

The results are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>hCG StandardsConc. (mIU/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3># of positive result /# of total test</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1Stream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2Dipping</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3Dipping</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.3 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.9 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Submission For VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test True Diagnostics, Inc.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td></tr></table>

The results demonstrate that the analytical sensitivity of the VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test (the lowest concentration yielding $100 \%$ positive results) is $1 0 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ .

# g. Analytical specificity

Structure non-related compounds

To evaluate potential interference from certain exogenous compounds, each interfering substance was prepared at 100X concentration bulk and spiked into negative urine and positive urine samples (containing 10mIU/ml hCG). Each spiked urine sample was mixed and to make sure a homogeneous solution before testing. Each sample was tested using 2 different lots of the testing kits.

Each sample was tested in 5 replicate per lot using two lots of devices. No interference effect was observed at the concentration tested.

The results are demonstrated below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration at which no significantinterference was observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylpropanolamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentisic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Structure-related compounds:

Negative and positive urine contain $1 0 \mathrm { m I U / m l } 1$ hCG were spiked with various concentrations of the following potential cross reactants: hLH, hFSH, and hTSH. The samples were tested by two operators using two lots of the test kits. No cross reactivity was observed at the concentrations tested below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration at which no significantinterference was observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hLH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mIU/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hFSH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mIU/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hTSH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μIU/ml</td></tr></table>

# Effect of urine pH

Effects of urine $\mathsf { p H }$ were performed by adjusting urine pool to a $\mathsf { p H }$ range from 4 to 9 in 1 $\mathsf { p H }$ unit increment. The samples with spiked hCG concentrations or non-spiked hCG of different $\mathsf { p H }$ unit were tested by using VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test Device. The results demonstrate that varying ranges of pH (from 4 to 9) does not interfere with the performance of the test.

# Effect of urine specific gravity:

Effect of specific gravity of urine was determined by using across the specific gravity hCG-free urine samples of normal (1.030) to low (1.003). Each urine sample was spiked with hCG stock solution to a final concentration of $1 0 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ . The VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test devices were tested in duplicate using the two negative and spiked urine samples. The results demonstrated that specific gravity ranges from 1.003 to 1.030 did not affect the expected results or accuracy of the result.

# Effect of hCG β-core fragment:

Both hCG free and hCG standard samples $\mathrm { \Delta } 5 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ , $1 0 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ , $2 5 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ , 20,000 mIU/ml) were spiked with hCG $\beta$ -core fragment at concentrations of $5 1 { , } 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { p m o l / L }$ , $1 0 2 { , } 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { p m o l / L }$ , 204,000 pmol/L and $4 0 8 { , } 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { p m o l / L }$ . All the interference tests have been performed on two lots of VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test devices. All devices yielded correct results with hCG $\beta$ -core fragment concentration up to $4 0 8 { , } 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { p m o l / L }$ .

# h. Assay cutoff

See detection limits section.

The results demonstrate that the analytical sensitivity of the VeriClearTM Digital Early

Result Pregnancy Test (the lowest concentration yielding $100 \%$ positive results) is 10 mIU/ml.

# 2. Comparison studies:

# a. Method comparison with predicate device:

Urine samples were collected from 366 women at physician offices for pregnancy testing and 215 of them were suspected to be pregnant. All samples were randomly collected at various time throughout the day. Ages of these women ranged from 19 to 41 years. Samples were masked and randomized by people who did not participate in the testing. All samples were tested by two different health care professionals. Each person tested with two different lots of device at same time. One lot was used by for simulated stream method; another lot was used for dipping method.

The results are summarized in the table below.

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="4">First Response Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test</td></tr><tr><td>VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy</td><td>Positive</td><td>Positive 215</td><td>Negative 0</td><td>Total 215</td></tr><tr><td>Test (Simulated Stream Method)</td><td rowspan="3">Negative</td><td rowspan="3">0 215</td><td>151</td><td>151</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>151</td><td>366</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="4">First Response Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test</td></tr><tr><td>VeriClear™M Digital</td><td rowspan="3">Positive Negative</td><td>Positive</td><td>Negative</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td>Early Result Pregnancy Test (Dipping Method)</td><td>215 0</td><td>0 151</td><td>215</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>215</td><td>151</td><td>151 366</td></tr></table>

b. Matrix comparison: Not Applicable. The device is intended for urine samples only.

# 3. Clinical Studies:

a. Clinical Sensitivity: Not Applicable.   
b. Clinical Specificity: Not Applicable.   
c. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable):

# 4. Detection of hCG in Early Pregnancy Clinical Samples

A total of 616 urine samples were collected from 56 different women of 25 to 43 years old, who planned to become pregnant. These women were followed throughout their conception cycles with urine collected from day -9 to day $+ 1$ of their expected period. The VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test device detected hCG positive in $69 \%$ of samples from five days before the expected menstrual period and $100 \%$ of samples from one day before the expected menstrual period.

The Early Pregnancy detection results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day in cyclerelative toEMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>hCG Positive Ratio (%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Overall PregnancyDetection Rate (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SimulatedStream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dipping</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+1 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# 5. Lay User Study

The purpose of this study is to demonstrate that the intended users is able to safely and correctly perform the VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test using their own urine and with the provided hCG control according to the Instruction for Use. A total of 109 female subjects with diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ages (between 18 to 63 years old) participated in the study. Lay users were only provided with the package insert prior to performing the study.

The comparison results between lay user and professional user are listed below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PregnancyResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay user vs. Professional user</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simulated Stream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dipping</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregnant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-pregnant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100/100 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100/100 (100% )</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109/109 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109 /109(100%)</td></tr></table>

Besides testing their own urine samples, lay users also tested 4 blind hCG urine samples at hCG concentrations of $3 . 0 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ , $7 . 5 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ , $8 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ and $1 0 \mathrm { m U / m l }$ . A total of 109 samples were tested by using the VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test at hCG each level. Among the 109 devices tested at each hCG level, 50 of them were tested in simulated stream method, while 59 were tested in dipping method. The test results

collected by lay user using VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test device were also interpreted by the professional.

The results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>hCGmIU/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Lay user vs. Professional user</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Simulate Stream Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Dipping Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Percentage ofAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Percentage ofAgreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Layuser</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professionaluser</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lay user</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professionaluser</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

All the lay users participated in the study were given a questionnaire to rate how well they understand the instruction in the package insert. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed to determine if the package insert content is appropriate for a reading Grade level of 5.5. The result of the questionnaire reflects that the consumers found the test easy to use and they did not have trouble understanding the labeling or interpreting results.

# 6. Specificity Study to Determine False-Positive Result Rate

A study was performed to determine the incidence of false positive test results from VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test among non-pregnant women 15–41 years of age (pre-menopausal), 42–55 years of age (peri-menopausal) and ${ > } 5 5$ year of age (post- menopausal). A total of 320 subjects provided urine samples including 100 premenopausal patients, 111 peri-menopausal patients, and 109 post-menopausal patients. All 320 urine samples were tested with three lots of VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test devices and quantitatively analyzed for hCG level of each subject with Microwell Quantitative hCG test. Positive test results on VeriClearTM Digital Early Result Pregnancy Test device or hCG levels $> 5 . 0 0 \mathrm { m I U / m l }$ measured by Microwell Quantitative hCG test were referred to clinical confirmation of pregnancy. The results are summarized in table below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Age Group</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Urinespecimens(n)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VeriClearT DigitalEarly ResultPregnancy Test</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Microwell ElisaQuantitative hCG Test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Ratio (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx. MeanConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConcentrationRange</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pre-menopausal(1541 years)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/100 (0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.04 mIU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00-2.50mIU/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peri-menopausal(4255 years)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/100 (0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16 mIU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.45-2.00mIU/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Post-menopausal(&gt;55 years)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/100 (0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.11 mIU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.572.26mIU/ml</td></tr></table>

# 7. Clinical Cut-off

Not applicable

8. Expected value/ Reference Range: Not applicable