January 29, 2019

Qualigen, Inc.   
Wajdi Abdul-Ahad   
Vice President, Assay Development 2042 Corte Del Nogal   
Carlsbad, CA 92011

Re: K182521 Trade/Device Name: FastPack IP Sex Hormone Binding Globulin Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1680 Regulation Name: Testosterone test system Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: CDZ Dated: December 20, 2018 Received: December 26, 2018

Dear Wajdi Abdul-Ahad:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,y

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.IRU Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ IP Sex Hormone Binding Globulin Immunoassay

Indications for Use (Describe)

FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ IP SHBG is a chemiluminescent immunoassay intended for the quantitative determination of Sex Hormone Binding Globulin in human serum and plasma on the FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ System. The FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ IP SHBG assay is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of androgen disorders.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This 510(k) Summary information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

510(k) Number: K182521

# Submitter:

Qualigen, Inc. 2042 Corte Del Nogal, Suite B Carlsbad, CA 92011

Telephone: (760) 918-9165   
Facsimile: (760) 918-9127

# Contact Person:

Wajdi Abdul-Ahad PhD Vice President, Assay Development Telephone: (760) 918-9165 x234 Facsimile: (760) 918-9127 Email: wabdul-ahad@qualigeninc.com

# Device Identification

Common Names: Sex Hormone Binding Globulin Assay

Classification names: Immunological Test Systems

Classifications: Class I, reserved (assay)

Panel: Chemistry (75)

Product Codes: CDZ – SHBG Assay

Regulation Numbers: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1680 – Testosterone test system – Class I, reserved

# Devices to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Access Sex Hormone Binding Globulin assay Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
250 S. Kraemer Blvd.   
Brea, CA 92821   
K083867

# Device Description

The FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IP Sex Hormone Binding Globulin Immunoassay employs a sandwich immunoassay principle. Endogenous SHBG in a patient sample, calibrator, or control is dispensed into a FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent pack. In the reagent pack, the sample binds with a monoclonal anti-SHBG antibody covalently linked to alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and a different monoclonal anti-SHBG antibody linked to biotin which will bind to streptavidin coated paramagnetic particles (PMP). After incubation, washing steps (using a Tris buffer containing detergents) occur to separate bound from unbound anti-SHBG monoclonal antibody-ALP, a chemiluminogenic substrate mixture is added to the system. This mixture contains indoxyl-3-phosphate, a substrate for ALP, and lucigenin (N,N’- dimethyl- $^ { 9 , 9 }$ -biacridinium dinitrate). ALP dephosphorylates indoxyl-3-phosphate to indol-3-ol, which subsequently undergoes oxidation. As a result, lucigenin is reduced to form a dioxetane structure that is cleaved to yield N-methylacridone. This compound produces a sustained luminescent glow following excitation. The raw relative luminescence units (RLUs) generated are measured by a photomultiplier tube in the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Analyzer and are directly proportional to the concentration of SHBG in the sample. The entire reaction sequence takes place at $3 7 \pm 0 . 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and is protected from external light.

# Intended Use

FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IP SHBG is a chemiluminescent immunoassay intended for the quantitative determination of Sex Hormone Binding Globulin in human serum and plasma on the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ System. The FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IP SHBG assay is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of androgen disorders.

# Comparison of new device to predicate device

Similarities between FastPack® and Beckman Coulter Access 2 Assays   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Simllarities belween FastPack® and Beckman Coulter Access 2 Assays</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTIC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualigen FastPack® IPSex Hormone Binding GlobulinImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beckman CoulterSex Hormone BindingGlobulinK083867</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FastPack® IP SHBG is achemiluminescent immunoassayintended for the quantitativedetermination of Sex HormoneBinding Globulin in human serumand plasma on the FastPack®System. The FastPack® IP SHBGassay is intended for use as an aidin the diagnosis of androgendisorders.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Access SHBG assay is aparamagnetic particle,chemiluminescentimmunoassay for thequantitative determination ofSex Hormone Binding Globulinlevels in human serum andplasma using the AccessImmunoassay Systems. TheAccess Sex Hormone BindingGlobulin assay is indicated foruse in the assessment ofandrogen disorders.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paramagnetic particle,chemiluminescent, two-sitesandwich immunoassayemploying specific monoclonalantibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay procedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Components</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse   monoclonal  antibodyagainst SHBG in the capture phaseand a mouse monoclonal anti-SHBG antibody conjugated toalkaline phosphatase in the signalphase.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum or lithium-heparin plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard processing for serum orplasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation ofResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard Curve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent StorageTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 °</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Environment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision (% CV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-run: ≤ 10%Between-run: ≤ 8%Between-day: ≤ 8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 5.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay linear from LOQ (0.80nmol/L) to 174 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay linear from 0.33 - 200nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InterferingSubstances/Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference withacetaminophen (10 mg/dL),acetylsalicylic acid (80 mg/dL),alpha-fetoprotein (500 μg/L),conjugated bilirubin (40 mg/dL),unconjugated bilirubin (30mg/dL), d-biotin (0.2 mg/dL),cortisol (10 mg/dL), 11-deoxycortisol (0.5 mg/dL), 5-∞-dihydrotestosterone (2 mg/dL),hemoglobin (1.0 g/dL), heparin(10,000 U/dL), human serumalbumin (8 g/dL), ibuprofen (600mg/dL), estradiol (4 mg/dL),GAS6 (250 μg/L), laminin (6000μg/L), Protein S (30 mg/L),testosterone (2.5 mg/dL),thyroglobulin (300 μg/L),thyroxine-binding globulin (20mg/dL), transferrin (0.5 g/dL),and triglycerides/Intralipid (1000mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interferences at similarconcentrations of the samesubstances</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparative TestingVSEstablished Methods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FastPack® vs. AccessN = 158Range of observations:5.7 to 176.0 nmol/LPassing-Bablok regression:Slope (95% CI): 0.993 (0.967-1.019)y (95% CI): -0.614 (-2.21 to0.982)R= 0.985R{2= 0.971</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beckman Access vs. ImmuliteN = 158Range of observations:5.7 - 184.5 nmol/LDeming regression:Slope (95% CI): 1.09 (1.061.12)y (95% CI): 1.84 (0.54  3.00)$R{2}= 0.94</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExpectedValues/ReferenceIntervals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Males (13-50 years): 9.4-61.8Males (≥ 50 years): 13.0-86.4Females (12-46 years): 9.2-134.4Females (&gt; 46 years): 12.2-121.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Males (20-50 years): 13.3-89.5nmol/LFemales (20-49 years): 18.2-135.5 nmol/LPost-menopausal females (≥50years): 16.8-125.2 nmol/L</td></tr></table>

Differences between FastPack® and Beckman Access Sex Hormone Binding Globulin   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualigen FastPack® IPSex Hormone Binding GlobulinImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman CoulterSex Hormone BindingGlobulinK083867</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximate assay time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~28 minutes (first result)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to the WHO 082/266reference which serves as thePrimary Reference Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to the WHO 95/560reference</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

# Precision

Precision was evaluated following the CLSI EP5-A3 guidance. Seven serum patient samples with concentrations of $\sim 5$ to $\sim 1 5 0 \ \mathrm { n m o l / L }$ SHBG were tested in duplicate determinations in each of two runs per day on each of three FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent lots, one FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ analyzer per reagent lot (total of three Analyzers), one FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Calibrator per reagent lot (total of three Calibrator lots) over a period of 20 non-consecutive days to yield 240 replicate determinations of each sample. Within-run, between-run, between-day, and total imprecision were calculated using a fully nested 2-way random factor analysis of variance (ANOVA) model. The following three tables present the results by combination of reagent lot, analyzer, and calibrator lot:

Reagent lot 1, analyzer 1, calibrator lot 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.82</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.21</td></tr></table>

Reagent lot 2, analyzer 2, calibrator lot 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.66</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.04</td></tr></table>

Reagent lot 3, analyzer 3, calibrator lot 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.93</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr></table>

# Limits of blank, detection, and quantitation

The limit of blank (LOB, the highest measurement likely to be observed for a blank sample), limit of detection (LOD, the lowest amount of analyte in a sample that can be detected with type I and II error rates set to $5 \%$ ), and limit of quantitation (LOQ, the lowest amount of analyte in a sample that can be reliably detected) were determined according to CLSI EP17-A2 for the FastPack® IP Sex Hormone Binding Globulin Immunoassay. In this study, the limit of blank was determined from 180 replicate determinations of a blank sample tested on six different FastPack® analyzers using three reagent lots. Raw RLUs from the assays were converted to apparent nmol/L based on the calibration curve for each assay. The LOB was determined as the $1 7 1 . 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ rank of the sorted distribution of values. This value was $0 . 0 8 \mathrm { n m o l / L }$ SHBG.

The LOD was estimated from 180 replicate determinations of four low level samples. Per the CLSI EP17-A2 guideline, the parametric LOD calculation was utilized and the LOD was 0.20 nmol/L SHBG.

The LOQ was determined as the lowest sample which provided $\leq 2 0 \%$ CV the value was $0 . 8 0 \mathrm { n m o l / L }$ SHBG.

# Linearity

Linearity was determined following CLSI EP6-A: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: a Statistical Approach: Approved Guideline. A high patient sample was intermixed with a low sample to generate 11 concentration levels each tested in quadruplicate determinations. Linear results were compared to $2 ^ { \mathrm { n d } }$ and $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ order polynomial fits against a pre-specified allowable error. The linearity range was found to extend from the LOQ (0.80 nmol/L) to $1 7 4 \mathrm { n m o l / L }$ .

# Interferences

The effect of endogenous interferences on quantification of SHBG was investigated by preparation of two serum samples with differing SHBG concentrations (a low and high) with known concentrations of conjugated bilirubin, unconjugated bilirubin, hemoglobin, lipids, and d-biotin. The value obtained for the sample with each interfering substance was compared to the value obtained for the sample without the interfering substance and the percentage recovery in nmol/L SHBG determined. These compounds did not show interference at the levels indicated in the following table. Higher levels may cause interference.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest level demonstrating no interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

The effect of potentially cross-reacting substances on quantification of SHBG was investigated. Again, two serum samples with differing SHBG concentrations (a low and high) with known concentrations of spiked cross-reactants were prepared. The value obtained for the sample with each potentially cross-reacting substance was compared to the value obtained for the sample without the substance and the percentage recovery in nmol/L SHBG determined. These compounds did not show cross-reactivity at the levels indicated in the following table. Higher levels may cause cross-reaction.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest level demonstrating no cross-reaction</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transferrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000 U/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Molecular Weight Heparin (LMWH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 U/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous in samples + 8.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thyroxine Binding Globulin (TBG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thyroglobulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 μg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5. mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laminin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,000 μg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 μg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estradiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-deoxycortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5α-dihydrotestosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 μg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Rheumatoid factor at up to $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { \ : I U / m L }$ and human anti-mouse $\mathrm { I g G }$ at up to $4 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ do not cross-react in the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IP Sex Hormone Binding Globulin Immunoassay.

Additionally, six known heterophile samples did not generate detectable interference in the assay.

# Serum and plasma equivalence

Blood collections were obtained from 54 volunteers and processed in parallel to serum and lithium-heparin plasma. Measurements in the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IP Sex Hormone Binding Globulin Immunoassay were compared via Passing-Bablok regression and indicated equivalence between the matrices.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N compared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range of observations, nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum: 5.7 - 174.5Lithium-Heparin Plasma: 7.1  175.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absolute bias, nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.117</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.928</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Passing Bablok regression results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.960 (0.920-1.00)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.859 (-0.89 to 4.61)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.979</td></tr></table>

# Expected Values/Reference Intervals

Serum samples from $_ { \mathrm { N } = 6 1 3 }$ male $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { n } - 3 0 4 )$ and female $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { n } = 3 0 9 )$ ) apparently healthy individuals with no known pre-existing endocrine disorders were acquired and assayed in singlet determinations. Analysis of the data relied upon determination of the nonparametric $2 . 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } } { - } 9 7 . 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ (central $9 5 \%$ ) percentiles of the distributions within four reference partitions. The FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IP Sex Hormone Binding Globulin reference intervals are defined below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Partition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median (nmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Interval (nmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Males 13 - 50 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4-61.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Males &gt; 50 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0 - 86.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Females 12 - 46 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2 - 134.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Females &gt; 46 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2 - 121.2</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison

Human serum samples were tested with the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IP Sex Hormone Binding Globulin Immunoassay and the obtained results were compared to the predicate method. A total of

158 samples ranging from $5 . 7 - 1 7 6 . 0 \mathrm { n m o l / L }$ were tested in both assays. The FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IP Sex Hormone Binding Globulin Immunoassay correlated well with the predicate method with correlation coefficient (R) of 0.985, slope $= 0 . 9 9 3$ , and y-intercept $= - 0 . 6 1 4 \mathrm { n m o l / L }$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993 (0.967-1.019)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.614 (-2.21 to 0.982)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{2 (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.971</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.985</td></tr></table>

# SUMMARY

The information provided in this pre-market notification indicates that the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IP Sex Hormone Binding Globulin Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the stated predicate device. The information further indicates that the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IP Sex Hormone Binding Globulin Immunoassay is safe and effective for its stated intended use.