May 7, 2019

Roche Diagnostics Angela Clements Regulatory Affairs Principal 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: K183432 Trade/Device Name: cobas u 601 urinalysis test system Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1340 Regulation Name: Urinary glucose (nonquantitative) test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIL, JIO, CDM, CEN, JIN, JIR, JJB, JMT, LJX, KQO Dated: March 22, 2019 Received: March 25, 2019

Dear Angela Clements:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name cobas u 601 urinalysis test system

Indications for Use (Describe) The cobas u 601 urinalysis test system is comprised of the cobas $\mathrm { ~ u ~ } 6 0 1$ urine analyzer and the cobas u pack.

The cobas u 601 urine analyzer when used with the cobas u pack is a fully automated urinalysis system intended for the in vitro qualitative or semi- quantitative determination of urine analytes, including pH, leukocytes, nitrite, protein, glucose, ketones, urobilinogen, bilirubin, color and erythrocytes, as well as clarity. These measurements are useful in the evaluation of renal, urinary, hepatic and metabolic disorders. This system is intended to be used by trained operators in clinical laboratories.

The cobas u pack is a cassette loaded with cobas u 601 test strips for the in vitro qualitative or semi-quantitative determination of $\mathsf { p H }$ , leukocytes, nitrite, protein, glucose, ketones, urobilinogen, bilirubin, color and erythrocytes in urine with the cobas $\mathrm { ~ u ~ } 6 0 1$ urine analyzer. These measurements are useful in the evaluation of renal, urinary, hepatic and metabolic disorders.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# cobas u 601 Urinalysis Test System 510(k) Summary k183432

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87, Roche Diagnostics hereby submits official notification as required by Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification 510(k).

The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification is to obtain FDA review and clearance for the cobas u 601 Urinalysis Test System.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9115 Hague RoadP.O. Box 50416Indianapolis, IN 46250-0457</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Angie ClementsPhone: (317) 521-7338FAX: (317) 521-2324Email: angie.clements@roche.comMichael LeutherPhone: (317) 521-3930FAX: (317) 521-2324Email: Michael.leuther@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>December 10, 2018</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas u 601 Urinalysis Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated urinalysis systemReagent strip for urinalysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes,Regulation Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See Table 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas u 411 (k093555)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the cobas u 601 Urinalysis Test System the establishment registrationnumber for Roche Diagnostics GmbH in Mannheim, Germany is 9610126. Theestablishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics in the United States is1823260.</td></tr></table>

Table 1: Product Codes and Regulation Numbers   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device/Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated urinalysissystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KQO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.2900</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose, urinary, non-quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JIL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1340</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood, occult,colorimetric, in urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JIO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 864.6550</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81 Hematology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urobilinogen, urinary,non-quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1785</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH, urinary, non-quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CEN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1550</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketones, non-quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JIN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1435</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protein or albumin,urinary, non-quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JIR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1645</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrite, non-quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JMT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1510</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leukocyte, peroxidasetest</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LJX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 864.7675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81 Hematology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin and itsconjugates, urinary,non-quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1115</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">No regulation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clarity</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">No regulation</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The cobas $\mathrm { ~ u ~ } 6 0 1$ Urinalysis Test System consists of the following components:

• cobas u 601 urine analyzer • cobas u pack

# 1.1. cobas u 601 urine analyzer

The cobas $\textbf { u } 6 0 1$ urine analyzer is a fully automated urine analysis system. It is optimized for high throughput workloads in the professional environment. The cobas u 601 urine analyzer performs a maximum theoretical throughput of up to 240 samples per hour.

The cobas $\textbf { u } 6 0 1$ analyzer consists of several major components:

• Rack transport system   
• Liquid handling system   
• Test strip cassette compartment   
• Automated test strip processing area   
• Photometer which is a 4 wavelength reflectance measuring unit based on a Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor chip used in digital cameras (CMOS sensor)   
• Physical Measurement Cell (PMC): flow cell connected to an optical detector   
• Touch Screen   
• Inbuilt Computer

The functions of the cobas u 601 urine analyzer include:

Sample loading and transport Sample identification   
• Robotic pipetting of samples onto test pads on test strips   
• Robotic aspiration of samples into the PMC   
• Controlled incubation Photometric measurement of test strips Optical determination in the PMC Automatic disposal of used test strips Result readout Result memory   
• Optional formats for data output including electronic result communication

The operating system will be a Microsoft Windows for embedded devices. The system will use a Postgres/SQL database.

The cobas u 601 urine analyzer is designed to be inter-connected mechanically and electronically with another urine sediment analyzer (cobas u 701) in order to create a urine work area (cobas $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 6500).

# 1.2. cobas u pack

The cobas u pack is a cassette containing 400 tests strips. The cobas u 601 analyzer will use the cobas u pack to dispense single test strips for each sample.

Each test strip has ten individual test pads that are used to test for different substances or characteristics. The test strips are analyzed automatically through the analyzer. One test strip is used per sample. When a strip is dispensed for use by the cobas u 601, an aliquot of the urine sample is pipetted onto each of the test pads. The resulting color changes are measured photometrically.

The test strip in the cobas u pack cassette (“cassette test strip”) is a multi-parameter urine analysis test strip, with test pads for blood (Erythrocytes), Leukocytes, Nitrite, Proteins, Glucose, Ketones, Bilirubin, Urobilinogen, Color and pH.

The cobas u pack is technically identical to the marketed Urisys 2400 Cassette with 400 test strips (cleared under K012397) with the following modifications:

• Added RFID-tag (ISO15693; 13.56 MHz) own labeling and own Id. No. different brand

The RFID-tag is used for storing test strip related information to improve the safety and the convenience of the system. The following data is stored on the RFID-Tag:

generic product data strip cassette data test strip related data cassette number • lot number • expiry date • load date • check sum

The on-board time is checked by the instrument and an alarm is triggered if the on-board time of a strip cassette (identified through its RFID-tag) exceeds its specified on-board stability.

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The cobas u 601 urinalysis test system is comprised of the cobas $\mathrm { ~ u ~ } 6 0 1$ urine analyzer and the cobas u pack. The cobas u 601 urine analyzer when used with the cobas u pack is a fully automated urinalysis system intended for the in vitro qualitative or semiquantitative determination of urine analytes, including pH, leukocytes, nitrite, protein, glucose, ketones, urobilinogen, bilirubin, color and erythrocytes, as well as clarity. These measurements are useful in the evaluation of renal, urinary, hepatic and metabolic disorders. This system is intended to be used by trained operators in clinical laboratories.

The cobas u pack is a cassette loaded with cobas u 601 test strips for the in vitro qualitative or semi-quantitative determination of pH, leukocytes, nitrite, protein, glucose, ketones, urobilinogen, bilirubin, color and erythrocytes in urine with the cobas $\mathbf { u } \left. 0 1 \right.$ urine analyzer. These measurements are useful in the evaluation of renal, urinary, hepatic and metabolic disorders.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The following tables compare the cobas u 601 Urinalysis Test System with its predicate device, cobas u 411 (k093555).

Table 2: Similarities and Differences between the cobas u 601 Urinalysis Test System and the cobas u411 System   

<table><tr><td>Feature</td><td>cobas u 411 (Predicate Device)</td><td>cobas u 601 Urinalysis Test System (proposed device)</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The cobas u 411 urine analyzer is a semi- automated, benchtop analyzer which is designed to read the Chemstrip 10 UA (Combur10 Test M) test strips for urinalysis for the measurement of bilirubin, blood, glucose, ketone, leukocytes, nitrite, pH, protein, specific gravity, urobilinogen and color (if selected).</td><td>The cobas u 601 urine analyzer when used with the cobas u pack is a fully automated urinalysis system intended for the in vitro qualitative or semi-quantitative determination of urine analytes, including pH, leukocytes, nitrite, protein, glucose, ketones, urobilinogen, bilirubin, color and erythrocytes, as well as clarity.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>These measurements are useful in the evaluation of renal, urinary and metabolic disorders. Tests performed using the cobas u 411 are intended for prescription, in vitro diagnostic use only.</td><td>These measurements are useful in the evaluation of renal, urinary and metabolic disorders. This system is intended to be used by trained operators in professional laboratories.</td></tr><tr><td>Submission</td><td>K093555</td><td>N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cobas u 411 (Predicate Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cobas u 601 Urinalysis TestSystem (proposed device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Semi-Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fully Automated</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reflectance photometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reflectance photometry for• pH,•  Leukocytes,Nitrite,•  Protein,Glucose,Ketones,Urobilinogen,Bilirubin, and•  Erythrocytes (blood).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Reagent Strip Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemstrip 10 UA test strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cobas u pack loaded with cobasu 601 test strips</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Width: 5.0 mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Width: 4.2 mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Length: 121 mm (with handle area)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Length: 104.9 mm (no handlearea)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of pads: 11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of pads: 10 (withoutspecific gravity)Same distance between pads</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sequence of pads:1. specific gravity,2. pH,3. leukocytes,4. nitrite,5. protein,6. glucose,7. ketone,8. urobilinogen,9. bilirubin,10. blood,11. colorpH pad: no underlying paper</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sequence of pads:1. Blood,. leukocytes,3. nitrite,4. ketone,5. glucose,6. protein,7. urobilinogen,8. bilirubin,9. color,10. pH(no specific gravity)pH pad: underlying paper(different height)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">leukocytes: 1x underlying paper</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leukocytes: no underlying paper(different height)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nitrite: 1x underlying paper</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nitrite: no underlying paper(different height)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">protein: 2 x protein layer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">protein: 1 x protein layer(different color density)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same format</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same format</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urobilinogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same format</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same format</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same format</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same format</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip Delivery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement of single strips, insert manually intothe instrument out of a vial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated test strip deliveryfrom cassette</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: color change with the indicators methyl red,phenolphthalein and bromothymol blue.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leukocytes: esterases cleave an indoxyl ester,and the indoxyl reacts with a diazonium salt toproduce a purple color.Nitrite: based on the principle of the Griess test.Nitrite, if present, reacts with an aromatic amine togive a diazonium salt, which yields a red-violet azodye.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protein: based on the "protein error of pHindicators" involvingtetrachlorophenoltetrabromosulfophthalein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose: based on the specific glucoseoxidase/peroxidase reaction (GOD/PODmethod).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketone: based on the principle of Legal'stest involving use of sodium nitroprusside.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urobilinogen: Urobilinogen is coupledwith 4-methoxybenzene-diazonium-tetrafluoroborate in an acid medium toform a red azo dye.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin: based on the, coupling ofbilirubin with a diazonium salt.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood: The peroxidase-like action of hgb andmyoglobin catalyzes the oxidation of the indicatorby the organic peroxide.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light sources</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LEDs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LEDs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wavelengths</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light Emitting Diodes (LEDs)Wavelength:Orange: 620 nmGreen: 555 nmBlue: 470 nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light Emitting Diodes (LEDs)Wavelength:Red: 615 nmGreen: 560 nmTrue Green: 525 nmBlue: 465 nm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remission Sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 wide range photo sensors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Camera with CMOS(Complementary Metal OxideSemiconductor) sensor</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remove the test strip from the vial and close thevial. Dip all test pads of the test strip completely inthe sample and wipe off excessive urine on theedge of the sample tube.Position the test strip on the test strip tray foranalysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation of sample racksand tubes Loading the rack(s) onto theanalyzerStart (automatic) analysis ofsamples</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manually dip of the strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Robotic pipetting of samples ontotest pads on test strips</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration strips with specific reflectance valuesfor calibration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intrinsic color compensation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Area not impregnated with reagents, allowsinstrumental compensation for the intrinsic color ofthe urine while testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Output values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The operator can view theconcentration ranges for each test parameter.Units:conventional,SI,Arbitrary,SI &amp; ArbitraryConventional &amp; Arbitrary</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSame</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ERY neg / 10 / 25 / 50 / 150 / 250 p/µl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LEU neg / 25 / 100 / 500 p/µl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIT neg / pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PRO neg / 15 / 30 / 100 / 500 mg/dl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GLU norm / 50 / 100 / 250 / 1000 mg/dl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KET neg / 5 / 15 / 50 / 150 mg/dl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BIL neg / 1 / 3 / 6 mg/dl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH5/6/6.5/7/8/9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UBG norm / 1 / 4 / 8 / 12 mg/dl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip Detector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two strip detectors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic strip transportationsystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip packaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vials of 100 strips</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In cassette of 400 strips</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 20° - 30°C.Close vial immediately after use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 20°C - 30°C.After loading the cassette intothe analyzer, the test strips arestable within the tightly closedcassette compartment for 14days.After this period, the cassettehas to be replaced by a new one.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Conditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temperature:operational: 15 -32 storage: -25 - 60 Humidity:operational: 30 - 80%storage: 10 -95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temperature:operational: 15 -32 storage: 5 - 40 Humidity:operational: 30 - 80%storage: 10 -85%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB stick</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB stick</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample identification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample identification with optional externalbarcode scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal barcode reader for rackID and sample ID recognition</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Printer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated thermal paper</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optional external printer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlled incubation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlled incubation period after placing the wetstrip on the test strip tray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlled incubation period aftersample pipetting onto test padson test strips</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Memory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory for 1000 entries (pending samples andresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result memory is available</td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

# 4.1. Linearity/Reportable Results

The reportable results are determined by the analytical sensitivity and method comparison studies (Sections 4.2 and 5.1.3).

The results of those studies support the following reportable results:

Table 3: Reportable Results for each Parameter   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit of Measure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg/Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norm to 1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg to 150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BIL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg to 6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UBG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norm to 12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dLalbumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg to 500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ERY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ERY/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg to 250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEU/ μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg to 500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 to 9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pale yellow, yellow, amber, brown,orange, red, green, others</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>g/cm³3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000 to 1.050</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clarity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clear, light turbid, turbid</td></tr></table>

# 4.2. Analytical Sensitivity

The sensitivity study was performed to determine the concentration at which the analyte on the cobas u pack changed from negative to the lowest positive color range. Samples were prepared by spiking the negative urine pool with the appropriate agent to yield the desired concentrations of analyte. Multiple samples were tested for each analyte. Each sample was measured 20 times on each of the 3 instruments using 3 reagent test strip lots. Sensitivity is defined as the lowest concentration where $2 9 0 \%$ of the overall results are positive.

The results summary and labeling claims are listed below.

Table 4: Summary and Labeling Claims for Analytical Sensitivity   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Sensitivity Claim for cobas u pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Point at which sensitivity meetscriteria of ≥90% detection</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LEU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-30 Leu/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 Leu/μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 - 0.07 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.045 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PRO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 - 13 mg/dL albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 mg/dL albumin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GLU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 - 45 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 - 7 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BIL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4 - 0.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UBG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 - 1.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ERY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-15 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 Ery/μL</td></tr></table>

# 4.3. Drug and Endogenous Interferences

Interference studies were performed to assess the interfering effect of various therapeutic drugs and endogenous substances. Each analyte was tested in the normal/negative range and in the first positive range. A urine pool was prepared using fresh normal/negative urine and urine samples spiked with analytes in the first positive range. Each urine pool was tested at 2 concentrations of the pharmaceutical compounds/endogenous substances. The pharmaceutical compound solutions were prepared at a multiple of the maximum daily dosage and at the therapeutic concentration (maximal daily dosage). The endogenous substances were tested at a high pathological concentration and an intermediate concentration. Multiple replicates of the urine pool and the spiked interferent samples were measured. Testing was performed with two cobas u 601 urine analyzers. In the case of interference, further interferent concentrations were tested to evaluate the maximum interferent concentration which shows no influence on the measurement results.

Summaries and labeling claims are listed in the tables below.

Table 5: Analyte Concentrations of Samples Tested   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Concentration Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative/Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1st Positive Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ERY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ery/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leu/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UBG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BIL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

# Table 6: Potentially Interfering Therapeutic Drug Substances and Initial Test Concentrations

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Therapeutic drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent c1:a multiple of the maximal dailydosage[mg/L]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent c2:Maximal daily dosage undermedication[mg/L]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2667</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gabapentin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamycin Sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lisinopril</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metformin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1700</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methenamine + Methylene blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 + 66.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 + 13.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Acetyl-Cysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenazopyridine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicyluric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Table 7: Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances and Initial Test Concentrations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent c1:High pathological dosage[mg/L]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent c2:Intermediate dosage[mg/L]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Hydroxybutyrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ammonium chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>830 = 25000 ERY/μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330 = 10000 ERY/μl</td></tr></table>

51(k) Premarket Notification Print Date: May 6, 2019

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent c1:High pathological dosage[mg/L]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent c2:Intermediate dosage[mg/L]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>human IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>550</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urobilinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>pH: 4.5; 5.5; 6.5; 7.5; 8.5; 9.0</td></tr></table>

# Table 8: Summary and Labeling Claims

The following substances showed no interference at tested concentrations :

Cefoxitin ß-3-Hydroxybutyrat   
Gentamycin Sulfate Human IgG   
Lisinopril Uric acid   
Metformin   
Ofloxacin   
Salicyluric acid   
Tetracycline

The following table, which is included in the cobas u Pack method sheet, lists the therapeutic drugs which produced significant interference. Elevated positive result means that reference result $= 1 +$ and spiking of interferent leads to results of $^ { 2 + }$ or $3 +$ .

Table 9: Interfering Therapeutic Drugs Listed in cobas u pack Method Sheet   

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Therapeutic drug</td><td>No Interference up to</td><td>Effect above stated concentration</td></tr><tr><td>ERY</td><td>Ascorbic Acid</td><td>750 mg/L</td><td>At 1125 mg/L decreased from 10 Ery/μL / 1+ to negative (False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1800 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 2000 mg/L decreased from 10 Ery/μL /1+ to negative(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 1250 mg/L decreased from 10 Ery/µL /1+ to negative(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levodopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">625 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 937.5 mg/L increased from negative /neg to pos 1 and from positive / pos 1to pos 2(False positive and elevated positive result)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methyldopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 2000 mg/L increased from negative / negto pos 1 and frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2 andat 1200 mg/L increased frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2(False positive and elevated positive result)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methenamine andMethylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/L Methenamine1.3 mg/L Methylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 16 mg/L Methenamine and 2.7 mg/LMethylene blue increased fromnegative / neg to pos 1 and frompositive/pos 1 to pos 2(False positive and Elevated positiveresults)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">LEU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10667 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 12000 mg/L decreased from25 Leu/µL / 1+ to negative(False negative result)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 500 mg/L decreased from25 Leu/μL / 1+ to negative(False negative result)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methenamine andMethylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/L Methenamine6.7 mg/L Methylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 80 mg/L Methenamine and 13.3 mg/LMethylene blue increased fromnegative / neg to pos 1(False positive results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">NIT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 2000 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methenamine andMethylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 mg/L Methenamine4.7 mg/L Methylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 40 mg/L Methenamine and 6.7 mg/LMethylene blue increased fromnegative / neg to pos(False positive results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenazopyridine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 300 mg/L increased fromnegative / neg to pos 1(False positive results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">PRO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gabapentin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2400 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 3600 mg/L increased frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2(Elevated positive results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2250 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 2500 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methenamine andMethylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 mg/L Methenamine0.33 mg/L Methylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 80 mg/L Methenamine and 13.3. mg/LMethylene blue increased from neg to pos 3and from positive / pos 1 to pos 3 andat 8 mg/L Methenamine and 1.3 mg/LMethylene blue increased frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2(False positive and elevated positiveresults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenazopyridine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 300 mg/L increased from negative / negto pos 1 and from positive / pos 1 to pos 2and at 240 mg/L increased frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2(False positive and elevated positiveresults)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">GLU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 400 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to norm(False normal results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methenamine andMethylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120mg/L Methenamine20 mg/L Methylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 160 mg/L Methenamine and 26.6 mg/LMethylene blue decreased frompositive / pos 1 to norm(False normal results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">KET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylcysteine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 50 mg/L increased fromNegative / neg to pos 1 and from positive /pos 1 to pos 2(False positive and elevated positiveresults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levodopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 1250 mg/L increased frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2(Elevated positive results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methyldopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1200 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 2000 mg/L increased from negative / negto pos 1 and from positive / pos 1 to pos 2and at 1600 mg/L increasedfrom positive / pos 1 to pos 2(False positive and elevated positiveresults)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methenamine andMethylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160 mg/L Methenamine26.6 mg/L Methylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 208 mg/L Methenamine and 35 mg/LMethylene blue decreased frompositive / pos 1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">UBG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 420 mg/L increased frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2(Elevated positive results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gabapentin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10800 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 12000 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to norm(False normal results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methenamine andMethylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 mg/L Methenamine4 mg/L Methylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 48 mg/L Methenamine and 8 mg/LMethylene blue increased frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2(Elevated positive results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenazopyridine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 300 mg/L increased from normal / normto pos 1 and from positive / pos 1 to pos 2and at 210 mg/L increased from positive /pos 1 to pos 2(False positive and elevated positiveresults)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BIL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 4000 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 1000 mg/L increased frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2(Elevated positive results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methenamine andMethylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 mg/L Methenamine23.3 mg/L Methylene blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 160 mg/L Methenamine and 26.6 mg/LMethylene blue decreased frompositive / pos 1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenazopyridine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At 240 mg/L increased frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2(Elevated positive results)</td></tr></table>

The following table, which is included in the cobas u Pack Method Sheet, lists the endogenous substances which produced significant interference. Elevated positive result means that reference result $= 1 +$ and spiking of interferent leads to results of $^ { 2 + }$ or $3 +$ .

# Table 10: Interfering Endogenous Substances Listed in the cobas u pack Method Sheet

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Interference up to</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Effect above stated concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ERY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2430 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 3000 mg/L increased frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2(Elevated positive result)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 80 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urobilinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 3000 mg/L increased from negative / negto pos 2 and from positive / pos 1 to pos 2and at 1200 mg/L increased fromnegative / neg to pos 1(False positive and elevated positiveresults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>LEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2430 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 3000 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to neg(False negative result)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.000 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 20.000 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 830 mg/L increased from negative / negto pos 1(False positive results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; pH 5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At pH 4.5 decreased frompositive / pos 1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 800 mg/L increased from negative / negto pos 1(False positive results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urobilinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 3000 mg/L decreased from positive / pos1 to neg and at 150 mg/L increased fromnegative / neg to pos 1(False positive results and false negativeresults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At SG 1.040 decreased from positive / pos1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NIT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 800 mg/L decreased from positive / pos1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urobilinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 105 mg/L increased fromnegative / neg to pos 1(False positive results)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Page 21   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Interference up to</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Effect above stated concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>PRO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ammonium chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1725 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 5000 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2430 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 3000 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2850 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 15000 mg/L increased from negative /neg to pos 1 and from positive / pos 1 topos 2 and at 4200 mg/L increased frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2(False positive and elevated positive result)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 130 mg/L increased frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2(False positive and false elevated resultsdue to unspecific protein detection mayoccur)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52000 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 200000 mg/L increased from negative /neg to pos 2 and from positive / pos 1 topos 2 and at 89000 mg/L increased frompositive / pos 1 to pos 2(False positive and elevated positive result)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urobilinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 3000 mg/L increased from negative / negto pos 3 and from positive / pos 1 to pos 3and at 240 mg/L increased from positive /pos 1 to pos 2(False positive and elevated positive result)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 600 mg/L increased form negative / negto pos 1(False positive results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>GLU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ammonium chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10300 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 15200 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to norm(False normal results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89000 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 126000 mg/L increased frompositive / pos 1 to norm(False normal results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 800 mg/L decreased from positive / pos1 to norm(False normal results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urobilinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 1500 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to norm(False normal results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 800 mg/L decreased from positive / pos1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr></table>

51(k) Premarket Notification Print Date: May 6, 2019

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Interference up to</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Effect above stated concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urobilinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 3000 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>UBG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 14 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to norm(False normal results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 600 mg/L decreased from positive /pos 1 to norm(False normal results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BIL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 14 mg/L decreased frompositive / pos 1 to neg(False negative results)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urobilinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 120 mg/L increased from negative / negto pos 2 and from positive / pos 1 to pos 2and at 70 mg/L increased from positive /pos 1 to pos 2(False positive and elevated positiveresults)</td></tr></table>

# 4.4. Color Interference

The purpose of this study was to verify the color compensation functionality of the cobas u 601 urine analyzer.

Two analyte solutions per parameter were prepared, a negative/normal solution and a solution in a color block that uses color compensation.

Each of the test solutions prepared above were spiked with the following concentrations of interferent to produce a red, orange or brown color:

Table 11: Interferent Concentration   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">c1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">c2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ERY (red color)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 Ery/μL(~67% REM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15050 Ery/μL(~58% REM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3550 Ery/μL(~65% REM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BIL (orange color)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 mg/dL(~67% REM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 mg/dL(~58% REM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL(~65% REM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UGB (brown color)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 mg/dL(~67% REM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL(~58% REM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 mg/dL(~65% REM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color compensation active</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr></table>

The following concentrations of interferent were tested for LEU (red, orange and brown), NIT (brown) and UBG (brown):

Table 12: Interferent Concentration   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>c1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>c2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin (red color)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 Ery/μL(~67% REM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 mg/L25,000 Ery/ μL(~58% REM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 mg/L10,000 Ery/μL(~65% REM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SunsetYellow (orangecolor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 mg/dL(~67% REM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312.5 mg/L(~58% REM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mg/L(~66% REM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lignin (brown color)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 mg/L(~67% REM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/L(~58% REM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 mg/L(~66% REM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color compensation active</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

For the red colored urine two further concentrations were measured. One at pathological concentration level $( \mathrm { c } 3 = 5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { E R Y / \mu L } \triangleq 1 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / L }$ hemoglobin, including $66 \%$ safety margin) and one at physiological concentration level $( { \bf c } 4 = 3 0 ~ \mathrm { E R Y / \mu L }$ ≙ $0 . 9 \mathrm { m g / L }$ hemoglobin). The final test solutions were tested in a 10-fold determination for each parameter.

Table 13: Summary of Color Interference Testing   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameterconcentration</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Orange coloring</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Red Coloring</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Brown Coloring</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubinconcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Resulta</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ErythrocyteConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Resulta</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UrobilinogenConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Resulta</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Nitrite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15050 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3550 Ery/ μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15050 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3550 Ery/ μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Ketone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15050 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3550 Ery/ μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15050 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3550 Ery/ μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15050 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3550 Ery/ μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15050 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3550 Ery/ μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15050 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3550 Ery/ μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15050 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3550 Ery/ μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Urobilinogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15050 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3550 Ery/ μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15050 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3550 Ery/ μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Erythrocytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameterconcentration</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Orange coloring</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Red Coloring</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Brown Coloring</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubinconcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Resulta</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ErythrocyteConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Resulta</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UrobilinogenConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Resulta</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 Ery/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr></table>

a Results: For each negative parameter concentration: the results expressed as $\%$ negative results For each positive parameter concentration: the results expressed as $\%$ exact agreement

Table 14: Summary of Color Interference Testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameterconcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Orange coloring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Red Coloring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Brown Coloring</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SunsetYellowConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resulta</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemoglobinConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resulta</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LigninConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resulta</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Nitrite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>_--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Leukocytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312.5 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 Leu/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 Leu/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312.5 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 Leu/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

a Results: For each negative parameter concentration: the results expressed as $\%$ negative results

For each positive parameter concentration: the results expressed as $\%$ exact agreement

# 4.5. Stability

Shelf-life (real-time) and on-board stability of the cobas u pack were determined on cobas u 601.

Real-time stability of the cobas u pack on the cobas u 601 urine analyzer was determined using two analyzers and three lots of cobas u pack. Stability testing was performed at time 0 (after manufacturing), and 3, 13 and 16 months after storage.

For each testing point a fresh cassette was placed on the calibrated urine analyzer and a defined set of samples was measured. Those sample materials include native urine, artificial urine, urine spiked with low analyte concentration and urine with high analyte concentration (for the qualitative parameters NIT only three, and for pH only two different urine sample materials were tested). All samples were measured with $\mathrm { { n } = 1 0 }$ determinations.

The cobas u pack is stable at room temperature for 15 months.

On-board stability of the cobas u pack on the cobas u 601 urine analyzer was determined using one lot of cobas u pack on one analyzer. The cobas u pack, which contains 400 reagent test strips in a single cassette, was stored on the cobas u 601 urine analyzer over a period of 15 days at $3 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and $80 \%$ relative humidity. Parameters were tested at 11 different time points with a total of 400 tests over the period of 15 days from a single cassette. Native and artificial urine samples at abnormal concentration were used for the on board stability study.

The cobas u pack is stable up to 14 days during operation on the system.

# 4.6. Expected Values

The expected values are listed in the table below:

Table 15: Expected Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythrocytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-5 Ery/μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukocytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 10 Leu/μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urobilinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8-7.4</td></tr></table>

# 5. CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA

# 5.1. Precision

Precision was comprised of experiments for repeatability and Intermediate precision.

# 5.1.1. Repeatability

Controls were measured for the within-run precision study of the test strip parameters. Controls with negative / normal and positive analyte concentrations were measured in 2 runs, 21 determinations each, thereby producing ${ \mathfrak { n } } = 4 2$ results per control.

Table 16: Repeatability   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exact Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ERY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 Ery/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 Ery/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PRO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GLU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>KET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>UBG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BIL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>COL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yellow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# 5.1.2. Intermediate Precision

Controls were measured for the intermediate study of the test strip parameters. Controls with negative / normal and positive analyte concentrations were measured in 21 days with 2 runs per day and duplicate measurements per control, thereby producing $\mathrm { n } = 8 4$ results per control.

Table 17: Intermediate Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exact Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ERY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 Ery/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 Ery/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PRO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GLU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>KET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>UBG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BIL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>COL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yellow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# 5.1.3. Method Comparison versus Reference System

Method comparison studies were conducted to evaluate the performance of the cobas u 601 urinalysis test system. The cobas u 411 is the predicate for pH, leukocytes, nitrite, protein, glucose, ketones, urobilinogen, bilirubin, and erythrocytes. The Urisys 2400 is the predicate for specific gravity, color and clarity. Testing was performed externally using fresh samples in order to cover the claimed ranges.

Table 18: Summary of comparison to cobas u 411   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Summary Method comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Test Strip Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>exact agreement (100% fit)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>exactagreement(fit ± 1 block)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Overallagreement (%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specificity(%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sensitivity(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rangespassed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreementrates (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ERY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ery/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leu/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 -99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 -99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLUC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87 -98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BIL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UBG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87-99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH (pH 5+6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87-90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH (pH 8+9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86 -97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70-97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Table 19: Summary of comparison to Urisys 2400 for Color   

<table><tr><td>COL</td><td></td><td colspan="6">2400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="7">C09 n seq00</td><td></td><td>Pale</td><td>Yellow</td><td>Urisys Ambe r</td><td>Brow n</td><td>Orang e</td><td>Red</td></tr><tr><td>Pale yellow</td><td>yellow 126</td><td>7</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Yellow</td><td>23</td><td>85</td><td>2</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Amber</td><td>1</td><td>29</td><td>58</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Brown</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>24</td><td>50</td><td>0</td><td>88 0 74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OrangeRed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">3538</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">∑</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">155           121          89        57         22        34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">478</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreement Rate(%):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Table 20: Summary of Comparison to Urysis 2400 for Clarity   

<table><tr><td>Clarity</td><td></td><td colspan="3">URISYS 2400</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">C09 n seq00</td><td></td><td colspan="3">clear light turbid</td><td>∑</td></tr><tr><td>clear</td><td>921</td><td>23</td><td>turbid 0</td><td>944</td></tr><tr><td>light turbid</td><td>114</td><td>173</td><td>18</td><td>305</td></tr><tr><td>turbid</td><td>2</td><td>21</td><td>92</td><td>115</td></tr><tr><td>∑</td><td>1037</td><td>217</td><td>110</td><td>1364</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exact agreement (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement ±1 color block</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# 5.2. Sample Carryover

Sample carryover studies were performed to assess the amount of sample carried over by the cobas u 601 from one specimen reaction into the subsequent specimen reactions. This consisted of testing low concentration/negative samples and high concentration samples. The negative pool was tested to determine a baseline value (reference). Then, the samples were tested by alternate pipetting of the low concentration/negative sample and high concentration samples. Carryover effects were assessed by comparing the baseline (reference) results to the results of the low concentration/negative samples when tested after the high concentration samples.

The results obtained for BIL, GLU, KET, LEU, ERY, NIT, PRO, UBG, pH, COL and SG met the pre-defined acceptance criteria. Deviations were observed for Clarity but there will be no risk for patient safety because of the low medical relevance of this parameter.

# 6. CONCLUSION

The information provided in this premarket notification 510(k) will support a determination of substantial equivalence for the cobas u 601 Urinalysis Test System as compared to the predicate devices.