February 16, 2019

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. Gabriella Erdosy   
Regulatory Affairs Manager 180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, MA 01730

Re: K183546 Trade/Device Name: GEM Premier ChemSTAT Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CGA, KHP, GKF, CHL Dated: December 19, 2018 Received: December 20, 2018

Dear Gabriella Erdosy:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your devic i clasfied se above) intoeither class II (Special Controls) r class II (MA), it my be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http:/www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

for Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k183546

Device Name GEM Premier ChemSTAT

Indications for Use (Describe)

The GEM Premier ChemSTAT is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly anayzheiwol epeadeivy t a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of Glucose (Glu), Lactate (Lac), Hematocrit (Hct), pH and partial pressure of carbon dioxide (pCO2) from arterial and venous heparinized whole blood.These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient's acibase status and metabolite balance.

Glucose (Glu) measurement is used in the diagnosis, monitoring and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbances including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathichypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

to monitor tissue hypoxia and strenuous physical exertion, and in the diagnosis of hyperlactatemia.

Hematocrit (Hct) measurements in whole blood of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells).

'pH andpmeasuremets  whole blood are use the diagosis an treatment lehreatenig acbae disturbances.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburen tocollectionomationtate veraghours  ons,cd time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# K183546: GEM Premier ChemSTAT

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan="3">Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co.</td></tr><tr><td>180 Hartwell Road</td></tr><tr><td>Bedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="5">Contact Person</td><td>Gabriella Erdosy</td></tr><tr><td>Phone: 781-861-4571</td></tr><tr><td>Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td>Email: gerdosy@ilww.com</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>February 11, 2019</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>GEM Premier 4000</td><td>K133407</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Chemistry(75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactic acid test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated hematocritinstrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology(81)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH and pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Gases (pCO2) andBlood pH system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry(75)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Description</td></tr><tr><td>The GEM Premier ChemSTAT is a portable system that analyzes arterial and venous lithium heparinized whblood at the pointhealth care delivery in a cinial settng and in a central laboratory or Glu Lac, Hct, pH, and pCO2. All tests are included in a single self-contained, disposable GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAK (cartridge). Key Components Description</td></tr><tr><td>The GEM Premier ChemSTAT analyzer has the internal logic and processing power necessary to perform analysis. It employs a Analyzer unique touch-sensitive color screen and a simple set of menus and buttons for user interaction. The analyzer guides operators through the sampling process with simple, clear messages and prompts.</td></tr><tr><td>The disposable, multi-use GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAK is a completely closed cartridge that houses all components necessary to operate the instrument once the GEM PAK is validated. These components include the sensors, Process Control (PC) Solutions, sampler, and waste bag. The values of all PC Solutions are read from the GEM PAK Electronically Erasable Programmable Read Only Memory (EEPROM) chip. The components and processes used to manufacture the PC Solutions in the GEM PAK are traceable to PAK (Cartridge) National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) standards, Clinical &amp; Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) procedures or other internal standards, where available and appropriate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Description (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td>Intelligent Quality Management (iQM)</td><td>Intelligent Quality Management (iQM) is used as the quality control and assessment system for the GEM Premier ChemSTAT system. iQM is an active quality process control program designed to provide continuous monitoring of the analytical process before and after sample measurement with real-time, automatic error detection, automatic correction and automatic documentation of all corrective actions. iQM performs 4 types of continuous, quality checks to monitor</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use / Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td>The GEM Premier ChemSTAT is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze lithium heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of Glucose (Glu), Lactate (Lac), Hematocrit (Hct), pH, and partial pressure of carbon dioxide (pCO) from arterial and venous heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient&#x27;s acid/base status and metabolite balance.</td></tr><tr><td>Glucose (Glu) measurement is used in the diagnosis, monitoring and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbances including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.</td></tr><tr><td>Lactate (Lac) measurement is used to evaluate the acid-base status of patients suspected of having lactic acidosis, to monitor tissue hypoxia and strenuous physical exertion, and in the diagnosis of hyperlactatemia.</td></tr><tr><td>Hematocrit (Hct) measurements in whole blood of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample • are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells).</td></tr></table>

# Special Conditions for Use Statement

For prescription use only. • For clinical laboratory and point-of-care use

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Substantial Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:GEM Premier 4000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) No.</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">K183546</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K133407</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">A portable critical care system for use byhealth care professionals to rapidlyanalyze lithium heparinizedwholeblood samples at the point of healthcare delivery in a clinical setting and in acentral laboratory. The instrumentprovides quantitative measurements ofGlucose (Glu), Lactate (Lac), Hematocrit(Hct), pH and partial pressure of carbondioxide (pCO2) from arterial and venousheparinized whole blood.    Theseparameters,  along withderivedparameters, aid in the diagnosis of apatient's  acid/base  status andmetabolite balance.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended User</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Central Laboratory and Point-of-Care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Measurement Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conductivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">150 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 to 150 μL(dependent on sample mode)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lithium heparinized whole blood(arterial and venous)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same(arterial, venous and capillary)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Substantial Equivalency (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:GEM Premier 4000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Reportable Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 to 685 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3 to 17.0 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 to 72%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.00 to 8.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 to 125 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">PAK Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15-25°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-point calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

# Internal Precision Study - Whole Blood

In accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, an internal precision study was performed using five (5) different concentrations of whole blood per analyte, each run on three (3) GEM Premier ChemSTAT analyzers for five (5) days, with one (1) run per day and eight (8) replicates measured per run per level $( N { = } 1 2 0 )$ .

All results were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within RunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>356</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Lactate(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Hct(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

Internal Precision Study - Whole Blood (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within RunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Reproducibility Study with Aqueous Controls - Point-of-Care (POC) Setting

Ict (2 levels of GEM ChemSTAT CVP and 4 levels of GEM ChemSTAT critPVP) and six (6) levels for pH and $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ (2 levels of GEM ChemSTAT CVP and 4 levels of GEM $\scriptstyle 1 = 9 0$ pooled across 3 sites).

All results at all sites were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=14>Pooled Multi-Site POC Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ControlLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>392</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>642</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5%</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility Study with Aqueous Controls - Point-of-Care (POC) Setting (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=14>Pooled Multi-Site POC Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Lactate(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Hematocrit(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>critPVP Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>critPVP Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>critPVP Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>critPVP Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility Study with Aqueous Controls - Point-of-Care (POC) Setting (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=14>Pooled Multi-Site POC Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ControlLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision - Whole Blood

Apreision study was perormed with whole blood patient samples at three () external cinical poic ) .he stdis were n y  )ifeent oatr n three )ifent ChemSTAT instruments, using a single lot of GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAKs (cartridges). Less than $10 \%$ of samples included in the study were contrived.

Fo daanalyss nd actanc cit plicatin,measre dat or analy we partiin zones and identified as Fixed Acceptance Range (Constant SD) or Variable Acceptance Range (Constant $\% C \backslash I \}$ . All results at all sites were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fixed or VariableAcceptance Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within SampleSD of %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Fixed(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Variable(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Lactate(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Fixed(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Variable(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr></table>

# External Precision - Whole Blood (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fixed or VariableAcceptance Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within SampleSD of %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Hematocrit(%)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Fixed(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Fixed(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Fixed(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Variable(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# LoB, LoD and LoQ

In an with CLI EP17-A2, Limit  Blank (LoB), Limit  Detecion (LoD)and Limit Quantiin (LoQ) were established for Glu, Lac, Hct, pH, and $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 } ,$ using three (3) lots of GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAKs (cartridges).

Following are the combined data results for LoB, LoD and LoQ:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

Inan i    a  ar i whole blood to challenge the claimed reportable range for Glu, Lac, Hct, pH, and $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ Each blood level was analyzed in triplicate on six (6) GEM Premier ChemSTAT test analyzers (except pH and $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 } ,$ which were tested on 3 analyzers) and results compared to the reference analyzer.

Combined data from limit of quantitation (LoQ) and linearity were used to support the lower limits f the claimed reportable ranges.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N perLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.502</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 to 749</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 685</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 to 17.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 to 17.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.909</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 to 74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 to 72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.042</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.76 to 8.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.00 to 8.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.843</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 125</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity

In accordance with EP07 $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Edition, an interference study was conducted on the GEM Premier ChemSTAT for Glu, Lac, Hct, $\mathsf { p H }$ ,and $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ .

The table below and on the next two pages lists the substances that were screened with no observed interference on Glu, Lac, Hct, pH, and/or $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested analytes where interference was not observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1030 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetoacetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin (Human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atracurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftriaxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1510 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dobutamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.121 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.06 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epinephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylene glycol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Etomidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fructose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.1 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gadodiamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glycolic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

Analytical Specificity (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested analytes where interference was not observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin (Hemolysis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000 U/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-hydroxybutyrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, pH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1060 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Icodextrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoniazid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>438 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Leukocytes / Platelets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.81 / 452 (x10³/μl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct 30%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.60 / 564 (x10³/μl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct 60%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maltose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Midazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.376 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.3 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Acetyl-L-cysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>920μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2970 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Piperacillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pralidoxime iodide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propofol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Suxamethonium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tazobactam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.05 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiocyanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>898 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

Analytical Specificity (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested analytes where interference was not observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiopental</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1660 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides(Intralipid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL(1% Intralipid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.8 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Lactate, Hct, pH, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xylose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td></tr></table>

The table below lists substances that demonstrated interference with Glu, Lac, Hct, pH and/or $p C O _ { 2 }$ and the

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AffectedAnalytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyteConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BiasObserved(Mean)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowestInterferingConcentrationwith AnalyteImpact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias Observedat the LowestConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.33 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+13 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.77 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+10 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>No Interference Observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Glycolic acid</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+1.5mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.4 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+1.6mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.4 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hydroxyurea</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.08 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+207 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+10 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+34 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+10 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hydroxyurea</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.08 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+3.8mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.4 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+3.5mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.4 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mannose</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+12 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+10 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>No Interference Observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thiopental</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.40</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1660 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>789 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1175 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.02</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Reference Ranges

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Reference Range</td><td>Unit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Glu*</td><td>65 to 95</td><td>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>3.6 to 5.3</td><td>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Lac*</td><td>0.36 to 0.75 (arterial at rest)</td><td>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td>2.24 to 6.76 (arterial at rest)</td><td>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>0.56 to 1.39 (venous at rest)</td><td>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td>5.0 to 12.5 (venous at rest)</td><td>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Hct*</td><td>39-51 (male) and 35-47 (female)</td><td>%</td></tr><tr><td>pH* CH*</td><td>7.35 to 7.45</td><td>pH</td></tr><tr><td>CH*</td><td>44.7 to 35.5 44.7 to 35.5</td><td>nmol/L nEq/L</td></tr><tr><td>pH* cH*</td><td>7.32 to 7.43 (venous)</td><td>pH</td></tr><tr><td>CH*</td><td>47.9 to 37.2 (venous)</td><td>nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>47.9 to 37.2 (venous)</td><td>nEq/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">pCO**</td><td>35 to 48 (male) and 32 to 45 (female)</td><td>mmHg</td></tr><tr><td>4.6 to 6.4 (male) and 4.3 to 6.0 (female)</td><td>kPa</td></tr><tr><td>6 to 7 mmHg (0.80 to 0.93 kPa) higher than arterial pCO2 (venous blood, right atrium)</td><td></td></tr></table>

Burtis, Carl and David Bruns, Tietz Textbook of Clinical Chemistry and Molecular Diagnostics, Elsevier Saunders, $7 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Edition, 2015, pages 952-982.

\*\* Wu, A., Tietz Clinical Guide to Laboratory Tests, W.B. Saunders Co., St. Louis MO, $4 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Edition, 2006, pages 216.

# Clinical Testing

In accordance with EP09c, a method comparison study was conducted on the GEM Premier ChemSTAT compared to the predicate device, the GEM Premier 4000 (K133407), using lithium heparinized whole blood patient samples from the intended use population. Less than $10 \%$ of samples included in the study were contrived.

Study Design:

Three (3) external point-of-care (POC) sites For pH and $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ only, internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) at IL, where multiple intended POC users were brought on site to run spiked samples to cover the reportable ranges.

The pooled results from the C sites and the L internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (SL) are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Pooled Point-of-Care Sites and CSL Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.558</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 to 684</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 to 16.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>431</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.626</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 to 71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>552</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.03 to 7.87</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>559</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 to 120</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>The technological and functional characteristics of the new GEM Premier ChemSTAT as described above are substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device (GEM Premier 4000) for Glucose, Lactate, Hematocrit, pH and pCO2. The analytical and clinical study results demonstrate that the GEM Premier ChemSTAT is safe and effective for its intended purpose and</td></tr></table>