February 16, 2019

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. Gabriella Erdosy   
Regulatory Affairs Manager 180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, MA 01730

Re: K183549 Trade/Device Name: GEM Premier ChemSTAT Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1665 Regulation Name: Sodium test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JGS, CEM, JFP, CGZ, JJE Dated: December 19, 2018 Received: December 20, 2018

Dear Gabriella Erdosy:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements or annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is cassified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) r class II (MA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devics or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http:/www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely, Kellie B. Kelm -S for Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k183549

Device Name GEM Premier ChemSTAT

Indications for Use (Describe)

The GEM Premier ChemSTAT is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly anayzheiwhol hepeadeivy a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of Sodium $\mathrm { ( N a + ) }$ , Potassium $( \mathrm { K } ^ { + } )$ Ionized Calcium $\mathrm { ( C a + + ) }$ and Chloride (Cl-) from arterial and venous heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient's electrolyte balance.

yve

Sodium $\left( \mathrm { N a } + \right)$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison' disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.   
Potassium $( \mathrm { K } ^ { + } )$ measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

Ionized calcium $\mathrm { ( C a + + ) }$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.

o cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburen tocollectionomationtate veraghours  ons,cd time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# K183549: GEM Premier ChemSTAT with Na\*, ${ \mathsf { K } } ^ { + }$ . $\pmb { \complement } \ b { \mathsf { a } } ^ { + + }$ and Cl

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information Bedford, MA 01730, USA</td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co. 180 Hartwell Road</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="5">Contact Person</td><td>Gabriella Erdosy</td></tr><tr><td>Phone: 781-861-4571</td></tr><tr><td>Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Email: gerdosy@ilww.com</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>February 15, 2019</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>GEM Premier 4000</td><td>K133407</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.2160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer, chemistry(photometric, discrete), forclinical use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I(Exempt)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJE</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Chemistry(75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lonized Calcium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGZ</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Device Description</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">The GEM Premier ChemSTAT is a portable system that analyzes arterial and venous lithium heparinizedwte piealelivltan c boyorCa and Cl. All tests are included in a single self-contained, disposable GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAK(cartridge).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Key Components</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The GEM Premier ChemSTAT analyzer has the internal logic andprocessing power necessary to perform analysis. It employs aunique touch-sensitive color screen and a simple set of menus andbuttons for user interaction. The analyzer guides operators throughthe sampling process with simple, clear messages and prompts.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PAK (Cartridge)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The disposable, multi-use GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAK is acompletely closed cartridge that houses all components necessaryto operate the instrument once the GEM PAK is validated. Thesecomponents include the sensors, Process Control (PC) Solutions,sampler, and waste bag.The values of all PC Solutions are read from the GEM PAKElectronically Erasable Programmable Read Only Memory(EEPROM) chip. The components and processes used tomanufacture the PC Solutions in the GEM PAK are traceable toNational Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) standards,Clinical &amp; Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) procedures or otherinternal standards, where available and appropriate.The GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAK has flexible menus to assistfacilities in maximizing efficiency.As part of this program, GEM ChemSTAT CVP (Calibration ValuationProducts) are external solutions intended to complete thecalibration process and final accuracy assessment of the iQMcartridge calibration following warm-up.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Description (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td>Intelligent Quality Management (iQM)</td><td>Intelligent Quality Management (iQM) is used as the quality control and assessment system for the GEM Premier ChemSTAT system. iQM is an active quality process control program designed to provide continuous monitoring of the analytical process before and after sample measurement with real-time, automatic error detection, automatic correction and automatic documentation of all corrective actions. iQM performs 4 types of continuous, quality checks to monitor</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use / Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td>The GEM Premier ChemSTAT is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze lithium heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of Sodium (Na), Potassium (K+), lonized Calcium (Ca**) and Chloride (Cl) from arterial and venous heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of</td></tr><tr><td>a patient&#x27;s electrolyte balance. Electrolytes in the human body have multiple roles. Nearly all metabolic processes depend on or</td></tr><tr><td>vary with electrolytes: Sodium (Na*) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes</td></tr><tr><td>insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison&#x27;s disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium (K+) measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and</td></tr><tr><td>treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels. lonized calcium (Ca*) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.</td></tr></table>

# Special Conditions for Use Statement

− For prescription use only. • For clinical laboratory and point-of-care use

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Substantial Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:GEM Premier 4000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) No.</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Pending</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K133407</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">A portable critical care system for use byhealth care professionals to rapidlyanalyzelithiumheparinizedwholeblood samples at the point of healthcare delivery in a clinical setting and in acentral laboratory. The instrumentprovides quantitative measurements ofSodium (Na*), Potassium (K+), lonizedCalcium (Ca+) and Chloride (Cl) fromarterial and venous heparinized wholeblood. These parameters, along withderived parameters, aid in the diagnosisof a patient's electrolyte balance.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended User</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Central Laboratory and Point-of-Care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Measurement Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">150 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 to 150 μL(dependent on sample mode)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lithium heparinized whole blood(arterial and venous)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same(arterial, venous and capillary)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Reportable Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 to 180 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3 to 19.0 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2 to 19.0 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cat+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10 to 4.25 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 to 158 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Substantial Equivalency (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:GEM Premier 4000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PAK Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15-25°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-point calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Sample Introduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspiration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Operating Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12-32°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software Operating System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linux-based</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument User Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Menu Driven Touch Screen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

# Internal Precision Study - Whole Blood

$( N { = } 1 2 0 )$ .

All results were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within RunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer-to-AnalyzerSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer-to-Analyzer%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Na+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr></table>

Internal Precision Study - Whole Blood (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within RunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer-to-AnalyzerSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer-to-Analyzer%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Ca++(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Cl(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Reproducibility Study with Aqueous Controls - Point-of-Care (POC) Setting

running each control level in triplicate, twice a day for 5 days, for a total of 30 replicates per level $N = 9 0$ pooled across 3 sites).

All results at all sites were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=14>Pooled Multi-Site POC Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ControlLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Na+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVP Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVP Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility Study with Aqueous Controls - Point-of-Care (POC) Setting (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td colspan="14" rowspan="1">Pooled Multi-Site POC Data</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ControlLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Site</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">K+(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Ca++(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Cl(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">152</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision - Whole Blood

Apreision study was perormed with whole blood patient samples at three () external cinical poi) .he studs were un   )difernt operator n three )ifernt  r ChemSTAT instruments, using a single lot of GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAKs (cartridges). Less than $10 \%$ of samples included in the study were contrived.

Fo daanalyss nd actanc cit plicatin,measre dat or analy we partiin zones and identified as Fixed Acceptance Range (Constant SD) or Variable Acceptance Range (Constant $\% C \backslash I \}$ . All results at all sites were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fixed or VariableAcceptance Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within SampleSD of %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Na+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Fixed(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Fixed(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Fixed(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Variable(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision - Whole Blood (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fixed or VariableAcceptance Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within SampleSD of %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Ca++(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Fixed(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Variable(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Cl(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Fixed(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Variable(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# LoB, LoD and LoQ

In rdan with CLI EP17-A2, Limit  Blank (LoB), Limit  Detecion (LoD)and Limit Quantiin (LoQ) were established for ${ \mathsf { N a } } ^ { + }$ . ${ \sf K } _ { \mathrm { ~ . ~ } } ^ { + }$ . ${ \mathsf { C a } } ^ { + + }$ and ${ \mathsf { C l } } ^ { - }$ , using three (3) lots of GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAKs (cartridges).

Following are the combined data results for LoB, LoD and LoQ:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na* (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K* (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

Inan wit    v penaly we epar y ikilu who to challenge the claimed reportable range for ${ \mathsf { N } } { \mathsf { a } } ^ { + }$ , ${ \sf K } ^ { + }$ , ${ \mathsf { C a } } ^ { + + }$ and Cl. Each blood level was analyzed in triplicate on six (6) GEM Premier ChemSTAT test analyzers and results compared to the reference analyzer.

Combined data from limit of quantitation (LoQ) and linearity were used to support the lower limits of the claimed reportable ranges.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N perLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92 to 200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 to 180</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.057</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 to 19.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 to 19.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cat+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.986</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04 to 4.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10 to 4.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.909</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34 to 177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 to 158</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity

In accordance with EP07 $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Edition, an interference study was conducted on the GEM Premier ChemSTAT for ${ \mathsf { N a } } ^ { + }$ , $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ , ${ \mathsf { C a } } ^ { + + }$ and Cl.

The table below andon thenext page lts the substans that wer rened with o oserveintence on ${ \mathsf { N a } } ^ { + }$ , ${ \sf K } ^ { + }$ , ${ \mathsf { C a } } ^ { + + }$ and/or Cl:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested analytes where interference was not observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atracurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium (Chloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftriaxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1510 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epinephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Etomidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.1 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gadodiamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin (Hemolysis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000 U/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1060 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, lonized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leflunomide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Midazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.376 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.3 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Acetyl-L-cysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>920μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perchlorate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, lonized Calcium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2970 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

Analytical Specificity (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested analytes where interference was not observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Piperacillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, lonized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propofol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.207 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Suxamethonium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, lonized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tazobactam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.05 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, lonized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Teriflunomide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, lonized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiocyanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>898 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, lonized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiopental</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1660 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, lonized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides (Intralipid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL(1% Intralipid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Chloride, Ionized Calcium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.8 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, lonized Calcium, Chloride</td></tr></table>

The table below lists substances that demonstrated interference with ${ \mathsf { N } } { \mathsf { a } } ^ { + }$ , ${ \sf K } _ { \mathrm { ~ . ~ } } ^ { + }$ . ${ \mathsf { C a } } ^ { + + }$ and/or Cl and the

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AffectedAnalytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyteConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BiasObserved(Mean)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowestInterferingConcentrationwith AnalyteImpact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias Observedat the LowestConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hemoglobin(Hemolysis)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+16 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+15 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Perchlorate</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+6 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Triglyceride(Intralipid)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL(1 % Intralipid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+11 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>689 mg/dL(0.34 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>No Interference Observed</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

Reference Ranges   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Na*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136 to 145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136 to 145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 to 5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 to 5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Ca*+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15 to 1.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.30 to 2.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.60 to 5.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16 to 1.32 (venous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.32 to 2.64 (venous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.64 to 5.28 (venous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98 to 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98 to 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td></tr></table>

Source: Burtis, Carl and David Bruns, Tietz Textbook of Clinical Chemistry and Molecular Diagnostics, Elsevier Saunders, $7 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Edition, 2015, pages 952-982.

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Clinical Testing

In acordance with c, a method comparison study was conducted at three (3) point--care () sites on the GEM Premier ChemSTAT compared to the predicate device, the GEM Premier 4000 (K133407), using lithium heparinized whole blood patient samples from the intended use population. Less than $10 \%$ of samples included in the study were contrived.

The pooled results from the POC sites are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Pooled Point-of-Care Sites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na* (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>436</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.987</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 to 170</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>442</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 to 18.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca+ (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>444</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26 to 4.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cl (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 to 154</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Conclusion equivalent in performance to the predicate device (K133407).</td><td>The technological and functional characteristics of the new GEM Premier ChemSTAT as described above are substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device (GEM Premier 4000) for Sodium, Potassium, Ionized Calcium and Chloride. The analytical and clinical study results demonstrate that the GEM Premier ChemSTAT is safe and effective for its intended purpose and</td></tr></table>