February 16, 2019

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. Gabriella Erdosy   
Regulatory Affairs Manager 180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, MA 01730

Re: K183555 Trade/Device Name: GEM Premier ChemSTAT Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1225 Regulation Name: Creatinine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JFY, CDQ, KHS Dated: December 19, 2018 Received: December 20, 2018

Dear Gabriella Erdosy:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Please note that if you modify your IVD in the future to exceed any of the limitations to the exemption found in 21 CFR 862.9(c), your device will require a new 510(k) prior to marketing this device in the United States and will not be exempt from the premarket notification requirements so long as it exceeds the limitations to the exemption found in 21 CFR 862.9.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.IRU Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k183555

Device Name GEM Premier ChemSTAT

Indications for Use (Describe)

The GEM Premier ChemSTAT is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze lithium heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of Creatinine (Crea), Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN) and Total Carbon Dioxide (tCO2) from arterial and venous heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient’s acid/base status and metabolite balance.

• Creatinine (Crea) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases and in monitoring renal dialysis.

• Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN) or urea measurements are used for the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of certain renal and metabolic diseases.

• Total carbon dioxide/tCO2 (also referred to as bicarbonate/HCO3-) is used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated with changes in body acid-base balance.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# K183555: GEM Premier ChemSTAT with Creatinine, BUN and tCO2

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co. 180 Hartwell Road Bedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="5">Contact Person</td><td>Gabriella Erdosy</td></tr><tr><td>Phone: 781-861-4571</td></tr><tr><td>Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td>Email: gerdosy@ilww.com</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>February 11, 2019</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="4">Predicate Devices</td><td>Cobas Integra Creatinine Plus Ver. 2</td><td>K024098</td></tr><tr><td>Cobas Integra Urea/BUN</td><td>K954000</td></tr><tr><td>Cobas Integra Bicarbonate Liquid</td><td>K031879</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFY</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Chemistry(75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood UreaNitrogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1770</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea nitrogen test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bicarbonate/carbon dioxidetest system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHS</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Device Description</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">The GEM Premier ChemSTAT is a portable system that analyzes arterial and venous lithium heparinized whole blood at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory for Creatinine, BUN and tCO.All tests are included in a single self-contained, disposable GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAK (cartridge).</td></tr><tr><td>Key Components</td><td>Description The GEM Premier ChemSTAT analyzer has the internal logic and</td></tr><tr><td>Analyzer</td><td>processing power necessary to perform analysis. It employs a unique touch-sensitive color screen and a simple set of menus and buttons for user interaction. The analyzer guides operators through the sampling process with simple, clear messages and prompts. The disposable, multi-use GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAK is a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">completely closed cartridge that houses all components necessary to operate the instrument once the GEM PAK is validated. These components include the sensors, Process Control (PC) Solutions, sampler, and waste bag. The values of all PC Solutions are read from the GEM PAK Electronically Erasable Programmable Read Only Memory (EEPROM) chip. The components and processes used to manufacture the PC Solutions in the GEM PAK are traceable to PAK (Cartridge) National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) standards, Clinical &amp; Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) procedures or other internal standards, where available and appropriate. The GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAK has flexible menus to assist facilities in maximizing efficiency. As part of this program, GEM ChemSTAT CVP (Calibration Valuation Products) are external solutions intended to complete the calibration process and final accuracy assessment of the iQM cartridge calibration following warm-up.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Description (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td>Intelligent Quality Management (iQM)</td><td>Intelligent Quality Management (iQM) is used as the quality control and assessment system for the GEM Premier ChemSTAT system. iQM is an active quality process control program designed to provide continuous monitoring of the analytical process before and after sample measurement with real-time, automatic error detection, automatic correction and automatic documentation of all corrective actions. iQM performs 4 types of continuous, quality checks to monitor</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use / Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td>The GEM Premier ChemSTAT is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze lithium heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of Creatinine (Crea), Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN) and Total Carbon Dioxide (tCO2) from arterial and venous heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the</td></tr><tr><td>diagnosis of a patient&#x27;s acid/base status and metabolite balance.</td></tr><tr><td>Creatinine (Crea) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases and in monitoring renal dialysis.</td></tr><tr><td>Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN) or urea measurements are used for the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of certain renal and metabolic diseases.</td></tr><tr><td>Total carbon dioxide/tCO2 (also referred to as bicarbonate/HCO) is used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated with</td></tr></table>

# Special Conditions for Use Statement

 For prescription use only.  For clinical laboratory and point-of-care use

The GEM Premier ChemSTAT system is substantially equivalent in function and intended use to the following predicate devices for Creatinine, Urea Nitrogen (BUN) and $\mathrm { \ t C O } _ { 2 }$ :

 Creatinine Cobas Integra Creatinine Plus Ver. 2 K024098   
 Urea Nitrogen Cobas Integra Urea/BUN K954000   
 tCO2 Cobas Integra Bicarbonate Liquid K031879

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">A comparison to the above predicate devices follow for Creatinine, Urea Nitrogen (BUN) and tCO.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Creatinine (Crea)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Cobas Integra Creatinine Plus Ver.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K183555</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K024098</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A portable critical care system for useby health care professionals to rapidlyanalyze lithium heparinized wholeblood samples at the point of healthcare delivery in a clinical setting and ina central laboratory. The instrumentprovides quantitative measurementsof Creatinine (Crea), Blood UreaNitrogen (BUN) and Total CarbonDioxide (tCO2) from arterial andvenous heparinized whole blood.These parameters, along with derivedparameters, aid in the diagnosis of apatient's acid/base status andmetabolite balance.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro test for the quantitativedetermination    of    creatinineconcentration in human serum,plasma and urine on Roche/Hitachicobas c systems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended User</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Central Laboratory and Point-of-Care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Central Laboratory Only</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzymatic Amperometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzymatic Colorimetry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-5 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lithium heparinized whole blood(arterial and venous)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, Plasma and Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reportable Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20 to 15.00 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06 to 30.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-point calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-point calibration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15-25°C (PAK)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C (Reagents)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Substantial Equivalency Discussion (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Cobas Integra Urea/BUN</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K183555</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K954000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A portable critical care system for useby health care professionals to rapidlyanalyze lithium heparinized wholeblood samples at the point of healthcare delivery in a clinical setting and ina central laboratory. The instrumentprovides quantitative measurementsof Creatinine (Crea), Blood UreaNitrogen (BUN) and Total CarbonDioxide (tCO2) from arterial andvenous heparinized whole blood.These parameters, along with derivedparameters, aid in the diagnosis of apatient's acid/base status andmetabolite balance.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro test for the quantitativedetermination of urea/urea nitrogenconcentration in human serum,plasma and urine on Roche/Hitachicobas c systems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended User</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Central Laboratory and Point-of-Care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Central Laboratory Only</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzymatic Potentiometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzymatic Colorimetry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lithium heparinized whole blood(arterial and venous)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, Plasma and Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reportable Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 to 112.0 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4 to 112 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-point calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-point calibration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15-25°C (PAK)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C (Reagents)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Total Carbon Dioxide (tCO2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Cobas Integra Bicarbonate Liquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K183555</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K031879</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A portable critical care system for useby health care professionals to rapidlyanalyze lithium heparinized wholeblood samples at the point of healthcare delivery in a clinical setting and ina central laboratory. The instrumentprovides quantitative measurementsof Creatinine (Crea), Blood UreaNitrogen (BUN) and Total CarbonDioxide (tCO2) from arterial andvenous heparinized whole blood.These parameters, along with derivedparameters, aid in the diagnosis of apatient's acid/base status andmetabolite balance.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro test for the quantitativedetermination of bicarbonate (HCO3-)concentration in human serum andplasma on Roche/Hitachi cobas csystems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended User</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Central Laboratory and Point-of-Care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Central Laboratory Only</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzymatic Colorimetry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lithium heparinized whole blood(arterial and venous)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and Plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reportable Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0 to 50.0 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 to 50 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-point calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-point calibration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15-25°C (PAK)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C (Reagents)</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

# Internal Precision Study – Whole Blood

In accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, an internal precision study was performed using five (5) different concentrations of whole blood per analyte, each run on three (3) GEM Premier ChemSTAT analyzers for five (5) days, with one (1) run per day and eight (8) replicates measured per run per level $( N { = } 1 2 0 )$ .

All results were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within RunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Creatinine(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.067</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.235</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>BUN(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>tCO2(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility Study with Aqueous Controls – Point-of-Care (POC) Setting

In accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, a reproducibility study was performed with controls at three (3) external clinical point-of-care (POC) sites. The studies were run by a total of nine (9) different operators on six (6) different GEM Premier ChemSTAT instruments, using a single lot of GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAKs (cartridges). Each site used nine (9) levels of quality control material for Creatinine (4 levels of GEM ChemSTAT CVP and 5 levels of GEM ChemSTAT PVP) and seven (7) levels for BUN and $\mathrm { \ t C O } _ { 2 }$ (2 levels of GEM ChemSTAT CVP and 5 levels of GEM ChemSTAT PVP), running each control level in triplicate, twice a day for 5 days, for a total of 30 replicates per level $N = 9 0$ pooled across 3 sites).

All results at all sites were within specification.

<table><tr><td colspan="14" rowspan="1">Pooled Multi-Site POC Data</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ControlLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Site</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">Creatinine(mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.025</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.054</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.065</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.116</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.048</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.164</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.023</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.031</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.032</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.052</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.063</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.037</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.041</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.029</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.068</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.077</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.036</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.041</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.116</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.093</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.054</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.073</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.083</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.094</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.039</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.045</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.139</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Control Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Site</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">BUN(mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">tCO2(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVP Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVP Level 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.5%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision – Whole Blood

A precision study was performed with whole blood patient samples at three (3) external clinical point-ofcare (POC) sites. The studies were run by six (6) different operators on three (3) different GEM Premier ChemSTAT instruments, using a single lot of GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAKs (cartridges). Less than $10 \%$ of samples included in the study were contrived.

For data analysis and acceptance criteria application, measured data for each analyte were partitioned into zones and identified as Fixed Acceptance Range (Constant SD) or Variable Acceptance Range (Constant $\% C \backslash I \}$ . All results at all sites were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fixed or VariableAcceptance Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within SampleSD of %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Creatinine(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Fixed(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Variable(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>BUN(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Fixed(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Variable(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision – Whole Blood (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fixed or VariableAcceptance Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within SampleSD of %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>tCO2(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Fixed(SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Variable(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# LoB, LoD and LoQ

In accordance with CLSI EP17-A2, Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantification (LoQ) were established for Creatinine, BUN and $\mathrm { t C O } _ { 2 } ,$ , using three (3) lots of GEM Premier ChemSTAT PAKs (cartridges).

Following are the combined data results for LoB, LoD and LoQ:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tCO2 (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

In accordance with CLSI EP06-A, nine (9) levels per analyte were prepared by spiking or diluting whole blood to challenge the claimed reportable range for Creatinine, BUN and $\mathrm { \ t C O } _ { 2 }$ . Each blood level was analyzed in triplicate on six (6) GEM Premier ChemSTAT test analyzers and results compared to the reference analyzers.

Combined data from limit of quantitation (LoQ) and linearity were used to support the lower limits of the claimed reportable ranges.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N perLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10 to 16.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20 to 15.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 to 122.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 to 112.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tCO2(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.798</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9986</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 to 51.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 to 50.0</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Analytical Specificity

In accordance with EP07 $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Edition, an interference study was conducted on the GEM Premier ChemSTAT for Creatinine, BUN and $\mathrm { \ t C O } _ { 2 }$ .

The table below and on the next two pages lists the substances that were screened with no observed interference on Creatinine, BUN and/or $\mathrm { \ t C O } _ { 2 }$ :

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested analytes where interference was not observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1030 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetoacetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ammonium (Chloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atracurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium (Chloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftriaxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1510 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diatrizoate Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dobutamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.121 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.06 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epinephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylene glycol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Etomidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.1 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gadodiamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

Analytical Specificity (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Anlalytical Specmeity (cont.)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested analytes where interference was not observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glycolic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin (Hemolysis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000 U/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-hydroxybutyrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxyurea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.08 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1060 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Icodextrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoniazid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>438 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leflunomide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Midazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.376 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.3 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Acetyl-L-cysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>920μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perchlorate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2970 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Piperacillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pralidoxime iodide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propofol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.207 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Suxamethonium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tazobactam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.05 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Analytical Specificity (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested analytes where interference was not observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Teriflunomide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiocyanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>898 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN, Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiopental</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1660 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglyceride (Intralipid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL(1% Intralipid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.8 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine, BUN, tCO2</td></tr></table>

The table below lists substance that demonstrated interference with Creatinine, BUN and/or $\mathrm { \ t C O } _ { 2 }$ and the concentration of the interfering substance, as well as the bias observed and its direction (positive / negative):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AffectedAnalytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyteConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BiasObserved(Mean)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowestInterferingConcentrationwith AnalyteImpact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias Observedat the LowestConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Creatine</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.382 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.23 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>No Interference Observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hydroxyurea</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.77 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+1.06 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+1.08 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

Reference Ranges   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>Crea*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04-0.33 (0-1 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04-0.45 (2-5 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20-0.52 (6-9 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22-0.59 (10 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62-1.10 (male adult)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45-0.75 (female adult)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-29 (0-1 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-40 (2-5 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-46 (6-9 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-52 (10 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55-96 (male adult)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40-66 (female adult)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>BUN*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-25 (1 wk)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-19 (&lt; 1yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-18 (infant/child)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-20 (18-60 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-23 (60-90 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-31 (&gt; 90 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Urea*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1-8.9 (1 wk)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4-6.8 (&lt; 1 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8-6.4 (infant/child)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1-7.1 (18-60 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9-8.2 (60-90 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6-11.1 (&gt; 90 yr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>tcCo.2**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.0-24.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.0-26.0 (venous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr></table>

\* Burtis, Carl and David Bruns, Tietz Textbook of Clinical Chemistry and Molecular Diagnostics, Elsevier Saunders, $7 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Edition, 2015, pages 952-982. \*\* Wu, A., Tietz Clinical Guide to Laboratory Tests, W.B. Saunders Co., St. Louis MO, $4 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Edition, 2006, pages 316 and 1096.

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Clinical Testing

In accordance with EP09c, a method comparison study was conducted at three (3) point-of-care (POC) sites on the GEM Premier ChemSTAT compared to the respective predicate devices, using lithium heparinized whole blood patient samples from the intended use population. Less than $10 \%$ of samples included in the study were contrived.

The pooled results from the POC sites are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Pooled Point-of-Care Sites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20 to 14.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.965</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.441</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 to 109.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tCO2 (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>416</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.535</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.986</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5 to 47.2</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>The technological and functional characteristics of the new GEM Premier ChemSTAT as described above are substantially equivalent to that of the predicate devices: Cobas Integra Creatinine Plus Ver. 2 (K024098), Cobas Integra Urea/BUN (K954000) and Cobas Integra Bicarbonate Liquid (K031879). The analytical and clinical study results demonstrate that the GEM Premier ChemSTAT is safe and effective for its intended purpose and equivalent in performance to the predicate devices: Cobas Integra Creatinine Plus Ver. 2 (K024098), Cobas Integra Urea/BUN (K954000) and Cobas Integra Bicarbonate Liquid (K031879).</td></tr></table>