November 6, 2019

PerkinElmer Inc.   
Brian Ciccariello   
Head of Regulatory & Medical Affairs - Americas 940 Winter Street   
Waltham, MA 02451

Re: K190335 Trade/Device Name: GSP Neonatal Total Galactose kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1310 Regulation Name: Galactose test system Regulatory Class: Class I, Reserved Product Code: JIA Dated: September 27, 2019 Received: September 30, 2019

Dear Brian Ciccariello:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, M.T., Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name GSP Neonatal Total Galactose kit

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary information is supplied in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is K190335.

Date: November 5, 2019

# Submitted by:

PerkinElmer Inc. 940 Winter Street Waltham, MA 02451

# Contact Person:

Brian Ciccariello   
Head of Regulatory & Medical Affairs - Americas   
Email: brian.ciccariello@perkinelmer.com   
Phone: 781-663-5651   
Trade Name: GSP Neonatal Total Galactose kit   
Common Name: Galactose test System   
Regulation: 21 CFR 862.1310   
Classification Name: Galactose test System   
Classification: I, Reserved   
Panel: 75 Clinical Chemistry   
Product Code: JIA   
Predicate Device: GSP Neonatal Total Galactose kit [K133652]

# Device Description:

The GSP Neonatal Total Galactose test system measures total galactose, i.e. both galactose and galactose-1-phosphate, using a fluorescent galactose oxidase method. The fluorescence is measured using an excitation wavelength of $5 0 5 \mathrm { n m }$ and an emission wavelength of $5 8 0 \mathrm { n m }$ . The GSP Neonatal Total Galactose kit contains sufficient reagents to perform 1152 assays.

The kit contains the following components:

Calibrators have been prepared from human red blood cells enriched with galactose, and with ProClin 300 as preservative. The hematocrit value is $50 \text{‰}$ to correspond to a hematocrit of a newborn. The calibrators have been calibrated against primary calibrators gravimetrically prepared using a U.S. Pharmacopeia Reference Standard Preparation for galactose.

Controls have been prepared from human blood enriched with galactose and galactose-1- phosphate, and with ProClin 300 as preservative. Prior to dispensing the blood onto the filter paper, the hematocrit value of blood used in the controls preparation is adjusted to $50 \text{‰}$ to correspond to a hematocrit of a newborn. The low control is approximately $4 . 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and the high control approximately $1 2 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

All human source materials used in the preparation of kit components were tested and found to be non-reactive for the presence of HBsAg, anti-HIV 1 and 2, and HCV by FDA approved methods.

Neonatal Total Galactose Assay Reagent 1 – 3 lyophilized vials Neonatal Total Galactose Assay Reagent 2 – 3 lyophilized vials Neonatal Total Galactose Assay Buffer – 3 bottles, $4 0 ~ \mathrm { m l }$ Neonatal Total Galactose Assay Reconstitution Solution – 1 bottle, $2 0 ~ \mathrm { m l }$ Neonatal Extraction Solution – 2 bottles, $6 0 \mathrm { m l }$

# Intended Use:

The GSP Neonatal Total Galactose kit is intended for the quantitative determination of total galactose (galactose and galactose-1-phosphate) concentrations in blood specimens dried on filter paper as an aid in screening newborns for galactosemia using the $\mathrm { G S P _ { \mathbb { R } } }$ instrument.

Comparison Chart: Comparison of the GSP Neonatal Total Galactose device with its predicate:   

<table><tr><td colspan="3">GSP Neonatal Total Galactose kit</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Proposed Device</td><td>Predicate Device (K133652)</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td>The GSP Neonatal Total Galactose kit is intended for the quantitative determination of total galactose (galactose and galactose-1-phosphate) concentrations in blood specimens dried on filter paper as an aid in screening newborns for galactosemia using the GSP® instrument.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Test Methodology</td><td>Enzymatic assay</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Detection Method</td><td>Fluorescence  measured at 505 nm and 580 nm wavelengths</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument Platform</td><td>GSP instrument, automated (K090846)</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Type</td><td>Dried blood spot</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Reportable Range</td><td>1.2 - 50 mg/dL</td><td>1.15 - 50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Lower Limits of Measure</td><td>LoB = 0.3 mg/dL</td><td>LoB = 0.34 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>LoD = 0.7 mg/dL</td><td>LoD = 0.97 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Calibrators</td><td>LoQ = 1.2 mg/dL</td><td>LoQ = 1.15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>A - 0.5 mg/dL B - 2.5 mg/dL</td><td>A - 0.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>B - 2.5 mg/dL C - 5.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>C - 5.0 mg/dL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>D - 10 mg/dL</td><td>D - 10.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>E - 20 mg/dL F - 50 mg/dL</td><td>E − 20 mg/dL F - 50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Part Number</td><td>3309-002U</td><td>3309-001U</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Non-Clinical Studies:

The variation of the 3309-002U GSP Neonatal Total Galactose assay was determined in three different studies using dried blood spot samples. The repeatability (within-plate variation) and within-laboratory variation were determined with 40 plates (2 sample replicates/plate) of a single kit lot measured over 20 working days with a single GSP instrument (80 results/sample). The between-instrument variation was determined with 15 plates (5 sample replicates/plate) of a single kit lot measured over 5 working days with three GSP instruments (75 results/sample). The between-lot variation was determined with 15 plates (5 sample replicates/plate) of three kit lots measured over 5 working days with a single GSP instrument (75 results/sample). Total variation ranged from 10.0 to $1 3 . 9 \% \mathrm { C V }$ .

The Limit of Blank (LoB) for total galactose is $0 . 3 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ $( 1 7 \mu \mathrm { m o l / L } )$ , defined as the 95th percentile of a distribution of blank samples $( \mathtt { n } = 1 5 0 )$ . The Limit of Detection (LoD) is 0.7 $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ $( 3 9 \mathrm { \ : \mu m o l / L } )$ based on 60 determinations of 6 low level samples. The Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) is $1 . 2 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ $( 6 7 ~ \mu \mathrm { m o l / L } )$ , defined as the lowest concentration with a total CV equal to or less than $20 \%$ .

For total galactose, the method has been demonstrated to be linear throughout the measuring range (from $1 . 2 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ $( 6 7 ~ \mathrm { \mu m o l / L } )$ to $5 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ $( 2 7 7 5 ~ \mathrm { \mu m o l / L } )$ ).

The recovery of galactose, galactose-1-phosphate, and both combined was determined from three contrived dried blood spot samples with an average recovery of $9 8 \%$ , $1 1 5 \%$ and $102 \%$ respectively.

The potentially interfering substances were added to whole blood with three total galactose concentrations (5, 10, and $1 5 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ ). The substances indicated in the table below were found not to interfere with the assay. A bias exceeding $\pm 1 5 \%$ is considered a significant interference.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Galactoseconc. (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophenconcentrationtested mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent change inmeasured galactose(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significantchange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-13.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-23.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-24.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-16.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-22.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-18.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-29.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Galactoseconc. (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated bilirubinconcentrationtested mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent change inmeasured galactose(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significantchange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-44.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-90.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-93.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-13.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-38.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-84.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-24.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

Intralipid was found not to interfere up to added concentrations of $1 2 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ at $5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ total galactose, up to $3 7 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ at $1 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ total galactose, and up to $5 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ at $1 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ total galactose. When present above these amounts Intralipid may cause a false positive screening result for a sample with measured total galactose concentration close to the cut-off value.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Galactoseconc. (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipidconcentration testedmg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent change inmeasured galactose (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significantchange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

In addition, hemoglobin in combination with elevated bilirubin concentration of $1 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ was found to interfere with the assay by increasing the measured total galactose concentration (see the table below). Therefore, hemoglobin level at $2 3 7 \ \mathrm { g / L }$ and above in combination with elevated bilirubin level may cause a false positive screening result for a sample with measured total galactose concentration close to the cut-off value.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Galactose conc.(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobinconcentration tested g/Lat bilirubin level15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent change inmeasured galactose (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significant change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

Hematocrit levels from $3 5 \%$ to $65 \%$ (Hemoglobin levels $1 2 { - } 2 2 \ \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { d L }$ , i.e. $1 2 0 { - } 2 2 0 \ \mathrm { g / L } )$ were found not to interfere at total galactose concentrations of 5, 10, and $1 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# Hook Effect:

No hook effect has been found with total galactose concentrations up to $5 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ (27750 $\mu \mathrm { m o l / L } )$

# Summary of Method Comparison:

The 3309-002U GSP Neonatal Total Galactose kit (y) was compared with the 3029-0010 Neonatal Total Galactose kit $\mathbf { \tau } ( \mathbf { x } )$ using routine newborn screening dried blood spot samples and dried adult human whole blood samples spiked with galactose and galactose-1-phosphate in the range of $1 . 2 \mathrm { - } 5 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ $( 6 7 { - } 2 7 7 5 ~ \mathrm { { \mu m o l / L } ) }$ when determined with the 3309-002U GSP Neonatal Total Galactose kit. The correlation from weighted Deming regression was found to be:

$\mathrm { m g / d L }$ : $\mathrm { y } = 1 . 0 5 \mathrm { x } - 0 . 2 9$ ; $9 5 \%$ CI: slope (0.97; 1.12), intercept (-0.48; -0.10) $( \mathrm { n } { = } 1 3 9 )$ ) $\mu \mathrm { m o l / L }$ : $\mathrm { y } = 1 . 0 5 \mathrm { x } - 1 6$ ; $9 5 \%$ CI: slope (0.97; 1.12), intercept (-27; -6) $\mathrm { ( n { = } l } 3 9 \mathrm { ) }$ )

The 3309-002U GSP Neonatal Total Galactose kit (y) was compared with the 3309-001U GSP Neonatal Total Galactose kit $\mathbf { \rho } ( \mathbf { x } )$ using routine newborn screening dried blood spot samples in the range of $1 . 2 \mathrm { - } 5 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ $( 6 7 { - } 2 7 7 5 ~ \mathrm { \mu m o l / L } )$ when determined with the 3309-002U GSP Neonatal Total Galactose kit. The correlation from Deming regression was found to be:

$\mathrm { m g / d L }$ : $\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 0 \mathbf { x } + 0 . 3 3$ ; $9 5 \%$ CI: slope (0.96; 1.04), intercept (0.25; 0.42) $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { n } = 5 4 5 )$ ) $\mu \mathrm { m o l / L }$ : $\mathrm { y } = 1 . 0 0 \mathrm { x } + 1 8 . 6$ ; $9 5 \%$ CI: slope (0.96; 1.04), intercept (13.7; 23.4) $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 5 4 5 )$

# Summary of screening performance study:

In a study conducted at one newborn screening laboratory in the United States, the screening performance of the new and predicate device was evaluated with a total of 2161 samples (7 confirmed positive samples and 2154 routine samples). The screening performance is shown below based on $9 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ and $9 9 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile values.

Screening performance of GSP Neonatal Total Galactose test system $9 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>3309-001U</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screeningpositive≥ 3.9 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screeningnegative&lt; 3.9 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>3309-002U</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening positive≥ 4.1 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening negative&lt; 4.1 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2033**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2047</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2161</td></tr></table>

\* Includes 5 retrospective galactosemia diagnosed screening samples. \*\* Includes 1 retrospective galactosemia diagnosed screening sample that was collected 22 hours after birth. . According to CLSI guideline [5], for laboratories measuring galactose it may be necessary to wait at least 24 hours of milk intake to transpire to minimize false-negative results. \*\* Includes 1 Duarte variant sample, see Limitations of the Procedure for details.

Overall percent agreement $= 9 8 . 7 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { { C I } 9 8 . 1 \ \% - 9 9 . 1 \ \% ) }$ Positive percent agreement $= 8 7 . 7 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { { C I } 8 0 . 3 \ \% - 9 3 . 1 \ \% ) }$ Negative percent agreement $= 9 9 . 3 ~ \%$ $( 9 5 \% C \mathrm { I } 9 8 . 9 \% - 9 9 . 6 \% )$

Screening performance of GSP Neonatal Total Galactose test system $9 9 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>3309-001U</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screeningpositive≥ 7.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screeningnegative&lt; 7.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>3309-002U</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening positive≥ 6.8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening negative&lt; 6.8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7***</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2127**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2134</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2161</td></tr></table>

\* Includes 4 retrospective galactosemia diagnosed screening samples.

\*\* Includes 1 retrospective galactosemia diagnosed screening sample that was collected 22 hours after birth. . According to CLSI guideline [5], for laboratories measuring galactose it may be necessary to wait at least 24 hours of milk intake to transpire to minimize false-negative results.

\*\* Includes 1 Duarte variant sample, see Limitations of the Procedure for details.

\*\*\* Includes 1 retrospective galactosemia diagnosed screening sample that was collected 16 hours after birth. According to CLSI guideline [5], for laboratories measuring galactose it may be necessary to wait at least 24 hours of milk intake to transpire to minimize false-negative results.

Overall percent agreement $= 9 9 . 4 \%$ $9 5 \% C \mathrm { I } 9 8 . 9 \% - 9 9 . 6 \% )$ Positive percent agreement $= 7 4 . 1 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } 5 3 . 7 \% - 8 8 . 9 \% )$ Negative percent agreement $= 9 9 . 7 \%$ $( 9 5 \% C \mathrm { I } 9 9 . 3 \ \% - 9 9 . 9 \ \% )$

# Substantial Equivalency:

The proposed device and predicate device utilize similar enzymatic pathway and design shown to produce equivalent screening performance in a clinical setting. Both devices are intended for use in for the quantitative determination of total galactose (galactose and galactose-1-phosphate) concentrations in blood specimens dried on filter paper as an aid in screening newborns for galactosemia.

# Conclusion:

The GSP Neonatal Total Galactose test system demonstrates analytical and screening performance that supports its substantial equivalency with the predicate device, the 3309-001U GSP Neonatal Total Galactose test system (K133652).