June 4, 2019

TaiDoc Technology Corporation   
Sophia Wu   
Regulatory Affairs Vice President   
6F, No.127, Wugong 2nd Rd., Wugu District   
New Taipei City, 24888   
Taiwan

Re: K190579 Trade/Device Name: TD-4183 Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW Dated: February 27, 2019 Received: March 6, 2019

Dear Sophia Wu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K190579

Device Name TD-4183 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The TD-4183 Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of the TD-4183 Blood Glucose meter and the TD-4183 Blood Glucose Test Strips.

The TD-4183 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertip. This system is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of the diabetes control program. It is intended to be used by single person and should not be shared. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

Submission Number: k190579

In accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, this summary is being provided to serve as the basis for the substantial equivalence determination.

# Submitter information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TaiDoc Technology Corporation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6F, No. 127, Wugong 2nd Rd. Wugu Dist.New Taipei City, Taiwan 24888</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3004145393</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>May 10, 2019</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TaiDoc Technology Corporation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sophia Wu</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Title</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Affairs Vice President</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+886-2-6625-8188</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E-mail</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sophiawu@taidoc.com.tw</td></tr></table>

# Proposed Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TD-4183 Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW, Blood Glucose Test System, Over-the-Counter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR §862.1345</td></tr></table>

# Predicate Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TaiDoc Technology Corporation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TD-4277 Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K100322</td></tr></table>

# Intended use

The TD-4183 Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of the TD-4183 Blood Glucose meter and the TD-4183 Blood Glucose Test Strips.

The TD-4183 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertip. This system is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of the diabetes control program. It is intended to be used by single person and should not be shared. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

# Device Description

The TD-4183 system kit includes the TD-4183 Blood Glucose meter with blood glucose measuring function and the TD-4183 Blood Glucose test strips. This system is a single-patient use blood glucose monitoring system intended to be used to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of glucose control.

# Test principle

The blood sample is applied to the absorbent hole at the end of the test strip to fill the window. When the blood sample is absorbed into the test strip, the blood glucose reacts with the reagent contained in the test strip and generates electrical current. When the meter receives the signal through the connector, the signal is then transferred into calculated blood glucose level and displayed on the LCD screen. The strength of the current produced by the reaction depends on the amount of glucose in the blood sample.

# Summary of Technological Characteristics and Comparison to the Predicate

The TD-4183 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of technological characteristics.

The similarities and differences between the predicate and proposed devices are summarized in Table 1 and 2 below.

Table 1: Similarities between the Predicate and Proposed Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate deviceTD-4277</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed deviceTD-4183</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operation principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemical biosensortechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the same as the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometric glucose biosensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the same as the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode of operation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User initiates test on meter, insertstest strip into meter, lances fingerwith lancing device, and places bloodsample on test strip.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the same as the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strips are stored in ahumidity-controlled vial (25-50 stripsper vial), user removes one strip fromvial and inserts in meter for testing.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the same as the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No coding required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the same as the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip enzyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAD Glucose dehydrogenase (E. coli)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the same as the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip reaction time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the same as the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip sample volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the same as the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the same as the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement modes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AC (before meal)PC (after meal)Gen (not specified)QC (quality control)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the same as the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User interface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCD and buttons</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the same as the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display of test results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCD screen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the same as the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software design</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter software controls themeasurement and calculation ofblood glucose and displays result onthe meter.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the same as the predicate device</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Differences between the Predicate and Proposed Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate deviceTD-4277</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed deviceTD-4183</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Physical Appearance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">URighrmg/dLM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">888E30AKETONE?mg/dLM Ca 638-88 38:88M  A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Size (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96 (L) x 61 (W) x 26 (H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.3 (L) x 52.3 (W) x 18 (H)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Weight (g)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67.2 g</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46.8 g</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-650 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-60%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-65%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 x 1.5V AAA batteries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 1.5V AAA batteries</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transmission function</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter storage/transportationcondition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-4°F to 140°F, &lt; 95% R.H.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-4°F to 140°F, 10% to 93% R.H.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip storage/transportationcondition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.6°F to 89.6°F, &lt; 85% R.H.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.6°F to 86°F, 10% to 85% R.H.</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Predicate device TD-4277</td><td>Proposed device TD-4183</td></tr><tr><td>Intended use</td><td>TD-4277 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger. It is intended for use by healthcare professionals and people with diabetes mellitus at homeas an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control program. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates. Professionals may use the test strips to test capillary and venous blood samples, but lay user may not test venous blood samples.</td><td>The TD-4183 Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of the TD-4183 Blood Glucose meter and the TD-4183 Blood Glucose Test Strips. The TD-4183 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertip. This system is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of the diabetes control program. It is intended to be used by single person and should not be shared. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Testing

Non-clinical and clinical studies were conducted to test, verify and validate the performance of the proposed device according to FDA Guidance issued on October 11, 2016: Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose Test Systems for Over-the-Counter Use. Results from these studies show that all performance criteria were met.

Non-Clinical Testing Summary: Design verification and validation testing was performed to ensure that the TD-4183 System met design specifications and requirements. Testing activities included electrical/mechanical safety tests, functional performance tests (precision, linearity, interference, flex studies) as well as disinfection, cleaning, and robustness studies. Software validation was performed for this moderate level of concern device per FDA Guidance Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.

Clinical Testing Summary: A user evaluation confirmed the system accuracy, operation according to design, and ease of use to support the intended use as described in the proposed labeling.

# Conclusion

Based on the information provided in this submission, the TD-4183 Blood Glucose Monitoring System has been shown to be substantially equivalent to the TD-4277 Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K100322).