October 4, 2019

Beckman Coulter Biomedical GmbH   
Amanda Brown   
Manager Regulatory Affairs   
Sauerbruchstr. 50   
Munich, 81377   
Germany

Re: K190298 Trade/Device Name: Access Vitamin B12 Access Ferritin Access Folate Access TSH (3rd IS) DxA 5000 DxI 800 Access Immunoassay System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1810 Regulation Name: Vitamin B12 Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CDD, JMG, CGN, JLW, JJE Dated: August 8, 2019 Received: August 21, 2019

Dear Amanda Brown:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use (Describe)

The DxA 5000 is a high-speed, modular, automated sample handling system that performs pre-analytical and postanalytical sample processing and storage. The automation system also sorts, routes, and presents sample tubes to analyzers for analysis. The DxA 5000 also consolidates a variety of analytical instruments, such as an Immunoassay analyzer, into a unified workstation on a track system.

The $\mathrm { D x I } 8 0 0$ Access Immunoassay System is a microcomputer controlled, random and continuous access analyzer that includes an external computer. This computer stores the system user interface (UI) software and allows the operator to interface with and direct the instrument software. The UniCel $\mathrm { D x I } 8 0 0$ System uses enzyme immunoassays (utilizing paramagnetic particle solid phase and chemiluminescent detection) for the quantitative, semi-quantitative or qualitative determination of various analyte concentrations found in human body fluids. The UniCel DxI 800 System is an in vitro diagnostic device for use in the clinical laboratory.

The Access Ferritin assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of ferritin levels in human serum and plasma (heparin) using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Measurements of ferritin aid in the diagnosis of diseases affecting iron metabolism.

The Access Folate assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of folic acid levels in human serum and plasma (heparin) or red blood cells using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Folate levels in serum and plasma (heparin) or red blood cells are used to assess folate status. The serum folate level is an indicator of recent folate intake. A low RBC folate value can indicate a prolonged folate deficiency. Folic acid measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of megaloblastic anemia.

The Access TSH (3rd IS) assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (thyrotropin, TSH, hTSH) levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. This assay is capable of providing 3rd generation TSH results. Measurements of thyroid stimulating hormone produced by the anterior pituitary are used in the diagnosis of thyroid or pituitary disorders.

The Access Vitamin B12 assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of vitamin B12 levels in human serum and plasma (heparin) using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of anemias of gastrointestinal malabsorption.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 1.0 Submitted By:

Amanda Brown, RAC   
Manager Regulatory Affairs   
Beckman Coulter Biomedical GmbH   
Sauerbruchstr. 50   
81377 Munich   
Germany   
Telephone: $+ 4 9$ (0) 89 579589-3611   
Email: abrown2@beckman.com

2.0 Date Submitted: February 8, 2019

# 3.0 Device Name(s):

3.1 Proprietary Names DxA 5000

DxI 800 Access Immunoassay System   
Access Ferritin   
Access Folate   
Access TSH $( 3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } } \mathsf { I S } )$   
Access Vitamin B12

# 3.2 Common Name

Laboratory Automation System

# 3.2 Classification Name

Page 5-1 Confidential   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceClass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReviewPanel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrete photometric chemistryanalyzer for clinical use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.2160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin immunological testsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.5340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JMG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Folic acid test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thyroid stimulating hormonetest system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1690</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JLW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B12 test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1810</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr></table>

# 4.0 Legally Marketed Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Document Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DxA 5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Processor SampleProcessing System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter,Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K110413</td></tr></table>

# 5.0 Device Description

The DxA system is a high throughput automated sample handling system which can perform the pre and post analytical processing of sample tubes. DxA can identify and track samples, perform centrifugation, decapping, delivery of samples to connected analyzers, recapping, storing in either non-refrigerated or refrigerated storage, and sorting to output racks.

The DxA integrates perianalytic (pre and post analysis) functions with analytical instruments (Beckman Coulter, and other manufacturer’s) via a track system to provide fully integrated testing solutions.

# 6.0 Intended Use

The DxA 5000 is a high-speed, modular, automated sample handling system that performs preanalytical and post-analytical sample processing and storage. The automation system also sorts, routes, and presents sample tubes to analyzers for analysis. The DxA 5000 also consolidates a variety of analytical instruments, such as an Immunoassay analyzer, into a unified workstation on a track system.

# 7.0 Indications for Use

The DxA 5000 is a high-speed, modular, automated sample handling system that performs preanalytical and post-analytical sample processing and storage. The automation system also sorts, routes, and presents sample tubes to analyzers for analysis. The DxA 5000 also consolidates a variety of analytical instruments, such as an Immunoassay analyzer, into a unified workstation on a track system.

The UniCel DxI 800 Access Immunoassay System is a microcomputer controlled, random and continuous access analyzer that includes an external computer. This computer stores the system user interface (UI) software and allows the operator to interface with and direct the instrument software. The UniCel DxI 800 System uses enzyme immunoassays (utilizing paramagnetic particle solid phase and chemiluminescent detection) for the quantitative, semi-quantitative or qualitative determination of various analyte concentrations found in human body fluids. The UniCel DxI 800 System is an in vitro diagnostic device for use in the clinical laboratory.

The Access Ferritin assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent assay for the quantitative determination of ferritin levels in human serum and plasma (heparin) using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Measurements of ferritin aid in the diagnosis of diseases affecting iron metabolism.

The Access Folate assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of folic acid levels in human serum, plasma (heparin) and red blood cells using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Folic acid measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of megaloblastic anemia.

The Access TSH (3rd IS) assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent assay for the quantitative determination of human thyroidstimulating hormone (thyrotropin, TSH, hTSH) levels in human serum using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Measurements of thyroid stimulating hormone produced by the anterior pituitary are used in the diagnosis of thyroid or pituitary disorders.

The Access Vitamin B12 assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent assay for the quantitative determination of vitamin B12 in human serum and plasma (heparin) using Access Immunoassay Systems. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of anemias of gastrointestinal malabsorption.

# Comparison to the Predicate

# Predicate Device Name and 510k information:

Power Processor Sample Processing System (k110413)   
Beckman Coulter UniCel® DxI 800 Access® Immunoassay System (k023764)   
Beckman Coulter Access® Ferritin assay (k926221)   
Beckman Coulter Access® Folate assay (k060774)   
Beckman Coulter Access® HYPER sensitive hTSH assay (k042281)   
Beckman Coulter Access® Vitamin B12 assay (k955436)

The DxA 5000 has the following similarities to the previously cleared Power Processor Sample Processing System (K110413).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Processor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DxA 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The basic Power Processor is anautomated sample handling systemwhich processes sample tubes fromthe pre-centrifugation, pre-sortingstep to presentation of centrifugedand decapped samples into Genericor Personality Racks for specificinstruments. The Power Processorcan be configured with optionalsoftware and hardware to allowprocessing of sample tubes onGeneric Connection Instruments.The Power Processor performs allpre-analytical sample tubepreparation, and then sorts thesample tubes directly to GenericConnection Modules where thesamples are pipetted by theGeneric Connection instrument fortesting. After the samples arepipetted, the tubes can route toother instruments for additionaltesting or to Outlet Racks.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DxA 5000 is a high-speed,modular, automated samplehandling system that performspre-analytical and post-analytical sample processingand storage. The automationsystem also sorts, routes, andpresents sample tubes toanalyzers for analysis. TheDxA 5000 also consolidates avariety of analyticalinstruments, such as anImmunoassay analyzer, into aunified workstation on a tracksystem.</td></tr></table>

Page 5-5 Confidential   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Design</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open LAS architecture enablesmultiple analyzer connections,including 3rd party systems.Scalable, modular configuration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FundamentalTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Centralized operation andmonitoring of decentralizedequipment.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample TransferMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Onboard sampling is the physicaltransfer of the sample tube/rackfrom the automation track to theanalyzer's sample load andidentification area.Outboard sampling capability readsthe barcode for the analyzer andsignals the analyzer's existing LAScommunications interface toperform direct track sampling.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HostCommunications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ability to interface with aLaboratory Information System (LIS)device to receive patientidentification and test requests viaa communications protocol toprovide sample tracking via barcode labeling.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ability to interface with aLaboratory InformationSystem (LIS) device viaRemisol to receive patientidentification and testrequests (based on bar codelabeling) and to providesample tracking via acommunications protocol.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingEnvironment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Software MicrosoftWindows XP, Computer Consolewith Single User Interface.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Main Console: MicrosoftWindows embedded Standard7 (64-Bit) with one userinterface per system.Module Consoles: MicrosoftWindows embedded Standard7 (32-Bit) with one userinterface per module.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identification of patient tubes andsample programming using barcodes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buttons and 2 character display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch screen based control oneach module console</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Racks per Inlet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 racks that hold 50 tubes each</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 tubes per rack, 4 racks perdrawer, 3 drawers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImmunoassayAnalyzerConnection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unicel Dxl 800 Access ImmunoassaySystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayPerformance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access Ferritin AssayAccess Folate AssayAccess HYPERsensitive hTSH AssayAccess Vitamin B12 Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450 tubes per hour (with 2centrifuges).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up 1200 tubes per hour</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleContainers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary and secondary Tubes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aliquotter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Centrifugation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube sizes must be all the same.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Can support multiple tubesizes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">De-capping</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VolumeDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes- (Combination of infraredsensor and pressure sensor)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes- (Laser- Liquid LevelDetection)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Processor connected toBeckman Coulter UniCel® Dxl 800Access® Immunoassay System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxA 5000 connected toBeckman Coulter UniCel® Dxl800 Access® ImmunoassaySystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dxl 800Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The UniCel Dxl 800 AccessImmunoassay System withlaboratory automation connectionis a microcomputer-controlled,random and continuous accessanalyzer that includes an externalcomputer. This computer storesthe system user interface (UI)software and allows the operatorto interface with and direct theinstrument software. The UniCelDxl 800 System uses enzymeimmunoassays (utilizingparamagnetic particle solid phaseand chemiluminescent detection)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The UniCel Dxl 800 AccessImmunoassay System is amicrocomputer controlled,random and continuous accessanalyzer that includes anexternal computer. Thiscomputer stores the systemuser interface (Ul) softwareand allows the operator tointerface with and direct theinstrument software. TheUniCel Dxl 800 System usesenzyme immunoassays(utilizing paramagneticparticle solid phase and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">for determination of variousanalytes, such as Vitamin B12,Ferritin, Folate and hTSH along withother various enzymeimmunoassays assays that may beadaptable to the analyzerdepending on the reagent used toinduce the enzyme immunoassayreaction. The UniCel Dxl 800System is an in vitro diagnosticdevice for use in the clinicallaboratory.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">chemiluminescent detection)for the quantitative, semi-quantitative or qualitativedetermination of variousanalyte concentrations foundin human body fluids. TheUniCel Dxl 800 System is an invitro diagnostic device for usein the clinical laboratory.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MainAutomationConnectionSoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prep Link software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remisol software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Page 5-7 Confidential   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Processor connected toBeckman Coulter UniCel® Dxl 800Access Immunoassay Systemwith Ferritin assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxA 5000 connected toBeckman Coulter UniCel® Dxl800 Access® ImmunoassaySystem with Ferritin assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beckman CoulterAccess® Ferritinassay Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Access Ferritin assay is aparamagnetic particle,chemiluminescent assay for thequantitative determination offerritin levels in human serum andplasma (heparin) using the AccessImmunoassay Systems.Measurements of ferritin aid in thediagnosis of diseases affecting ironmetabolism.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Access Ferritin assay is aparamagnetic particle,chemiluminescentimmunoassay for thequantitative determination offerritin levels in human serumand plasma (heparin) using theAccess Immunoassay Systems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Processor connected toBeckman Coulter UniCel® Dxl 800Access® Immunoassay Systemwith Folate assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxA 5000 connected toBeckman Coulter UniCel® Dxl800 Access® ImmunoassaySystem with Folate assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beckman CoulterAccess® Folateassay Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Access Folate assay is aparamagnetic particle,chemiluminescent immunoassayfor the quantitative determinationof folic acid levels in human serum,plasma (heparin) and red bloodcells using the Access ImmunoassaySystems. Folic acid measurementsare used in the diagnosis andtreatment of megaloblastic anemia.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Access Folate assay is aparamagnetic particle,chemiluminescentimmunoassay for thequantitative determination offolic acid levels in humanserum and plasma (heparin) orred blood cells using theAccess Immunoassay Systems.Folate levels in serum andplasma (heparin) or red bloodcells are used to assess folatestatus. The serum folate levelis an indicator of recent folateintake. A low RBC folate valuecan indicate a prolongedfolate deficiency.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Processor connected toBeckman Coulter UniCel® Dxl 800Access® Immunoassay Systemwith hTSH assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxA 5000 connected toBeckman Coulter UniCel® Dxl800 Access® ImmunoassaySystem with hTSH assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beckman CoulterAccess® hTSHassay Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Access HYPER sensitive hTSHassay is a paramagnetic particle,chemiluminescent assay for thequantitative determination ofhuman thyroid-stimulatinghormone (thyrotropin, hTSH) levelsin human serum using the AccessImmunoassay Systems.Measurements of thyroidstimulating hormone produced by</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Access TSH (3rd IS) assayis a paramagnetic particle,chemiluminescentimmunoassay for thequantitative determination ofhuman thyroid-stimulatinghormone (thyrotropin, TSH,hTSH) levels in human serumand plasma using the AccessImmunoassay Systems. This</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">the anterior pituitary are used inthe diagnosis of thyroid or pituitarydisorders.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">assay is capable of providing3rd generation TSH results.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Processor connected toBeckman Coulter UniCel® Dxl 800Access® Immunoassay Systemwith B12 assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DxA 5000 connected toBeckman Coulter UniCel® Dxl800 Access ImmunoassaySystem with B12 assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman CoulterAccess® B12assay Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Access Vitamin B12 assay is aparamagnetic particle,chemiluminescent assay for thequantitative determination ofvitamin B12 in human serum andplasma (heparin) using AccessImmunoassay Systems.Measurements obtained by thisdevice are used in the diagnosisand treatment of anemias ofgastrointestinal malabsorption.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Access Vitamin B12 assayis a paramagnetic particle,chemiluminescentimmunoassay for thequantitative determination ofvitamin B12 levels in humanserum and plasma (heparin)using the Access ImmunoassaySystems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleIdentification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barcode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Summary of Performance Data

The acceptance criteria were met for all method comparisons thereby demonstrating the following:

Equivalence between the predicate lab automation system Power Processor and the candidate one, DxA 5000 in terms of the DTS barcode identification process. Equivalence between the predicate lab automation system Power Processor and the candidate one, DxA 5000 in terms of pre-analytical processing.

A method comparison study was performed utilizing CLSI EP09 for the following assays; TSH (3rd IS) Ferritin, Folate and B12. For all method comparisons, results were within the specifications when the candidate was compared to the predicate.

The above referenced assays are representative of the assay methodologies available for use with the connected system, however performance is not limited to use with these assays.

Performance data from testing shows that all software design, development and verification activities have been completed, and supports a finding of substantial equivalency of DxA 5000 to the Power Processor Sample Processing System.