May 13, 2019

Velano Vascular   
Tiffini Wittwer   
Consulting Director of Regulatory Affairs   
221 Pine St #200   
San Francisco, California 94104

Re: K190604 Trade/Device Name: PIVO™ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA Dated: April 12, 2019 Received: April 15, 2019

Dear Tiffini Wittwer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

for Tina Kiang, Ph.D Director DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors OHT3: Office of Gastrorenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K190604

Device Name PIVOTM

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary (K190604):

<table><tr><td>Submitter:</td><td>Velano Vascular 221 Pine St #200 San Francisco CA 94104</td></tr><tr><td>Date Prepared</td><td>April 3, 2019</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person:</td><td>Tiffini Wittwer, MPH Consulting Director of Regulatory Affairs Phone: 707.799.6732 E-mail: tdiage@raechelon.com</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Name:</td><td>PIVOTM</td></tr><tr><td>Common Name:</td><td>Blood specimen collection device</td></tr><tr><td>Classification:</td><td>Class II</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code:</td><td>JKA per 21CFR 862.1675</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate Device(s): Device Description:</td><td>The subject device is equivalent to the following devices: K163508 - PIVOTM The PIVOTM device is a sterile, single use device. It is a</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>needle- free blood collection device that attaches to a peripheral IV (PIV) catheter system. The device is comprised of an inner tube with a pusher/slider, proximal flexible tube with female luer, outer housing and clip-to-connect distal end. The clip-to-connect attaches to the PIV system. The female luer attaches to a blood transfer device or syringe. The inner tube is then advanced to collect a blood sample. Once complete, the inner tube is retracted, and the device is removed from the PIV. The device is available in three sizes, 20, 22, and 24 gauge.</td></tr><tr><td>Indication for Use:</td><td>The PIVOTM device attaches to a peripheral IV catheter system for use as a direct blood draw device into a vacuum tube or a syringe.</td></tr><tr><td>Reason For Submission: Technological</td><td>Line extension to include a 24G compatible size device. Additional changes since last 510(k) clearance include dimensional change to 20G device and material change to non- patient contacting component in 20G and 22G device. The PIVOTM device attaches to a PIV system via a clip-to- connect attachment. Once attached, a slider is moved forward</td></tr></table>

and the diameter of the inner tube for compatibility to various PIV gauges, dimensional change to the 20G inner tube to reduce stiffness and the change in material in the proximal tube. The 20G has pink features and the largest inner tube, the 22G has blue features, and the 24G has yellow features and the smallest inner tube.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIVOTM 24G(Subject Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIVOTM 20G and22G(Predicate Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis ofdifferences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) NumberDecision Date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K190604</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K163508</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Velano Vascular, Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JKA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JKA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The PIVOTM deviceattaches to a peripheral IVcatheter system for use asa direct blood draw deviceinto a vacuum tube or asyringe.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The PIVOTM device isattached to a peripheral IVcatheter for use as a directblood draw device into avacuum tube or a syringe.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wording change wasmade for clarity anddoes not change theintended use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venous blood drawing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patient Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Separately placedcommercially availableperipheral IV catheter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV Attachment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clip-to-Connect</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood CollectionAttachment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Female Luer to BloodTransfer Device or Syringe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood ControlMechanism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cap on female luer andclamp on flexible tubing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tubing(distal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TransparentFlexible</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proximal TubeMaterial(no patient contact)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pebax Vestimide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pebax</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance testing(leak testing, jointstrength, hemolysis)demonstrated thatthis material changedoes not affect the</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">effectiveness of thesubject device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible PIVSizes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24G</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14G - 22G</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV compatibilitydemonstrates that thesubject device iscompatible withsmaller (24G) PIVsystems and there isno additional risk tosafety andeffectiveness. Thereis no change tocompatibility withlarger G devices.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yellow</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20G Pink22G Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inner TubingLength</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">141.2mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Outer Diameter(OD) of Distal InnerTubing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 gauge = 0.400mm max</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 gauge = 0.709mm max22 gauge = 0.543mm max</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV compatibilitytesting anddimensional testingdemonstrate that thedifference does notcreate additional riskto safety andeffectiveness of thesubject device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wall Thickness ofDistal Inner Tubing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 G wall = 0.0575mm +/-0.01mm20 G wall = 0.070mm +/-0.01mm22 G Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 G wall = 0.089mm +/-0.01mm22 G wall = 0.0635mm +/-0.01mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance testing(hemolysis, flowrate, kink resistance)demonstrate thatthere are noadditional risks tosafety andeffectiveness of thesubject device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample collection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device attaches to femaleluer of PIV system, tubeinserted into PIV, blood isdrawn through tube into ablood transfer device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CompleteRetraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterilization Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gamma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Use Only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Risk Analysis:</td><td>A risk analysis was performed for the modifications done for the subject device, in accordance to ISO 14971:2012 Medical Devices  Applications of Risk Management to Medical Devices and Velano Vascular Risk Management SOP. Possible risks were identified which resulted from the gauge size. Based on risk identification, verification and validation activities were carried out to ensure the risk acceptability criteria have been met and the risks have been mitigated. All testing was performed on sterilized product.</td></tr><tr><td>Performance Testing: • • •</td><td>Based on the risks identified, the following tests were performed on the 24G: Leak testing Dimensional testing Joint strength testing PIV compatibility testing Flow rate testing Hemolysis testing Shelf life testing Biocompatibility testing per ISO 10993-1 Biological</td></tr><tr><td>Summary of Substantial Equivalence:</td><td>testing within a risk management process The changes made to the previously cleared PIVOTM devices does not raise different questions regarding the safety and effectiveness of the device. 24G PIVOTM is substantially equivalent to the predicate 20G and 22G devices. This conclusion is based upon the devices&#x27; identical intended use, similar indications for use, principles of operation, fundamental scientific technology, patient contacting materials, and performance specifications. The changes made were tested using the same acceptance criteria as the predicate device and demonstrated that there are no new risks and the device is substantially equivalent.</td></tr></table>