July 8, 2019

Kawasumi Laboratories, Inc.   
$\%$ Lisa Michels   
Regulatory Compliance Associates, Inc. (RCA) 10411 Corporate Drive, Suite 102   
Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin 53158

Re: K190485 Trade/Device Name: Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA Dated: June 6, 2019 Received: June 11, 2019

Dear Lisa Michels:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

for Nikhil Thakur Assistant Director DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors OHT3: Office of Gastrorenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Manufacturer: Kawasumi Laboratories, Inc.

Address:   
Shinagawa Intercity Tower B, 9th Floor   
2-15-2, Konan, Minato-Ku,   
Tokyo, 108-6109, Japan

Corresponding Official/Contact: Lisa L. Michels, J.D., M.S.O.L.Q Regulatory Consultant

Telephone Number: (602)-935-2565 Email: l.michels@rcainc.com

Summary Date: July 3, 2019

Trade Name: Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH)

Common or Usual Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675

Regulation Name: Blood specimen collection device

Product Code: JKA

Class: Class 2

Panel: Clinical Chemistry

Predicate Device: Becton Dickinson BD Vacutainer® Brand Multiple Sample Luer Adapter / BD Vacutainer® Safety-Lok Blood Collection Set with Pre-Attached Holder (K991088)

# Device Description:

The Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH) is a sterile, singleuse device consisting of a plastic holder with a non-patient contacting stainless steel cannula covered with a rubber sheath and a male luer adapter which is attached into the holder. This device is used to collect blood specimen by connecting to female luer connectors of vascular access devices such as peripheral, central catheter, Huber needle, etc. As this device can be connected to various devices with female luer adapter, it is called “multiple sample adapter”.

When blood is collected, the blood collection tube is placed over the cannula, pushing the rubber sheath back, allowing blood flow. After obtaining the correct amount of blood, the blood collection tube is removed from the holder. When the blood collection tube is removed, the rubber sheath extends back over the cannula and stopping blood flow. Blood collection may be continued by connecting additional blood collection tubes, if required.

The device is sterilized using Ethylene Oxide. The device is a prescription-use device intended to be used in hospitals or healthcare facilities.

# Indications for Use:

The Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH) is a sterile, noninvasive device used for connection with a female luer system and non-needle devices in order to collect blood specimen to blood collection tube.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature of theDevice</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device:Kawasumi Multiple SampleAdapter with Pre-AttachedHolder (MBCH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Predicate:BD Vacutainer® BrandMultiple Sample LuerAdapter / BD Vacutainer®Safety-Lok Blood CollectionSet with Pre-Attached Holder(K991088)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discussion/Comment:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JKA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JKA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1675</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1675</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Uses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single-Use Rx Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single-Use Rx Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hub: Polycarbonate (PC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hub: Polystyrene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biocompatibility Testingand PerformanceTesting was conductedto demonstrate SE.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannula: Stainless Steel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannula: Stainless Steel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glue: Epoxy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glue: Epoxy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Silicon: Silicon Oil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Silicon: Silicon Oil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheath: Isoprene RubberNot made with NaturalRubber Latex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheath: Isoprene RubberNot made with NaturalRubber Latex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Holder: Polypropylene (PP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Holder: Polypropylene (PP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biocompatibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complies with ISO 10993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complies with ISO 10993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SterilizationMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylene Oxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylene Oxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Kawasumi MultipleSample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH) isa sterile, non-invasivedevice used for connectionwith a female luer systemand non-needle devices inorder to collect bloodspecimen to bloodcollection tube.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Vacutainer BrandMultiple Sample LuerAdapter / BD Vacutainer®Safety-Lok Blood CollectionSet with Pre-Attached Holderis a sterile, non-invasivedevice used to connectvenous access device suchas needles, blood collectionsets, and infusion sets toblood collection tubes. Theyare also used in connectionwith non-needle devices forcollection of blood fromcatheters. The VacutainerBrand Luer Adapter is soldby itself and as a componentof other Vacutainer Branddevices.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similar-The differenceis in the name of thedevice, this does notraise any questions ofsafety or effectiveness.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Design Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gauge: 20GLength: 64.1 mmWidth (A): 31.1 mmWidth (B): 23.6 mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gauge: 20GLength: 64.3 mmWidth (A): 30.5 mmWidth (B): 24.9 mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-ClinicalPerformance Testingwas conducted todemonstrate SE.</td></tr></table>

# Technological Characteristics:

The Subject Device and the Predicate Device have similar technological characteristics. Both devices are sterile, single-use, non-invasive devices with a Pre-Attached Holder used for connection with a female luer system and non-needle devices in order to collect blood specimen to blood collection tube.

The Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adaptor with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH) (Subject Device) is substantially equivalent to the Becton Dickinson Vacutainer Brand Multiple Sample Luer Adapter / BD Vacutainer® Safety-Lok Blood Collection Set with Pre-Attached Holder (K991088) (Predicate Device) with regard to technologic characteristics, materials, performance and intended use.

# Non-Clinical Testing:

Non-Clinical Performance Testing was performed to ensure that the device meets design requirements and specifications and to confirm performance of the Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adaptor with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH).

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">Test Name                                          Test DescriptionComparative Evaluation Testing was conducted to verify that theComparative             Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached HolderTesting                     (MBCH) has equivalent function and performance as thepredicate device, the Becton Dickinson BD Vacutainer® Safety-Lok Blood Collection Set with Pre-Attached Holder (K991088).This Comparative Evaluation Testing assessed the followingcriterion of the subject and predicate devices:Appearance and MeasurementAttachment and DetachmentPressure ResistanceConnection StrengthVacuum Tube Insertion and RemovalChemical Resistance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ComparativeTesting</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">predi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">licate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf LifeEvaluation</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Physical Testing - Accelerated Aging Testing was conductedon the Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-AttachedHolder (MBCH)[0 Month] / [6 Months] and [36 Months].Chemical Testing - Accelerated Aging Testing was conductedon the Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-AttachedHolder (MBCH)[0 Month] and [36 Months].</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Physical TestingAccelerated Aging[0 Month][6 Months][36 Months]</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Physical Testing - Accelerated Aging Testing was conducted onthe Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder(MBCH) to ensure the functionality, performance, quality, andsafety of the device to demonstrate substantial equivalence to thepredicate device. Physical Testing on the Ethylene Oxide (EtO)Sterilized Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-AttachedHolder for [0 Months] / [6 Months] and [36 Months] aging byassessing the following:Packaging Study / Stability TestTransportation per ISTA 2AAppearance per ISO 11607-1 2006/Amd.1:2014Seal Strength per ISO 11607-2: 2006/Amd.1:2014Dye Test per ISO 11607-2: 2006/Amd.1:2014Physical Study / Stability TestLeakage per IS0 1135-3: 2016 5.2Tensile Strength per IS0 1135-3: 2016 5.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">[0 Months][36 Months]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">safety of the device to demonstrate substantial equivalence to thepredicate device. The following items were assessed on the [0Months] and [36 Months] aging samples, per IS0 1135-3:2016.Reducing matterMetal ionsTitration acidity and alkalinityNonvolatile residueAbsorbance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SterilizationProduct Adoption</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 11135:2014-Sterilization of Health Care Products - EthyleneOxide - Requirements for the Development, Validation andRoutine Control of a Sterilization Process for Medical Devices.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Sterility Testing was performed according to UnitedStates Pharmacopeia &lt;71&gt; Stability Test.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EO Residuals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Residual Gas &amp; Chemical Testing was conducted on theKawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder(MBCH) to ensure the functionality, performance, quality, andsafety of the device per ISO 10993-7: Biological Evaluation ofMedical Devices Part 7 - Ethylene Oxide Sterilization Residualsincluding:Chemical Testing - Residual Gas &amp; Chemical Testing[0 Months]Chemical Testing[36 Months]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ParticulateContaminationTesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Particulate Contamination Testing was conducted on theKawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder(MBCH) to ensure the functionality, performance, quality, andsafety of the device to demonstrate substantial equivalence to thepredicate device. This Particulate Contamination Testing wasconducted per ISO 1135-3:2016, Item 5.1 on MBCH withaccelerated aging at 55°C, 138 days for real-time equivalent [36Months]. The test procedure follows Annex A.1 of ISO 1135-3:2018.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Packaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Packaging Integrity Testing was conducted to verify the integrityof the packaging. The tests included:Transportation Test (ISTA 2A)Appearance Test (ISO 11607-1:2006/Amd.1:2014)Seal Strength Test (ISO11607-2:2006/Amd.1:2014)Dye Test (ISO11607-2:2006/Amd.1:2014)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luer Fitting Testing(Conformance toiSO 80369-7:2016)[0 Months]36 Months]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luer Fitting Testing [0 Months] and Luer Fitting Testing [36Months] was conducted in accordance with IS0 80369-7:2016 -Small-Bore Connectors for Liquids and Gases in HealthcareApplications -- Part 7: Connectors for Intravascular or HypodermicApplications to confirm that the products produced based on theoutput of the design conform to the needs of the user and theintended use. The dimensions of the MBCH were measured toverify the parts of the MBCH were within the tolerance range andconform the standard.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biocompatibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biocompatibility Testing was conducted on the Kawasumi MultipleSample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH) in accordancewith ISO 10993-1:2009 (Fourth Edition 2009-10-15) BiologicalEvaluation of Medical Devices - Part 1: Evaluation and TestingWithin a Risk Management Process including:</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>Cytotoxicity for Systemic Toxicity Hemocompatibility Testing per ASTM F756-17 Standard Practice for Assessment of Hemolytic Properties of</td><td>Cytotoxicity Testing per ISO 10993-5:2009 Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices - Part 5: Tests for In Vitro Sensitization Testing per IS0 10993-10:2010 Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices - Part 10: Tests for Irritation and Skin Sensitization Irritation or Intracutaneous Reactivity Testing per ISO 10993-10:2010 Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices - Part 10: Tests for Irritation and Skin Sensitization Acute Systemic Toxicity Testing per ISO 10993-11:2017 Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices - Part 11: Tests for Systemic Toxicity Material-Mediated Pyrogenicity Testing per USP General Chapter &lt;151&gt; Pyrogen Test and ISO 10993-11:2017 Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices - Part 11: Tests</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

Based on the Non-Clinical Performance Testing conducted on the subject device, intended use, and priciples of operation it may be concluded that the Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH) (Subject Device) is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed Predicate Device.