July 26, 2019

Horiba ABX SAS   
Caroline Ferrer   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Parc Euromedecine, Rue du Caducee – BP7290   
Montpellier Cedex 4, 341184   
France

Re: K191396 Trade/Device Name: Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS, Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffe Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1145 Regulation Name: Calcium Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CJY, CGX Dated: May 22, 2019 Received: May 24, 2019

Dear Caroline Ferrer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffe

# Indications for Use (Describe)

cn  lc (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).

measuring other urine analytes.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Tburen  olctionoatio tataverhours scl tie to eviw instructions,searh existingdata sources gatherand maintain he data needed an coplet an review the collection information.Send comments regarding this burden estimateorany other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# SECTION 007 : 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 1- Date of Summary

Date submitted : $2 2 ^ { \mathrm { { n d } } }$ May, 2019   
Revised Date submitted : $2 3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ July,2019

# 2- Company

HORIBA ABX SAS HORIBA MEDICAL Parc Euromédecine Rue du Caducée – BP 7290 34184 Montpellier cedex 4 France

# 3- Contact person

Contact Person: Caroline Ferrer (caroline.ferrer@horiba.com)   
Telephone: $^ +$ (33) 4 67 14 1843   
Fax: $^ +$ (33) 4 67 14 1517

4- Product Name Yumizen C1200 C1200 Calcium AS (1300047910) Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé (1300023842)

# 5- Device Name and Classification

Intended use

The devices involved by the 510(k) submission file are the following :

# • Classification and Description

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device&#x27;s names</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Calcium AS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS reagent is a diagnostic reagent forquantitative in vitro determination of calcium in human serum, plasma andurine based on colorimetric method, using the clinical chemistry analyzer.Measurement of calcium is used in the diagnosis and treatment ofparathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease andtetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Creatinine Jaffe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé reagent is a diagnostic reagent forquantitative in vitro determination of Creatinine in human serum, plasmaand urine based on a kinetic method using alkaline picrate (Jaffé method).Creatinine measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of renaldiseases, in monitoring renal dialysis, and as a calculation basis formeasuring other urine analytes.</td></tr></table>

Trade/Proprietary Name:   
Device Class:   
Classification Name:   
Product Code:   
Panel:

Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS Class II / 510(k) required $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 1 4 5$ : Calcium test system CJY Clinical Chemistry (75)

Trade/Proprietary Name:   
Device Class:   
Classification Name:   
Product Code:   
Panel:

Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé Class II / 510(k) required $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 2 2 5$ : Creatinine test system CGX Clinical Chemistry (75)

# 6- Substantial Equivalence Information

The following tables show the similarities and differences and demonstrates substantial equivalence between the candidate device and its predicate device identified below.

# a. Predicate Device Name and ${ \displaystyle 5 1 0 ( { \bf k } ) }$ number

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate510(k)number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Calcium AS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Pentra Calcium AS CPOn ABX Pentra 400 / PentraC400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HORIBA ABX SAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K123171</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Creatinine Jaffe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Pentra Creatinine 120 CPOn ABX Pentra 400/ PentraC400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HORIBA ABX SAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K110530</td></tr></table>

The following tables show the similarities and differences and demonstrates substantial equivalence between the candidate device and its predicate device identified below.

# b. Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS (1300047910)

i. Comparison with predicate Device : Similarities   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate K123171</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra Calcium AS CPOn ABX Pentra 400 / Pentra C400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS(1300047910)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufactured by</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HORIBA ABX SAS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HORIBA ABX SAS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostic reagent for quantitative in vitrodetermination of calcium in human serum,plasma and urine based on a colorimetricmethod, using the ABX Pentra 400Clinical Chemistry analyzer. Measurementof calcium is used in the diagnosis andtreatment of parathyroid disease, a varietyof bone diseases, chronic renal disease andtetany (intermittent muscular contractionsor spasms).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostic reagent for quantitative invitro determination of calcium in humanserum, plasma and urine based oncolorimetric method, using the clinicalchemistry analyzer. Measurement ofcalcium is used in the diagnosis andtreatment of parathyroid disease, avariety of bone diseases, chronic renaldisease and tetany (intermittent muscularcontractions or spasms).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma, urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colorimetry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf-life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents, in unopened cassettes, are stableup to the expiry date on the label if storedbetween 2-8°C, protected from light</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stable up to the expiry date on the labelif stored at 2-8°C.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring RangeSerum/Plasma:4.0 - 18.05 mg/dLUrine:0.64  18.05 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring RangeSerum, Plasma:1.00 -4.50 mmol/Lor4.0- 18.05 mg/dLUrine:0.16 - 4.5 mmol/Lor0.64 -18.05 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic post-dilution:Serum/plasma:up to 13.50 mmol/Lor 54.15 mg/dLwith Automatic post-dilution.Urine:up to 13.50 mmol/Lor 54.15 mg/dLwith the automatic post-dilution.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic post-dilution:Serum/ Plasma:up to 13.5 mmol/Lor 54.15 mg/dLwith the automatic post-dilution.Urine:up to 13.5 mmol/Lor 54.15 mg/dLwith the automatic post-dilution.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/Plasma:8.6 -10.3 mg/dLUrine :Male: &lt;300 mg/24hFemale : &lt;250 mg/24h</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/Plasma :8.6-10.2 mg/dLUrine :Men: &lt; 300 mg/24hWomen: &lt; 250 mg/24h</td></tr></table>

# ii. Comparison with predicate Device: Differences

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate K123171</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra Calcium AS CPOn ABX Pentra 400 / Pentra C400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS(1300047910)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra 400 / Pentra C400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yumizen C1200 Clinical chemistryanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX PENTRA Multical</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yumizen C1200 Multical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra N Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yumizen C1200 N Multi Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra P Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yumizen C1200 P Multi Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra Urine Control L/H</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yumizen C1200 Urine Level 1 Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yumizen C1200 Urine Level 2 Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Packaging &amp;Number of tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma: 285 testsUrine : 285 tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma: 6 x 290 testsUrine: 6 x 290 tests</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On board Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Once opened, the reagent cassette placedin the refrigerated ABX Pentra 400compartment is stable for 70 days.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Once opened, the reagent cassette placedin the refrigerated compartment is stablefor 6 weeks.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Discussion on the analysis differences : 1. Instrument: Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS is used on Yumizen C1200 (See 2.)</td></tr><tr><td>2. Controls: 2 separate levels of controls for Yumizen C1200 Urine Level 1 and Level 2( same for ABX Pentra)</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>3. Packaging : Candidate offers more number of tests than the predicate.</td></tr><tr><td>4. Reagent stability: the on board stability of Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS is shorter.</td></tr><tr><td>Stability depends on the reagent composition and cassette capacity.</td></tr></table>

# c. Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé

# i. Comparison with predicate Device : Similarities

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate K110530</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Pentra Creatinine 120 CPOn ABX Pentra 400/ Pentra C400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé(1300023842).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostic reagent for quantitative in vitrodetermination of Creatinine in humanserum, plasma and urine based on a kineticmethod using alkaline picrate (Jaffémethod). Creatinine measurements areused in the diagnosis and treatment ofrenal diseases, in monitoring renal dialysis,and as a calculation basis for measuringother urine analytes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostic reagent for quantitative invitro determination of Creatinine inhuman serum, plasma and urine based ona kinetic method using alkaline picrate(Jaffé method). Creatinine measurementsare used in the diagnosis and treatment ofrenal diseases, in monitoring renaldialysis, and as a calculation basis formeasuring other urine analytes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufactured by</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HORIBA ABX SAS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HORIBA ABX SAS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma, urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colorimetry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring RangeSerum/Plasma:0.22 to 18.08 mg/dLUrine:2.90 to 282.50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring RangeSerum, plasma:20 μmol/L to 1600 µmol/Lor0.23 to 18.08 mg/dLUrine:261 µmol/L to 25000 µmol/Lor3 to 282.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Automatic post-dilution: Serum, plasma: up to 4800 µmol/L or 54.24 mg/dL with the automatic post-dilution. Urine: up to 75000 µmol/L or 847.5 mg/dL with the automatic post-dilution</td><td>Automatic post-dilution: Serum, plasma: up to 4800 µmol/Lor 54.24 mg/dL with the automatic post-dilution. Urine: up to 75000 µmol/L or 847.5 mg/dL with the automatic post-dilution.</td></tr><tr><td>Reference range</td><td>Serum, plasma: Men 7.0 - 12.0 mg/L 0.70- 1.20 μmol/L 62 - 106 µmol/L Women 5.0 - 9.0 mg/L 0.50-0.90 μmol/L 44 - 80 μmol/L Urine (24 hours): Men 14 - 26 mg/kg/day 124 - 230 µmol/kg/day Women</td><td>Serum, plasma: Men 7.0 - 12.0 mg/L 0.70- 1.20 µmol/L 62 - 106 µmol/L Women 5.0 - 9.0 mg/L 0.50-0.90 μmol/L 44 - 80 μmol/L Urine (24 hours)</td></tr></table>

# ii. Comparison with predicate Device: Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate K110530</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Pentra Creatinine 120 CPOn ABX Pentra 400/ Pentra C400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé(1300023842).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Pentra 400 Clinical ChemistryAnalyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Clinical chemistryanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Pentra N Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 N Multi Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Pentra P Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 P Multi Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Pentra Urine Control L/H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Urine Level 1 Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Urine Level 2 Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Pentra Multical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Multical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 x 315 tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette of :R1= 27.5 mLR2= 8 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette of :R1: 6 x 32 mLR2: 6 x 11 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 μL/test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 μL/test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In unopened cassettes,stable up to 36 monthsif stored at 2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable up to the expiry date on the labelif stored at 2-8°C.Store protected from light.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On board Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened, the reagent cassette placedin the refrigerated (2-8°C)ABX Pentra 400 compartment is stable:19 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened, the reagent cassette placedin the refrigerator compartment (2-8°C)is stable for :7 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The reagent is calibrated on Day 0. Thecalibration stability is checked by testing 2control specimens.The calibration stability is at least 3 days.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The reagent is calibrated on Day 0. Thecalibration stability is checked by testing2 control specimens.The calibration stability is 24 hours.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Discussion on the analysis differences :1. Instrument: Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé is used on Yumizen C12002.Packaging: Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé offers more reagent per cassette including more numberof tests that depends on packaging and cassette capacity.3.Reagent stability: the on board stability of Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé is shorter but has longershelf-life when un-opened. Stability depend on reagent composition and cassette capacity.</td></tr></table>

# 7- Special Control/Guidance Document Referenced

# a. Standards Followed

The following standards & FDA guidance documents have been used to support this submission:

# CLSI Guidelines:

• CLSI EP05-A3:Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures– Third Edition - October 2014   
• CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures – Second Edition - June 2012 CLSI EP09-A3: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Biais Estimation Using Patient Samples– Third Edition - August 2013   
• CLSI EP06-A: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative measurement Procedures A Statistical Approach – First Edition – April 2003 CLSI C28-A3: Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical laboratory- Third Edition – November 2008   
• CLSI EP25-A : Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic reagents- First EditionSeptember 2009

# b. FDA Guidances Followed

Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff : Format for Traditional and Abbreviated $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } ) \mathrm { s } - 2 0 0 5$ Refuse To Accept (RTA) Policy for 510(k) – Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff Document issued on: February 21, 2019.   
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff : eCopy Program for Medical Device Submissions – 2015

# c. Others Guidances followed

• Valtec guideline (Vassault et al., Ann. Biol. Clin., 1986, (44), 686-745)

# 8- Analytical Performance Characteristics

# 8.1 Measuring Range

# Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS

The limit of detection and quantitation was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP17-A2.   
The reagent linearity was determined according to CLSI guideline EP06-A.   
The limit of quantitation and the linearity studies showed that claimed measuring range is appropriate.

# Results :

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofdetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of quantitation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum /plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12 mmolor0.48 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14 mmol/Lor0.57 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 to 4.84 mmol/Lor0.00 to 19.40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 - 4.50 mmol/Lor4.0 -18.05 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum/plasmaPost-dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 13.5 mmol/Lor54.15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 13.5 mmol/Lor54.15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 mmol/Lor0.24 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16 mmol/Lor0.64 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 to 4.84 mmol/Lor0.00 -18.60 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16 to 4.5 mmol/Lor0.64 -18.05 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UrinePost-dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 13.5 mmol/Lor54.15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 13.5 mmol/Lor54.15 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé

The limit of detection and quantitation was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP17-A2.   
The reagent linearity was determined according to CLSI guideline EP06-A.   
The limit of quantitation and the linearity studies showed that claimed measuring range is appropriate.

Results :   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofdetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of quantitation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum /plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.83 μmolor0.04mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μmol/Lor0.23 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 2226.59 µmol/Lor0.00- 25.16 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 -1600 μmol/Lor0.23 - 18.08 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum/plasmaPost-dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Until 4800 µmol/L ororUntil 54.24 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Until 4800 µmol/LorUntil 54.24 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.91 μmol/Lor0.93 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235.61 μmol/Lor2.66 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 to 26896.10 µmol/Lor0 to 303.93 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>261 to 25000 µmol/Lor3 to 282.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UrinePost-dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Until 75000 µmol/Lor875.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Until 75000 µmol/Lor875.5 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# 8.2 Accuracy and Precision

Repeatability (within-run precision) and Reproducibility (total precision)

# Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS

# Serum/Plasma :

Within run : CV limits, for the low $( 1 . 8 \mathrm { m m o l / L } )$ , middle (2.4 mmol/L) and high level (3.4 mmol/L) are $1 . 2 \%$   
Total precision: CV limits, for the low (1.8 mmol/L), middle (2.4 mmol/L) and high level (3.4 mmol/L) are $1 . 6 \%$ .

Section 007. 510(k) summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Instrument(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200N Multi Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200P Multi Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr></table>

Although the $\% \mathrm { C V }$ of Total Precision is superior to the Acceptance criteria for some samples, the pvalue with $5 \%$ acceptable remains acceptable for all the samples tested.

# Urine :

Within run $:$ CV limits, for the low $( 1 . 0 \mathrm { m M } )$ , middle $( 2 . 5 \mathrm { m M } )$ and high level $( 4 . 0 \mathrm { m M } )$ are $3 . 0 \%$ . Total precision: CV limits, for the low $( 1 . 0 \mathrm { m M } )$ , middle $( 2 . 5 \mathrm { m M } )$ and high level $( 4 . 0 \mathrm { m M } )$ are $4 . 0 \%$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Instrument(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Urine Level 1Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Urine Level 2Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr></table>

The results are within the specifications.

# Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé

# Serum/Plasma :

Within run $:$ CV limit, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $4 . 5 \%$ , $3 . 4 \%$ and $1 . 8 \%$ .

Total precision $:$ CV limit, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $6 . 0 \%$ , $4 . 5 \%$ and $2 . 4 \%$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(μmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Instrument (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200N Multi Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200P Multi Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>463.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>580.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1006.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1465.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr></table>

Although the $\% \mathrm { C V }$ of Total Precision is superior to the Acceptance criteria for some samples, the pvalue with $5 \%$ acceptable remains acceptable for sample 5.

# Urine :

Within run : CV limit accepted, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $4 . 5 \%$ , $3 . 8 \%$ and $3 . 8 \%$ for urine.

Total precision $:$ CV limit accepted, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $6 . 0 \%$ , $5 . 0 \%$ and $5 . 0 \%$ for urine.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(μmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between- Instrument(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Urine Level 1Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5344</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Urine Level 2Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>492</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12692</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr></table>

Although the $\% \mathrm { C V }$ of Total Precision is superior to the Acceptance criteria, the p-value with $5 \%$ acceptable remains acceptable for the sample 1.

# 8.3 Interferences

The Interferences were determined according to the CLSI guideline EP07-A2. The acceptable bias is defined at $+ / - 1 0 \%$ of the value without interfering substances. These data in the following table represent the highest values for which no interferences higher than $10 \%$ have been observed.

# Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Serum/plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.66 mmol/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>562μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>410 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcetylsalicylicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.62 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.16 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.98 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1324 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.19mmol/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>454 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>328μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.98 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1463.4 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Serum/plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.80 mmol/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>507.50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>397μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.24 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>635μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcetylsalicylicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.72 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.87 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.49 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1324μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>682 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Proteins</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>36 to 101 g/L</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.50 mmol/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>393.75 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DirectBilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>537μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.39mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.98 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# 8.4 Matrix comparison on predicate device

# Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS

Study materials :

Anticoagulant : heparin-lithium Samples: individual donors

# Description :

108 plasma samples were evaluated on Yumizen C1200 analyzer using Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS reagent and with the Horiba Pentra C400 analyzer with Horiba Pentra reagent (Predicate device).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passing Bablok</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.9423</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr></table>

# Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé

Study materials :

Anticoagulant $:$ heparin-lithium Samples: individual donors from blood bank

# Description:

69 plasma samples were evaluated on Yumizen C1200 analyzer using Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé reagent and with the Horiba Pentra C400 analyzer with Horiba Pentra reagent (Predicate device).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passing Bablok</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium( μmol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1618.880</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7.102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+1.087</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr></table>

Conclusion : This study shows that heparin lithium plasma samples are validated for these applications.

# 8.5 Method comparison with a predicate device

# Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS

# Serum/Plasma :

This study has been carried out using recommendations found in the CLSI EP-9A3 guidance. Correlation of Calcium measurement with the Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS reagent on Yumizen C1200.   
166 native serum samples have been assayed in duplicate, in ascendant order and descendant order on 6 working days.   
The equation for the regression line using Passing Bablok was obtained.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passing Bablok</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation - r2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.976</td></tr></table>

# Urine :

This study has been carried out using recommendations found in the CLSI EP-9A3 guidance. Correlation of Calcium measurement with the Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS reagent on Yumizen C1200.

105 native serum samples have been assayed in duplicate, in ascendant order and descendant order on   
5 working days.

The equation for the regression line using Passing Bablok was obtained.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passing Bablok</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation - r2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.1381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9436</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td></tr></table>

# Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé

# Serum/Plasma :

This study has been carried out using recommendations found in the CLSI EP-9A3 guidance. Correlation of Creatinine assay with the Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé reagent on Yumizen C1200. 131 native samples have been assayed in duplicate, in ascendant order and descendant order on 5 working days.

The equation for the regression line using Passing Bablok was obtained.

Section 007. 510(k) summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passing Bablok</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation - r2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>( μmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1233.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9633</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td></tr></table>

# Urine :

This study has been carried out using recommendations found in the CLSI EP-9A3 guidance.

Correlation of Creatinine assay with the Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé reagent on Yumizen C1200. 48 native samples have been assayed in duplicate, in ascendant order and descendant order on 5 working days.

The equation for the regression line using Passing Bablok was obtained.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passing Bablok</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation - r2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>436.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22858.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-41.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+09483</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr></table>

# 8.6 Reagent Stability

# 8.2.1 Closed stability

The closed stability was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP25-A.

Calcium :

Stability before opening: Stable up to the expiry date on the label if stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

The shelf life claim for HORIBA Medical reagent will be 24 months.

# Creatinine Jaffé :

Stability before opening: Stable up to the expiry date on the label if stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Store protected from light.

The shelf life claim for HORIBA Medical reagent will be 24 months in Yumizen C1200 container.

# 8.6.2 Open stability

The open stability was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP25-A.

On board reagent Stability:

• The reagent stability claim for the Yumizen C1200 Calcium AS is 6 weeks The reagent on Board stability claim for Yumizen C1200 Creatinine Jaffé is 7 days.

# 8.7 Reference range

The Reference Range was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP28-A3.

Calcium :

# Serum/Plasma:

40 “normal samples” from blood bank have been assayed with the method in evaluation. Each sample is assayed in duplicates.

Study performed on 2 different working days: 20 samples / day.

The mean of the duplicate results for each subject was compared against reference ranges cited in literature. The verification studies support in the following reference ranges which were established through literature

Normal range – Calcium Adults: 2.15 – 2.55 mmol/L / 8.6 – 10.2 mg/dL.

Reference:   
Roberts WL, McMillin GA, Burtis CA, Bruns DE. Reference Information for the Clinical Laboratory, TIETZ Textbook of Clinical Chemistry and Molecular Diagnostics. 4th Ed; Burtis CA, Ashwood ER, Bruns   
DE, (Elsevier Saunders eds. St Louis, USA), (2006): 2258.

# Urine :

Normal range Calcium Women $< 2 5 0 \mathrm { m g } / 2 4 \mathrm { h }$ (6.24 mmol/24 h) Men $< 3 0 0 \mathrm { m g } / 2 4 \mathrm { h }$ (7.49 mmol/24 h)

Reference:   
Thomas L. Clinical Laboratory Diagnostics. 1st ed. Frankfurt: TH-Books Verlagsgesellschaft; 1998. p. 231–241

# Creatinine Jaffé :

# Serum/Plasma :

Men :

35 “normal samples” from blood bank have been assayed with the method in evaluation. Each sample is assayed in duplicates.   
Study performed on 2 different working days.

The mean of the duplicate results for each subject was compared against reference ranges cited in literature. The verification studies support in the following reference ranges which were established through literature

62 -106 µmol/L / 7 -12 mg/dL.

Reference:

Mazzachi BC, Peake MJ, Ehrhard V. Reference range and method comparison studies for enzymatic and Jaffe creatinine assays in plasma and serum and early morning urine. Clin. Lab. (2000) 46: 53-55.

Women :

25 “normal samples” from blood bank have been assayed with the method in evaluation. Each sample is assayed in duplicates.   
Study performed on 2 different working days.

The mean of the duplicate results for each subject was compared against reference ranges cited in literature. The verification studies support in the following reference ranges which were established through literature

44 -80 µmol/L / 5 -9 mg/dL.

Reference:

Mazzachi BC, Peake MJ, Ehrhard V. Reference range and method comparison studies for enzymatic and Jaffe creatinine assays in plasma and serum and early morning urine. Clin. Lab. (2000) 46: 53-55.

# Urine :

Normal range Creatinine - Urine (24 hours):

Men Women 14 - 26 mg/kg/day 11 - 20 mg/kg/day 124 - 230 μmol/kg/day 97 - 177 μmol/kg/day

Reference :   
Roberts WL, McMillin GA, Burtis CA, Bruns DE. Reference Information for the Clinical Laboratory, TIETZ Textbook of Clinical Chemistry and Molecular Diagnostics. 4th Ed; Burtis CA, Ashwood ER, Bruns DE, (Elsevier Saunders eds. St Louis, USA), (2006): 2264.

# 8.8 Proposed Labeling

The labeling is written as per the recommendations given in standard EN18113-2.   
It takes into account the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# 8.9 Conclusions for Performance Testing

The performance testing data conclude that the safety and effectiveness of the devices are not compromised, and that they met all acceptance criteria, demonstrating that each device is substantially equivalent to its predicate device.