February 4, 2020

Kurin, Inc   
Neal Hartman   
VP, Regulatory Affairs/Quality Assurance   
10840 Thornmint Road, Suite 111   
San Diego, California 92127

Re: K191832 Trade/Device Name: Kurin Blood Culture Collection Set with Kurin Lock Technology, Push-Button Needle (Product models M-21221, M-21223, D-21221, D-21223, T-21221, T21223) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA Dated: January 3, 2020 Received: January 6, 2020

Dear Neal Hartman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

for Geeta Pamidimukkala Assistant Director DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors OHT3: Office of Gastrorenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Kurin Blood Culture Collection Set with Kurin Lock Technology, Push-Button Needle (Product models M-21221, M-21223, D-21221, D-21223, T-21221, T-21223)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# kurin

# 510(K) SUMMARY – K191832

# Submitter Information

Company Name: Company Address:

Kurin, Inc.

10840 Thornmint Road Suite 111 San Diego, CA 92127

Company Phone: Contact Person:

(888) 963-9056

Bob Rogers Chairman and CEO bobrogers@kurin.com

Date:

February 3, 2020

Device Identification Device Trade Name:

Kurin Blood Culture Collection Set with Kurin Lock Technology, Push-Button Needle

Common Name: Product Models:

Blood Collection Set

M-21221 - Kurin Blood Culture Collection Set with Kurin Lock Technology, 21Ga Push Button Needle, Compatible with BioMerieux Bottles   
M-21223 - Kurin Blood Culture Collection Set with Kurin Lock Technology, 23Ga Push Button Needle, Compatible with BioMerieux Bottles   
D-21221 - Kurin Blood Culture Collection Set with Kurin Lock Technology, 21Ga Push Button Needle, Compatible with BD & Thermo Fisher Long-Neck Bottles   
D-21223 - Kurin Blood Culture Collection Set with Kurin Lock Technology, 23Ga Push Button Needle, Compatible with BD & Thermo Fisher Long-Neck Bottles   
T-21221 - Kurin Blood Culture Collection Set with Kurin Lock Technology, 21Ga Push Button Needle, Compatible with Thermo Fisher Short-Neck Bottles   
T-21223 - Kurin Blood Culture Collection Set with Kurin Lock Technology, 23Ga Push Button Needle, Compatible with Thermo Fisher Short-Neck Bottles

Classification Name(s):

Tubes, Vials, Systems, Serum Separators, Blood Collection

Classification Regulation(s): 8

Class II

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(K)Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClearanceDate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kurin Blood Culture Collection Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1675 - Tubes, Vials, Systems,Serum Separators, BloodCollection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JKA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K162233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/23/2016</td></tr></table>

# Device Description

The Subject Device is a sterile, single-use blood culture collection set. The blood collection set incorporates a venipuncture needle assembly that is connected with flexible tubing to a blood lock mechanism that is connected by flexible tubing to a blood collection holder. Blood collection is accomplished by inserting the venipuncture needle into the patient’s peripheral vascular system. Blood will travel up the lumen into the blood lock mechanism where the initial draw of blood (approximately $0 . 1 5 ~ \mathsf { m l }$ ) is held in a side chamber. The purpose of the side chamber is to automate the initial specimen diversion volume method (ISDVM). Once the side chamber volume is retained, the blood upon connection to a vacuum bottle continues to travel up the lumen to the blood collection holder into the attached blood culture bottle/vial.

The Subject Device’s venipuncture needle assembly incorporates an active, semi-automatic needlestick safety design where the safety mechanism is activated via a button on the needle hub. When the safety mechanism is activated, a protective shield is deployed. It advances distally to cover the entire length, including the distal tip, of the venipuncture needle. The protective shield is locked in this position protecting the clinician/patient from needlestick injuries. Silicone coating is applied to the outside of the venipuncture needle, which aids in the insertion into the peripheral vascular system.

The Subject Device incorporates various blood collection holders to interact with various types of vacuum-based collection vials. (The blood collection holders were cleared in : K912563, K081229 and K950432)

# Indications for Use

The Kurin Blood Culture Collection Set is a winged blood collection needle with flexible tubing intended for venipuncture to obtain blood samples. It is provided with a safety shield for covering the used venipuncture needle prior to disposal to aid in the prevention of needlestick injury if manually activated after the blood draw. For blood collection, the set also includes a blood collection holder for connection to vacuum-based collection vials.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison Table - Subject and Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ComparisonFeature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Kurin Blood Culture Collection Set is awinged blood collection needle with flexibletubing intended for venipuncture to obtainblood samples. It is provided with a safetyshield for covering the used venipunctureneedle prior to disposal to aid in theprevention of needlestick injury if manuallyactivated after the blood draw. For bloodcollection, the set also includes a bloodcollection holder for connection to vacuum-based collection vials.Note: The change in the terminology from</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Kurin Blood Culture Collection Set is awinged blood collection needle with flexibletubing intended for venipuncture to obtainblood samples. It is provided with a safetyshield for covering the used venipunctureneedle prior to disposal to aid in theprevention of needlestick injury if manuallyactivated after the blood draw. For bloodcollection, the set also includes a safetyshield and apparatus for connection tovacuum-based collection vials.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparisoneature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">"safety shield and apparatus" to "bloodcollection holder" in the device componentdoes not impact safety and effectiveness.Both terms are referencing the same devicecomponent. Three is no change in thedevice component design.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Infusion indication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method ofsterilization, SAL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylene Oxide, SAL 10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylene Oxide, SAL 10-6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needlestickmechanism type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active, semi-automatic (i.e., push button) -Activation is achieved by depressing aspring activated buttonNote: The change from the Predicate doesnot impact safety or effectiveness of thedevice. The push-button design providesprotection prior to use with a needle tipprotector and covers the needle uponactivation after use. Performance testing inthe 510(k) submission supports its safety.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active, manual (i.e. slide) - Activation isachieved by manually sliding a shield overthe needle</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Gauge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 &amp; 23Note: Not offering the 25 Ga needleconfiguration does not impact the safety andeffectiveness.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21, 23, &amp; 25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Length</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 Inch</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 Inch</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Length</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 Inches</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 Inches</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood CollectionHolder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saf-T Holder Device (MFG: Smith Medical)Vacutainer One-Use Holder (MFG: BD)Monoject Safety Collection Device (MFG:Covidien)Note: The additional blood collection holdersdoes not impact the safety or effectiveness.Each blood collection holder works in thesame and interfaces with the standardcollection vial however each holder isdesigned to interface specifically with itsmanufacturer's culture collection bottle. Allholders are design with shielding to theneedle and are FDA cleared.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saf-T Holder Device (MFG: Smith Medical)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterile barrierpackaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thermoform Tray/Tyvek Lidding StockNote: The change from the Predicate doesnot impact safety or effectiveness. The traysterile barrier packaging was successfullytested to same transportation and sealintegrity performance standards conducted</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyvek/Poly Pouch</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ComparisonFeature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">with the predicate. Results are incorporatedin the 510(k) submission and does notimpact safety or effectiveness.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principles ofoperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venipuncture needle accesses the patient'svascular system then blood flows up to theblood lock mechanism where the first 0.15mlof blood is held in a side chamber and thenblood is directed into the collection lumen.The collection container is connected to ablood collection holder where blood iscollected. Needlestick safety mechanism isactivated to protect against needlestickinjuries.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venipuncture needle accesses the patient'svascular system then blood flows up to theblood lock mechanism where the first 0.15mlof blood is held in a side chamber and thenblood is directed into the collection lumen.The collection container is connected toblood collection holder where blood iscollected. Needlestick safety mechanism isactivated to protect against needlestickinjuries.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf-Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-monthNote: The difference in the shelf-life is notbased on performance There is not impactto safety or effectiveness.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-year initially, currently 2-year</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Evaluations Performed

The following evaluations were conducted to support the 510(k) submission:

• Sterilization (product adoption per AAMI TIR 28   
• Biocompatibility   
• Pyrogenicity Performance/Stability o Needle Performance  Stiffness test  Resistance to breakage  Resistance to corrosion Device Performance  Functionality  Leakage  Flow Rate Needlestick Safety Mechanism  Tensile Strength Packaging Integrity  Visual Inspection  Gross Leak (Bubble Emission) Dye Penetration Seal Strength (Peel)

Performance related to blood collection holder and compatibility with blood culture bottles

The following guidance documents and recognized performance standards were utilized in the development of the subject device:

ISO 10993-1:2018 - Biological evaluation of medical devices - Part 1: Evaluation & testing within a risk process   
ISO 1135-3: 2016 - Transfusion Equipment for medical use – Part 3: Blood-taking sets for single use   
ISO 7864:2016 – Sterile hypodermic needles for single use – Requirements and test methods   
ISO 9626:2016 –- Stainless steel needle tubing for the manufacture of medical devices – Requirements and test methods   
ISO 23908:2011 – Sharps injury protection – Requirements and test methods - Sharps protection features for single-use hypodermic needles, introducers for catheters, and needles used for blood sampling   
ISO 11135:2014 – Sterilization of health-care products — Ethylene oxide — Requirements for the development, validation and routine control of a sterilization process for medical devices   
ISO 11607-1:2006 – Packaging for terminally sterilized medical devices — Part 1: Requirements for materials, sterile barrier systems and packaging systems   
FDA Guidance – Medical Devices with Sharps Injury Prevention Features (8/9/2005) FDA Guidance – Submission and Review of Sterility Information in Premarket Notification (510(k)) Submissions for Devices Labeled as Sterile (1/21/2016)

# Conclusion

The Subject Device has demonstrated it is substantially equivalent to the commercially available predicate device based on the intended use and performance testing conducted on the subject device.