August 16, 2019

Nova Biomedical Corporation Cesidio Tempesta   
Regulatory Affairs Manager 200 Prospect St.   
Waltham, MA 02454

Re: K191626 Trade/Device Name: Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1145 Regulation Name: Calcium test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JFP, CHL, CFA, GKF Dated: June 17, 2019 Received: June 18, 2019

Dear Cesidio Tempesta:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

51O(k) Number (if known) k191626

Device Name Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use by health care professionals in clinical laboratory settings for the quantitative determination of pH, Hematocrit, Ionized Calcium and Ionized Magnesium in heparinized venous whole blood, and pH, Ionized Calcium and Ionized Magnesium in plasma and serum.

Ionized Calcium (iCa) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety ofbone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).

Ionized Magnesium (iMg) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of hypomagnesemia (abnormally low levels of magnesium) and hypermagnesemia (abnormally high levels of magnesium).

pH measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.

Hematocrit measurements of the packed red blood cell volume are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services   
Food and Drug Administration Office   
of Chief Information Officer Paperwork   
Reduction Act (PRA) Staff   
PRAStaff@fda. hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

510(K) Owner: Nova Biomedical Corporation   
Registration Number: 1219029   
Address: 200 Prospect St.   
Waltham, MA 02454   
Phone: 781-894-0800   
Fax Number: 784-891-4806   
Contact Person: Cesidio Tempesta, Regulatory Affairs Manager Date Prepared: June 14, 2019   
510k Number: k191626

Proprietary Name: Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer System

Common or Usual Name: Blood Gas/Electrolyte Analyzer

Classification Name: Multiple

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Names:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reg. No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ⅡI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFP</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Chemistry (75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnesium Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1495</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I, reserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Gases and Blood pH system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ⅡI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.6400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology (81)</td></tr></table>

Product Codes: CHL, JFP, CFA, GKF

Predicate Devices:

K110648 - Nova Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Blood Gas Analyzer

# Device Description:

The Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer is a small, low cost blood electrolyte analyzer. It consists of the analyzer, sensor cartridges, and thermal paper for an onboard printer. Optionally, it provides for reading of barcode labels (such as operator badges and data sheets).

The Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer has an enhanced test menu and multiple quality control options. External Control Solutions (ampules) shall be offered, as well as an on-board Quality Management System (QMS), an electronic monitoring approach that insures the analyzer is working properly.

The Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer can accommodate either of two sensor cards in the sensor card housing. The analyzer will determine the test configuration of the system by detecting which sensor card is installed.

The two options for the sensor card are:

Sensor Card 1 (Basic Electrolyte Panel plus Hct) shall enable and report the following listed analytes: Hct, Na, K, Cl   
Sensor Card 2(Full Electrolyte Panel plus pH & Hct) shall enable and report the following listed analytes: pH, Hct, Na, K, Cl, iCa, iMg

As with the predicates, the Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer is microprocessor-based and incorporates ion selective electrode technology to measure pH, ionized calcium, ionized magnesium.

The Prime ES Comp Plus can be configured with an optional sample tray, which allows the user to run up to 10 consecutive samples. Tray samples may be any combination of Serum/Plasma or control solutions. Whole Blood samples may only be run in STAT Mode (not tray mode).

Calibration standards are provided in sealed pouches within a calibrator pack. Liquid quality control materials are available as external ampules. Sampling and calibration are fully automated.

The Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer accepts lithium heparinized whole blood sample from syringes, open tubes, and small cups. The minimum sample sizes for analysis is $1 0 0 \mu \ L$ .

# Measured Parameters:

The Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer measures iCa, iMg, pH, and Hct,.

# Calculated Parameters:

From the directly measured results, the following calculated results are available:

Normalized Calcium, nCa   
 Normalized Magnesium, nMg   
 Ratio of nCa/nMg   
 Hb pH (patient temperature corrected)

# Intended Use:

The Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use by health care professionals in clinical laboratory settings for the quantitative determination of pH, Hematocrit, Ionized Calcium and Ionized Magnesium in heparinized venous whole blood, and pH, Ionized Calcium and Ionized Magnesium in plasma and serum.

# Indication for Use:

Ionized Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).

Ionized Magnesium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of hypomagnesemia (abnormally low levels of magnesium) and hypermagnesemia (abnormally high levels of magnesium).

pH measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.

Hematocrit measurements of the packed red blood cell volume are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis.

# Summary of the Technological Characteristics:

The Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared for market Nova Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Blood Gas Analyzer System in intended use. It uses the same sensor technology and measurement algorithms, and the formulations of the external controls and the calibration cartridge are the same for the tested parameters. The linearity standards and External Control solutions for use with the Stat Profile Prime ES Comp

Plus Analyzer are substantially equivalent to those cleared for use with the predicate Nova Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Blood Gas Analyzer System (K110648).

Table 2-1: Comparison of Predicate and Proposed devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Blood Proposed Stat Profile Prime ES CompGas Analyzer (K110648)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Blood Proposed Stat Profile Prime ES CompPlus Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication For Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The STP pHOx Ultra Analyzer withoutCO-Oximeter is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use by health careprofessionals and/or point-of-care usagein the quantitativedetermination of pH, PCO2, PO2, SO2%,Hematocrit (Hct), Hemoglobin (Hb) inheparinized whole blood; Na+, K+, Cl-,Ca++, Mg++, Glucose (Glu), Lactate(Lac), BUN (Urea), and Creatinine (Creat)in heparinized whole blood, serum, orplasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Stat Profile Prime ES Comp PlusAnalyzer System is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use by health careprofessionals in clinical laboratorysettings for the quantitative determinationof pH, Hematocrit, Ionized Calcium andIonized Magnesium in heparinizedvenous whole blood, and pH, IonizedCalcium and Ionized Magnesium inplasma and serum.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium or lithium heparinized wholeblood, serum, or plasma samples fromsyringes, open tubes, small cups, andcapillary tubes can be used on the STPpHOx Ultra Analyzer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium heparin whole blood, serum andplasma samples from syringes, opentubes, and small cups</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volumes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-210µL dependent on selected testpanel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa(Ca*)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10 - 2.70 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20 - 2.70 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iMg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 - 1.5 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500- 8.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12% - 70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principles of Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa (Ca)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium ion-selective sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iMg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnesium ion-selective sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrogen ion-selective glass sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Impedance Sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Touch Screen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1&quot; LCD, 1024x768 pixel, ResistiveTouch</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7&quot; VGA full color display with LEDbacklight and integrated touch panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully configurable test menu based onabove sensors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bar Code Scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External (optional) 1D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Integrated 1D/2D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Printer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2&quot; Roll, Thermal Transfer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pump</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peristaltic Pump w/ Pressure Plate, TPETubing (Pharmed BPT)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analog Board</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision low level analog front end w/amperometric and potentiometricamplifiers, air detector circuitry andtemperature control circuitry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Testing:

Performance testing was completed to demonstrate that the Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer is substantially equivalent in performance, safety and efficacy to the predicate Nova Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Blood Gas Analyzer (K110648).

The performance testing included:

Method Comparison Studies   
 Precision/Reproducibility Studies   
 Run to Run Precision Linearity Testing Specificity / Interference Testing Detection Limit Shelf Life Stability Testing

The results of the testing confirmed that the performance of the Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer System is substantially equivalent to that of the Nova Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Blood Gas Analyzer (predicate device).

# Conclusion:

The results of performance verification testing confirmed that the Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer is safe and effective for its intended purpose and that the Stat Profile Prime ES Comp Plus Analyzer System is substantially equivalent to that of K110648 - Nova Stat Profile pHOx Ultra Blood Gas Analyzer (predicate device).