MFB Fertility, Inc.   
$\%$ Mary Vater   
Quality & Regulatory Consultant Medical Device Academy, Inc. 345 Lincoln Hill Rd.   
Shrewsbury, VT 05738

Re: K191462 Trade/Device Name: Proov Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1620 Regulation Name: Progesterone Test System Regulatory Class: Class I, meets the limitation to the exemption 21 CFR 862.9(a) and 862.9(b) Product Code: QKE Dated: January 22, 2020 Received: January 23, 2020

Dear Mary Vater:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) K191462</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td></tr></table>

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR §807.92:

# I. Submitter

MFB Fertility Inc.   
1630A $3 0 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Street PMB 143   
Boulder, CO 80301   
Tel: +1-720-507-6699   
Sponsor Person: Amy Beckely Email: Amy $@$ mfbfertility.com Date Prepared: February 24, 2020

II. Contact Mary Vater, Medical Device Academy, Inc. 345 Lincoln Hill Rd. Shrewsbury, Vermont, 05738, USA Tel: +1.523.6988 Email: mary@fdaecopy.com

# III. Device

510(k) Number: K191462   
Name of Device: Proov Test   
Classification Name: Progesterone Test System   
Regulation: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 6 2 0 $   
Regulatory Class: Class I   
Classification Code: QKE

# IV. Predicate Device

510(k) Number: K040923 Device Name: IBL Progesterone LIA Test Manufacturer: IBL GMBH

# V. Device Description

The Proov Test is intended for measuring pregnanediol glucuronide (PdG) in first morning urine during the luteal phase of the monthly female reproductive cycle. The Proov Test is a disposable lateral flow test strip, consisting of a test area and control area. The urine sample is applied to the strip by dipping. The sample moves by lateral flow into the test area, and then the control area. The test area has PdG-specific reagents impregnated on it to detect the present of PdG in the urine. The control area has antibodies impregnated to be used as internal control for proper assay function. The test strip is intended for use outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and provides qualitative results with a single red line indicating a positive result for PdG and two red lines indicating a negative result for PdG in urine. Women can use Proov Test at multiple times during their menstrual cycle to confirm ovulation.

# VI. Indications for Use

Proov test is intended for the detection of pregnanediol glucuronide (PdG, the major urine metabolite of progesterone) in urine and can be used as an aid for confirmation of ovulation.

# VII. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

The following characteristics were compared between the subject device and the predicate device in order to demonstrate substantial equivalence:

Indications for Use – The predicate and subject devices intended for the purposes of ovulation confirmation. Materials – The Proov Test is an IVD made of materials commonly found in lateral flow IVD devices. Biocompatibility is not of concern for IVD devices. Design – The subject device has the same technological characteristics as the use of the competition principle and use of antigen to compete for the binding site of the targeted antibody. Energy Source – The subject device is an analog IVD device and therefore no energy source is needed. Performance Testing – Analytical testing was performed on the subject device to demonstrate that the Proov Test accurately and reproducibly measures PdG. • Clinical Testing - Clinical testing was performed on the subject device to demonstrate tha the Proov Test accurately confirms ovulation and that users are able to reach accurate conclusions when compared to expert analysis of the test results.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proov Test (Subject Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IBL Progesterone LIATest</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comments onSubstantial Equivalence</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proov test is intended for thedetection of pregnanediolglucuronide (PDG, the majorurine metabolite ofprogesterone) in urine and canbe used as an aid forconfirmation of ovulation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luminescenceimmunoassay for the invitro diagnosticquantitative measurementof active freeprogesterone (a femalehormone) in saliva.Measurements obtainedby this device may beused in the diagnosis andtreatment of disorders ofthe ovaries and can beused as an aid forconfirmation of ovulation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The devices are both usedfor the confirmation ofovulation.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody and AntigenNitrocellulose MembraneColloidal Gold Conjugate PadSample Pad</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microtiter Platecoated with rabbitanti-mouse antibodyProgesteroneAntiserum (mouseanti-progesteroneantibody)Standards A-G (0,20, 25, 50, 100, 300,and 1000 pg/mL);progesterone inbuffer with BSA andstabilizersControls Level I andI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Proov Test is an IVDmade of materialscommonly found inlateral flow IVD devices.Biocompatibility is not ofconcern for IVD devices.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Buffer (Trisbuffer with BSA andstabilizers)Enzyme Conjugate(alkaline phosphate[calf] conjugate withstabilizers)ChemiluminescenceReagent AP (acridanbased substrate)Wash Buffer (Trisbuffer with Tweenand stabilizer)Adhesive Foil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro diagnostic deviceconsisting of disposablelateral flow test strip,consisting of a test area andcontrol area. The urine sampleis applied to the strip bydipping. The sample moves bylateral flow into the test area,and then the control area. Thetest area has PdG-specificreagents impregnated on it todetect the presence ofhormone metabolites in urine.The test strip is intended foruse outside of the body, andprovides qualitative resultswith a single red lineindicating a positive result forPdG and two red linesindicating a negative result forPdG in urine. Presence of PdGconfirms that ovulation hasoccurred.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device is an ELISA basedon the competition assayprinciple. An unknownamount of antigen presentin the sample and a fixedamount of enzyme labeledantigen compete for thebinding sites of theantibodies/antigens coatedonto the wells. Results ofsamples can bedetermined directly usingthe standard curve.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The subject device issimilar to the predicatedevice with use of thecompetition principle anduse of antigen to competefor the binding site of thetargeted antibody.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pregnanediol Glucuronide(PdG)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Progesterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The predicate measuresprogesterone and thesubject device measures aprogesterone metabolite,PdG.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral flowImmunoassay/competitionprinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELISAImmunoassay/competitionprinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoassay/competitionprinciple, thereforeequivalent.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saliva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Both are clinically validspecimens for targetedanalyte.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedPopulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For over-the-counter andprescription uses</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proov has beensuccessfully validatedwith lay-users.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reading</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visual, colloidal gold</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luminescence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject device is</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indicator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">qualitative and thepredicate isquantitative.Comparison of Proovvs. ELISA method tosupport equivalence.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PerformanceTesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision/ReproducibilityStudyTraceability ControlDetection LimitAnalyticalSpecificity/Interference/Cross-ReactivitySpecific Gravity and pHHook EffectComparison StudyLay User Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision/ReproducibilityLinearityTraceability ControlDetection LimitAnalytial SpecificityComparison Studies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The testing conductedwas similar for boththe predicate andsubject devices withthe exception that thepredicate devicerequired liniaritytesting, which is notapplicable to a lateralflow assay.</td></tr></table>

# VIII. Performance Characteristics

Analytical Performance

a. Precision Precision studies were conducted with male urine samples spiked with six (6) concentrations of PdG: $- 1 0 0 \%$ , $- 5 0 \%$ , $- 2 5 \%$ , cutoff, $+ 2 5 \%$ , and $+ 5 0 \%$ of the threshold were run in replicates of ten (10) each within one assay run to determine within-lot precision. Between lot reproducibility was determined by replicate measurements of ten (10) different urine samples in three (3) different lots. Between technician reproducibility was determined in ten (10) different test runs of three (3) different technicians. The results obtained are summarized in the following table

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PDGConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%(0 ug/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%(2.5 ug/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%(3.75 ug/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off(5 ug/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%(6.25 ug/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%(7.5 ug/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results/Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 + /90 -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 +/90 -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 + /90 -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 + /49 -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 +/0 -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 +/0 -</td></tr></table>

The cut-off value of $5 \mathrm { u g / m L }$ is verified for the device.

b. Linearity Not applicable, these are visually read devices.

c. Traceability The tests calibrated against PdG standards.

d. Shelf Life The devices are stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ (39-86F) for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study at $4 2 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ .

e. Detection Limit (sensitivity) 5 ug/ml PdG

# f. Interference/Cross Reactivity

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to negative male urine and male urine spiked with PdG $2 5 \%$ above the cut-off level.

These urine samples were tested using three batches of the device. The following compounds showed no interference at the concentrations shown as summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 mIU/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mIU/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progesterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregnanediol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 ug/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estone-3-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentisic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrite Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenothiazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/dl</td></tr></table>

# g. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathrm { p H }$ , negative urine samples and urine spiked with PdG $2 5 \%$ above cut-off levels with a 1.000 to 1.025 specific gravity or urine samples with $\mathsf { p H 4 . 2 5 }$ to 9 were used. These samples were tested using three batches of device. Results were all positive for samples above the $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off and all negative for negative samples.

# h. Hook Effect.

Negative urine samples were spiked with PdG at concentrations of ranging from $5 0 \mathrm { u g / m l }$ to 1 $\mathrm { m g / m l }$ . Three lots of the devices were tested. The results demonstrated that no hook effect was observed at PdG concentrations up to $1 \mathrm { m g / m l }$

i. Comparison studies:

The method comparison studies for the Proov Test were compared to a validated PDG EIA procedure. The PDG content from 94 urine samples collected from apparently healthy females individuals were assessed by both methods. All samples were blind- labeled and Proov Tests results were read by three different technicians. Proov results were compared to PDG ELISA results. Results are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proov Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lownegative byELISA (lessthan -50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byELISA(Between -50% and cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byELISA(Betweencut-off and+ 50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byELISA(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr></table>

j. Lay User Study:

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 101 lay persons testing the devices. They had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and were all women ranged in age from 18 to 65 years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking PdG into simulated urine. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 or 2 blind labeled sample and 1 or 2 devices. The results demonstrate that lay women can correctly read Proov results over $9 9 \%$ of the time (121 of the 121 samples).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PDG conc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% correctlyinterpreted</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. $9 2 \%$ of lay users indicated that the device instructions and testing were easy or very easy. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 8.

# IX. Conclusions

The overall performance data in this submission supports that the MFB Fertility, Inc. Proov Test is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.