October 7, 2019

Dexcom, Inc.   
Jacob Nardone   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 6340 Sequence Dr.   
San Diego, CA 92121

Re: K191833 Trade/Device Name: Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1355 Regulation Name: Integrated Continuous Glucose Monitoring System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QII Dated: July 8, 2019 Received: July 9, 2019

Dear Jacob Nardone:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (Dexcom G6 Pro System) is a real time continuous glucose monitoring device indicated for the management of diabetes in persons age 2 years and older in a home environment while under the supervision of a healthcare professional. The Dexcom G6 Pro System is intended to replace fingerstick blood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions. Interpretation of the real-time Dexcom G6 Pro System results should be based on the glucose trends and several sequential readings over time.

The Dexcom G6 Pro System may also be used as a retrospective glucose recording device indicated for assessing glycemic variability in persons age 2 years and older in a home environment while under the supervision of a healthcare professional. Retrospective interpretation of data recorded by the Dexcom G6 Pro System should be conducted solely by a healthcare professional.

The Dexcom G6 Pro System aids in detecting glucose excursions facilitating care plan adjustments. The Dexcom G6 Pro System is also intended to interface with digitally connected devices. The Dexcom G6 Pro System can be used alone or in conjunction with these digitally connected medical devices for managing diabetes or assessing glycemic variability.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K191833

# 5.1 SUBMITTER:

Dexcom, Inc. 6340 Sequence Dr. San Diego, CA 92121

Contact: Jacob Nardone Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Phone: 858.203.6337   
Fax: 858.332.0204   
Email: jacob.nardone@dexcom.com   
Secondary   
Contact: Holly Drake Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: 858.875.5326   
Fax: 858.332.0204   
Email: hdrake@dexcom.com

# 5.2 DEVICE NAMES AND CLASSIFICATION:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Integrated Continuous Glucose Monitoring System, FactoryCalibrated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1355</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QlI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Review Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# 5.3 PREDICATE DEVICE:

Dexcom G6 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (K191450)

# 5.4 DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

5.4.1 Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System

The Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring (G6 Pro) System is a continuous glucose monitor that offers an introduction to CGM for users who would benefit from the supervision of their qualified Healthcare Professional (HCP) during early or initial use of CGM. The predicate of the Dexcom G6 Pro CGM System is the Dexcom G6 CGM System. G6 Pro consists of three main components: a sensor/applicator delivery system, a transmitter, and a mobile application (app). The sensor/applicator is identical to the sensor/applicator used in the G6 CGM System (K191450). The sensor is a small and flexible wire inserted into subcutaneous tissue where it converts glucose into electrical current.

The G6 Pro Transmitter is connected to the sensor and is worn on the body. It samples the electrical current produced by the sensor and converts these measurements into glucose readings using an onboard algorithm. The G6 Pro Transmitter’s firmware includes an auto-start feature which enables the transmitter to start a session immediately upon attachment of the transmitter to the on-body wearable. The G6 Pro Transmitter can be used as a retrospective CGM data logger and it can also send realtime estimated glucose values to the G6 Mobile Application. The HCP selects which type of CGM session the patient receives (retrospective vs. real-time). The G6 Pro Transmitter Firmware supports a single-use 10-day sensor session per transmitter.

The G6 App displays the current glucose reading (updated every 5 minutes) and glucose trends (up to 24 hours) from the transmitter.

# 5.5 INDICATIONS FOR USE:

5.5.1 Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System

The Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (Dexcom G6 Pro System) is a real time continuous glucose monitoring device indicated for the management of diabetes in persons age 2 years and older in a home environment while under the supervision of a healthcare professional. The Dexcom G6 Pro System is intended to replace fingerstick blood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions. Interpretation of the real-time Dexcom G6 Pro System results should be based on the glucose trends and several sequential readings over time.

The Dexcom G6 Pro System may also be used as a retrospective glucose recording device indicated for assessing glycemic variability in persons age 2 years and older in a home environment while under the supervision of a healthcare professional. Retrospective interpretation of data recorded by the Dexcom G6 Pro System should be conducted solely by a healthcare professional.

The Dexcom G6 Pro System aids in detecting glucose excursions facilitating care plan adjustments. The Dexcom G6 Pro System is also intended to interface with digitally connected devices. The Dexcom G6 Pro System can be used alone or in conjunction with these digitally connected medical devices for managing diabetes or assessing glycemic variability.

# 5.6 COMPARISON WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE:

5.6.1 Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (subject device) to Dexcom G6 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (K191450)

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Dexcom G6 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (K191450)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System(subject device)</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexcom G6 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexcom, Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The System is an integrated continuous glucose monitoringsystem (iCGM) intended to automatically measure glucose inbodily fluids continuously or frequently for a specified period oftime. The System is designed to reliably and securely transmitglucose measurement data to digitally connected devices,including automated insulin dosing systems, and is intended to beused alone or in conjunction with these digitally connectedmedical devices for the purpose of managing a disease orcondition related to glycemic control.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Dexcom G6 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (DexcomG6 CGM System) is a real time, continuous glucose monitoringdevice indicated for the management of diabetes in persons age2 years and older.The Dexcom G6 System is intended to replace fingerstick bloodglucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions. Interpretationof the Dexcom G6 System results should be based on the glucosetrends and several sequential readings over time. The Dexcom G6System also aids in the detection of episodes of hyperglycemiaand hypoglycemia, facilitating both acute and long-term therapyadjustments.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System(Dexcom G6 Pro System) is a real time continuous glucosemonitoring device indicated for the management of diabetesin persons age 2 years and older in a home environment whileunder the supervision of a healthcare professional. TheDexcom G6 Pro System is intended to replace fingerstickblood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions.Interpretation of the real-time Dexcom G6 Pro System resultsshould be based on the glucose trends and several sequentialreadings over time.The Dexcom G6 Pro System may also be used as aretrospective glucose recording device indicated for assessing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexcom G6 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (K191450)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System(subject device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Dexcom G6 System is also intended to autonomouslycommunicate with digitally connected devices, includingautomated insulin dosing (AID) systems. The Dexcom G6 Systemcan be used alone or in conjunction with these digitallyconnected medical devices for the purpose of managing diabetes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">glycemic variability in persons age 2 years and older in a homeenvironment while under the supervision of a healthcareprofessional. Retrospective interpretation of data recorded bythe Dexcom G6 Pro System should be conducted solely by ahealthcare professional.The Dexcom G6 Pro System aids in detecting glucoseexcursions facilitating care plan adjustments. The Dexcom G6Pro System is also intended to interface with digitallyconnected devices. The Dexcom G6 Pro System can be usedalone or in conjunction with these digitally connected medicaldevices for managing diabetes or assessing glycemicvariability.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Management of diabetes mellitus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Management of diabetes mellitus or assessing glycemicvariability</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinicalsetting/sites ofuse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Home use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Home use (sensor insertion, transmitter attachment andretrospective glucose data download occurs in a clinic withthe supervision of a healthcare professional)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometric measurement of current proportional to glucoseconcentration in interstitial fluid via glucose oxidase chemicalreaction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Presented</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estimated Glucose Value (EGV): The EGV is the nominal glucosevalue presented to the user.Glucose Trend: Based off the glucose rate of change, users areshown their glucose trend with a corresponding arrow.Historical Glucose Data: Users can view their previous three, six,twelve, or twenty-four hours of glucose data.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connect to Dexcom Share: Users can share their glucose datawith followers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Factors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Easy to understand UI/UX.Commonly understood navigation tools and features.Color-coded graphics.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transmitter UseLife</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reusable (90 days)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-Use (10-day)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Supported CGMData Methods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-Time and Retrospective</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FactoryCalibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OptionalCalibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatibility withintendedenvironments</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Android OS version 7.0.0 - 9.0.0iOS 11.0.0 - 12.1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 5.7 TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The proposed Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System shares the same technological characteristics as the predicate Dexcom G6 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (K191450). Both Systems are used to measure glucose values via an amperometric measurement of current proportional to glucose concentration in interstitial fluid via a glucose oxidase chemical reaction.

# 5.8 SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE TESTING

The proposed Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System was verified and validated according to Dexcom’s internal design control process and in accordance with special controls for integrated continuous glucose monitors. This testing demonstrated that the system performed according to its specifications, and that the technological and performance criteria are comparable to the predicate device.

# 5.9 CONCLUSIONS

The Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System is a professional product designed to assist patients in a home environment better manage diabetes mellitus while under HCP supervision. The Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System may also be used as a retrospective glucose recording device that allows HCPs to assess glycemic variability of patients in a home environment. The Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the Dexcom G6 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System as they are identical with regard to intended use and there are no differences in indications, technological characteristics or performance that raise new questions of safety and effectiveness.