July 18, 2019

DreaMed Diabetes Ltd. Eran Atlas   
Co-Founder & CEO   
5 Mota Gur Street   
Petah Tikva, 4952701 Israel

Re: K191370 Trade/Device Name: DreaMed Advisor Pro Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1358 Regulation Name: Insulin therapy adjustment device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QCC Dated: May 20, 2019 Received: May 22, 2019

Dear Eran Atlas:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k191370

Device Name DreaMed Advisor Pro

Indications for Use (Describe)

DreaMed Advisor Pro is a decision-support software intended for assisting healthcare professionals in the management of patients with Type 1 diabetes who:

•use insulin pumps as their insulin delivery therapy;

• monitor their glucose levels using CGM and/or self-management blood glucose meter;

• are above the age of 6 and under 65 years old; and

DreaMed Advisor Pro is indicated for use by healthcare professionals when analyzing continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), self-monitoring blood glucose (SMBG) and pump data to generate recommendations for optimizing a patient’s insulin pump settings for basal rate, carbohydrate ratio (CR), and correction factor (CF); without considering the full clinical status of a particular patient. DreaMed Advisor Pro does not replace clinical judgement.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Pursuant to CFR 807.92, the following 510(k) Summary is provided:

1. (a) Submitter Address:

DreaMed Diabetes Ltd. 5 Mota Gur Street   
Petah Tikva   
4952701   
Israel

1. (b) Manufacturer Address:

DreaMed Diabetes Ltd. 5 Mota Gur Street   
Petah Tikva   
4952701   
Israel

Mfg. Phone:

Tel.: +972-52-3166684

Contact Person:

Mr. Eran Atlas

Date:

May $2 0 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ , 2019

2.

Device & Classification Name:

DreaMed Advisor Pro, which is an Insulin Pump Therapy Adjustment Calculator For Healthcare Professionals classified as Class 2 QCC, Regulation Number 21 CFR 862.1358

3.

# Predicate Device:

Trade/Device Name: DreaMed Advisor Pro   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1358   
Regulation Name: Insulin Therapy Adjustment Device   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Code: QCC   
DEN170043

4. Description:

DreaMed Advisor Pro is a software device that is designed to provide insulin therapy adjustment recommendations to physicians to assist in the management of diabetes for patients with Type 1 diabetes using an insulin pump, a continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) system and self-management blood glucose meter (SMBG).

The DreaMed Advisor Pro gathers and analyzes information inputted through qualified Diabetes Management Systems (DMS), which collects biological input information from various diabetes devices. Diabetes device information required and used by DreaMed Advisor Pro includes glucose readings (either CGM sensor readings and/or capillary blood glucose measurements), insulin dosing logs, and meal data during daily routine care.

Following data collection and analysis, the DreaMed Advisor Pro generates results containing summary data and recommendations for adjustments to the patient’s insulin therapy parameters, including basal insulin delivery rate(s), insulin to carbohydrate ratio and correction factor (insulin sensitivity). DreaMed Advisor Pro may also advise behavioral changes. Results are sent to a qualified Diabetes Management Systems, which displays results to physicians and a report provided by DreaMed Diabetes. The physician can approve, reject or change the recommendations and issue the updated treatment plan to the patient.

5. Environment of Use:

None

6. Intended Use and Indication for use:

DreaMed Advisor Pro is a decision-support software intended for assisting healthcare professionals in the management of patients with Type 1 diabetes who: •use insulin pumps as their insulin delivery therapy;

• monitor their glucose levels using CGM and/or self-management blood glucose meter;

• are above the age of 6 and under 65 years old; and • use rapid acting U-100 insulin analogs in their pump.

DreaMed Advisor Pro is indicated for use by healthcare professionals when analyzing continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), self-monitoring blood glucose (SMBG) and pump data to generate recommendations for optimizing a patient’s insulin pump settings for basal rate, carbohydrate ratio (CR), and correction factor (CF); without considering the full clinical status of a particular patient. DreaMed Advisor Pro does not replace clinical judgement.

7. Comparison of the indication for use

With respect to the indication for use we conclude that the differences in the indication for use of new version of DreaMed Advisor Pro do not affect the safety and effectiveness of the device and do not alter the intended the use of the devices.

8. Comparison of Technological Characteristics:

With respect to technology characteristics the new version of DreaMed Advisor Pro is substantially equivalent to its predicate device. DreaMed Diabetes believes that their device does not raise additional safety of efficacy concerns. At the end of this summary, a comparison table is provided.

9. Non-clinical tests

DreaMed Advisor Pro was validated pursuant to the Major Level of Concern requirements. Design validation testing and human factors study results confirmed that the DreaMed Advisor Pro performs according to the stated intended use. The Human Factors validation was documented according to FDA Guidance - Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices (February 3, 2016). Software evaluation consisted of functional testing performed pursuant to DreaMed’s software test plan. All test results fell within the pre-determined specification parameters and acceptance criteria.

Special controls were implemented and validated according to DreaMed software test plan.

In addition, DreaMed has performed retrospective tests between the predicate device and the subject device. Results show that the two devices present high level of agreement when comparing the recommendations of each version over similar data sets of patients. Thus, from the high rate of level of agreement we can conclude that if there is enough data with simulated-SMBG DreaMed Advisor Pro is making similar recommendations to pump settings as DreaMed Advisor Pro (DEN170043) would do. When there is not data enough data DreaMed Advisor Pro doesn't recommend to changes the pump settings. This is exactly the characteristics of DreaMed Advisor Pro (DEN170043) when there is not enough CGM data to make certain recommendation. Therefore, it can be concluded that DreaMed Advisor Pro is substantially equivalent to DreaMed Advisor Pro (DEN170043).

10. Clinical Tests:

Additional retrospective clinical study were performed to evaluate physicians’ strategies of adjustment of insulin pump settings based on glucometer and pump data alone for patients with type 1 diabetes and to compare results to automated recommendations given by the DreaMed Advisor Pro. The study involved 17 experts which reviewed data set of 15 patients. Recommendations were compared to examine the level of agreement between one expert to his colleague (total of 136 pairs) versus the level of agreement between DreaMed Advisor Pro recommendations and experts (total of 17 pairs). The study results show that the recommendations of the DreaMed Advisor Pro when is based on SMBG data alone were significantly as good as the recommendations of expert in the basal, CR and in the CF plan with regards to the direction of change. Therefore, the Advisor Pro recommendations could be considered similar to those given by Healthcare Professional who work at leading centers with a wealth of experience in the field of diabetes and who are especially familiar with diabetes technology devices

The following table compares these features and characteristics:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 2: Technological Characteristics Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Feature /Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assessment ofdifference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DreaMed Advisor Pro(subject device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DreaMed Advisor Pro(DEN 170043)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QCC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QCC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use (thegeneral purpose of thedevice or its function)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An Insulin pump therapyadjustment calculator forhealthcare professionals,intended to recommendinsulin pump therapyparameters adjustments(e.g. basal rates, insulinto carbohydrate ratios,insulin sensitivity factors)based on data fromexternal devices,including continuousglucose monitors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An Insulin pump therapyadjustment calculatorfor healthcareprofessionals, intendedto recommend insulinpump therapyparameters adjustments(e.g. basal rates, insulinto carbohydrate ratios,insulin sensitivityfactors) based on datafrom external devices,including continuousglucose monitors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for use(the disease orcondition the device willdiagnose, treat,prevent, cure ormitigate, including adescription of thepatient population forwhich the device isintended</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DreaMed Advisor Pro is adecision-supportsoftware intended forassisting healthcareprofessionalsin the management ofpatients with Type 1diabetes who:use insulin pumps astheir insulin deliverytherapy;monitor their glucoselevels using CGM and/orself-management bloodglucose meterare above the age of 6and under 65 years old;anduse rapid acting U-100insulin analogs in theirpumpDreaMed Advisor Pro isindicated for use byhealthcare professionalswhen analyzingcontinuousglucose monitoring(CGM), self-monitoring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DreaMed Advisor Pro is adecision-supportsoftware intended forassisting healthcareprofessionalsin the management ofpatients with Type 1diabetes who:use insulin pumps astheir insulin deliverytherapy;monitor their glucoselevels using either of thefollowing:0 CGM, oro CGM and self-management bloodglucose meterare above the age of 6and under 65 years old;anduse rapid acting U-100insulin analogs in theirpumpDreaMed Advisor Pro isindicated for use byhealthcare professionalswhen analyzing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Different(markedwithBOLD)</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Technological Characteristics Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Feature /Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assessment ofdifference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DreaMed Advisor Pro(subject device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DreaMed Advisor Pro(DEN 170043)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blood glucose (SMBG)and pump data togeneraterecommendations foroptimizing a patient&#x27;sinsulin pump settings forbasal rate, carbohydrateratio(CR), and correctionfactor (CF); withoutconsidering the fullclinical status of aparticular patient.DreaMed Advisor Prodoes not replace clinicaljudgment.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>continuousglucose monitoring(CGM), self-monitoringblood glucose (SMBG)and pump data togeneraterecommendations foroptimizing a patient&#x27;sinsulin pump settings forbasal rate, carbohydrateratio(CR), and correctionfactor (CF); withoutconsidering the fullclinical status of aparticular patient.DreaMed Advisor Prodoes not replace clinicaljudgment.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data inputs types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Continuous glucosemonitoring (CGM), self-monitoring blood glucose(SMBG) and pump data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Continuous glucosemonitoring (CGM), self-monitoring bloodglucose (SMBG) andpump data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Timeframe overwhich data inputsmust be collected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum numberof data pointsrequired foraccuraterecommendations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum of 12 validdays in order to performanalysis, where a validday is defined as a daythe consisted of:Minimum glucose dataper valid day:•  At least 67% of CGMsensor readings perday according to thesensor&#x27;s sample rate(i.e., for a sensor thatpresents glucosereadings every 5minutes at least 192samples are requiredand for that presentsglucose readings</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum of 12 validdays in order to performanalysis, where a validday is defined as a daythe consisted of:Minimum glucose dataper valid day:•  At least 67% of CGMsensor readings perday according to thesensor&#x27;s sample rate(i.e., for a sensor thatpresents glucosereadings every 5minutes at least 192samples are requiredand for that presentsglucose readings</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Different(markedwithBOLD)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Table 2: Technological Characteristics Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Feature /Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assessment ofdifference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>DreaMed Advisor Pro(subject device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>DreaMed Advisor Pro(DEN 170043)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>every 15 minutes atleast 64 samples), ORAt least 4 BGmeasurements a daythat are separatedfrom each other by aleast 160 minutes.Minimum insulin pump dataper valid day:•  At least 1 basal raterecordAt least 1 bolus recordIn addition, insulin pumpsettings at analysis must bewithin the following acceptablerange:•  Basal rate - Each ratein the basal plan iswithin 0.025-3 u/hCarbohydrate ratio -Each value in the CRplan is within 3-70gr/uCorrectionFactorEach value in the CFplan is within 10-280gr/uBolus      calculatortargets - Equal to orbelow 150 mg/dl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>every 15 minutes atleast 64 samples)Minimum insulin pump dataper valid day:At least 1 basal raterecordAt least 1 bolus recordIn addition, insulin pumpsettings at analysis must bewithin the following acceptablerange:•  Basal rate - Each ratein the basal plan iswithin 0.025-3 u/hCarbohydrate ratioEach value in the CRplan is within 3-70gr/uCorrectionFactorEach value in the CFplan is within 10-280gr/u•  Bolus      calculatortargets - Equal to orbelow 150 mg/dl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Input dataspecifications,includingaccuracyrequirements forcontinuousglucose monitorsand other devicesgenerating datainputs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Blood glucosemeters - Allmeters with</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=2>•  Blood glucosemeters - Allmeters withregulatoryapproval(dependent onlocation: EU /US/ Rest of theWorld [ROW])Insulin pump -All insulinpumps withregulatoryapproval(dependent onlocation: EU /</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>regulatoryapproval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>(dependent on</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>location: EU /US/ Rest of the</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>World [ROW])</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>World [ROW])</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=5>Insulin pump -All insulinpumps with</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>regulatory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>approval(dependent onlocation: EU /</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Technological Characteristics Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=6>Feature /Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assessment ofdifference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DreaMed Advisor Pro(subject device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DreaMed Advisor Pro(DEN 170043)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=6></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>US/ ROW),including thosewith lowglucosesuspend orpredicted lowglucosesuspendfeatures.ContinuousGlucosesensors - CGM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>US/ ROW),including thosewith lowglucosesuspend orpredicted lowglucosesuspendfeatures.ContinuousGlucosesensors - CGM</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>which hasreceivedregulatoryapproval fromauthorities,where as part</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>which hasreceivedregulatoryapproval fromauthorities,where as partof this approvalsafety and</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>of this approval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>safety and</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>efficacy data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>efficacy data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>was shown to</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>was shown to</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>verify accuracyof the CGMbelow MARD of15%.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>verify accuracy</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>of the CGMbelow MARD of15%.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=6>Device outputsand insulintherapyadjustmentrecommendations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•  Insulin therapy</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>•  Insulin therapyadjustment</td><td rowspan=20 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>adjustment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>recommendati</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>recommendati</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ons includebasal rate,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ons include</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>basal rate,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=15 colspan=6>type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>carbohydrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>carbohydrate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ratio (CR), and</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ratio (CR), and</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>correction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>correction</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>factor (CF);</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>factor (CF);</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>without</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>without</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>considering the</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>considering the</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>full clinical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>full clinical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>status of a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>status of a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>particular</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>particular</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>patient</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>patient</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Personal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•  Personal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>diabetes</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>diabetesmanagementtips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>management</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tips</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Technological Characteristics Comparison   

<table><tr><td>Feature /</td><td>Subject Device</td><td>Predicate Device</td><td>Assessment of</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic Clinical validity of</td><td>DreaMed Advisor Pro (subject device) The clinical validity of</td><td>DreaMed Advisor Pro (DEN 170043) The clinical validity of</td><td>difference Same</td></tr><tr><td>the device outputs and insulin therapy recommendations Means of data transmission to</td><td>the device output was evaluated in a retrospective study versus experts in the field of diabetes Data is transmitted from DMS to Advisor device</td><td>the device output was evaluated in a retrospective study versus experts in the field of diabetes Data is transmitted from DMS to Advisor device using SSL mechanism,</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>and from the device, including data integrity checks, accuracy checks, reliability checks, and security measures Usability</td><td>using SSL mechanism, JSON data structure. Integrity checks, accuracy checks, reliability checks are performed throughout the data transmission from the data system, to the algorithm and from the algorithm back to the data system The device has a graphical user interface</td><td>JSON data structure. Integrity checks, accuracy checks, reliability checks are performed throughout the data transmission from the data system, to the algorithm and from the algorithm back to the data system The device has a graphical user interface</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>which presents to the healthcare professional the report of the Advisor. The healthcare professional can review, edit and share the recommendations with the patient. The healthcare professional can review the glucose/insulin data that was used to generate the Advisor recommendations. The graphical user interface was evaluated in HF/UE</td><td>which presents to the healthcare professional the report of the Advisor. The healthcare professional can review, edit and share the recommendations with the patient. The healthcare professional can review the glucose/insulin data that was used to generate the Advisor recommendations. The graphical user interface</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Means to minimize the occurrence of dosing recommendation errors</td><td>studies to ensure safety Advisor • implements protective measures to ensure the reliability of the input data such</td><td>was evaluated in HF/UE studies to ensure safety Advisor • implements protective measures to ensure the reliability of the input data such</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Table 2: Technological Characteristics Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Feature /Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Assessment ofdifference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DreaMed Advisor Pro(subject device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DreaMed Advisor Pro(DEN 170043)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">as filtering non-physiologicalglucose inputs,not consideringrises in glucosewhich areattributed tospecificbehavior,correctingerrors in clockshift betweendevices.Advisor haslimitations tothe magnitudeof the outputto ensuresafety</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">as filtering non-physiologicalglucose inputs,not consideringrises in glucosewhich areattributed tospecificbehavior,correctingerrors in clockshift betweendevices.•   Advisor haslimitations tothe magnitudeof the outputto ensuresafety</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use of automatedinsulin dosingsystem with thedevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not allowed - part of thecontraindicationdevices.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not allowed - part of thecontraindicationdevices.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identification ofspecific insulinformulations thathave beendemonstrated tobe compatiblewith use of thedevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rapid acting U-100insulin analogs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rapid acting U-100insulin analogs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principles ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Algorithmicsoftware device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Algorithmicsoftware device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

DreaMed Diabetes believes that the changes as described in this 510(k) submission, do not present additional safety or effectiveness concerns for the DreaMed Advisor Pro, which is a modification of the legally marketed DreaMed Advisor Pro (DEN170043). This is based upon the testing and validation data provided in this 510(k) notification. Accordingly, this should be sufficient for the FDA to determine the DreaMed Advisor Pro to be substantially equivalent to its predicate device because it has the same intended use and the same fundamental technology.