February 28, 2020

Magnolia Medical Technologies, Inc. John Ray   
Director of Operations   
200 West Mercer Street   
Suite 500   
Seattle, Washington 98119

Re: K192247 Trade/Device Name: Steripath Gen2 Blood Collection System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA, FPA Dated: January 28, 2020 Received: January 28, 2020

Dear John Ray:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

for Geeta Pamidimukkala Acting Assistant Director DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors OHT3: Office of Gastrorenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Steripath $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Gen2 Blood Collection System

Indications for Use (Describe) The Steripath $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Gen2 Blood Collection System is a system to draw blood for in vitro diagnostic testing.

The Steripath $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Gen2 Blood Collection System is indicated for use as a blood collection system that diverts and sequesters the initial specimen prior to collection of a subsequent test sample to reduce the frequency of blood culture contamination when contaminants are present in the initial blood sample compared to blood cultures drawn with standard procedure without manual diversion.

Additionally, components of the system may be used for infusion following sample collection after disconnection of the Initial Specimen Diversion Device $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ (ISDD $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ). Venipuncture needles are indicated for short term infusion (less than 2 hours).

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(K) Summary

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92(c) the following summary information is provided:

510(k) Number

K192247

# Date Prepared:

February 28, 2020

# Submitter:

Magnolia Medical Technologies, Inc. 200 West Mercer Street   
Suite 500   
Seattle WA 98119   
Registration number: 3009976527

# Contact Person:

John Ray Director of Operations Phone: 425-985-8061 john.ray@magnolia-medical.com

# Trade Name:

Steripath $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Gen2 Blood Collection System

# Common Name:

Blood Collection System

Classification Name:

Blood specimen collection device

Regulation Number:

862.1675

Regulatory Class:

Class II

Product Code:

JKA and FPA

Predicate Device:

BD Vacutainer® Push Button Blood Collection Set (K030573)

Device Description:

The Steripath $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Gen2 Blood Collection System diverts and sequesters the initial portion of the blood specimen (potentially contaminated blood) in the diversion reservoir. When diversion is complete, a subsequent blood sample flows through a second pathway within the device. The subsequent blood sample is collected either directly into a culture bottle (not provided by Magnolia Medical Technologies), or into a syringe that is used to inoculate culture bottles. Upon removal of the ISDD $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ , components of the system can be used for infusion per the included manufacturer’s instructions for use (note: infusion with butterfly needles is limited to less than 2hrs). The subject device incorporates multiple configurations that include various inlet and outlet accessories that are previously cleared as referenced below.

The following configurations of the Steripath® Gen2 Blood Collection System are available:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SteripathKit ModelNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISDD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inlet Accessory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Outlet Accessory</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2700-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luer Extension, 9"ICU Medical, Inc.Model B1798-NSK964435</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transfer AdapterSmith's MedicalModel 96004K081229</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2700-21-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Collection Set, 21GBecton DickinsonModel 367326K030573</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transfer AdapterSmith's MedicalModel 96004K081229</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2700-23-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Collection Set, 23GBecton DickinsonModel 367324K030573</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transfer AdapterSmith's MedicalModel 96004K081229</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27BD-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luer Extension, 9"ICU Medical, Inc.Model B1798-NSK964435</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Becton DickinsonModel 364902K991088</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27BD-21-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Collection Set, 21GBecton DickinsonModel 367326K030573</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Becton DickinsonModel 364902K991088</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27BD-23-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Collection Set, 23GBecton DickinsonModel 367324K030573</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Becton DickinsonModel 364902K991088</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27TS-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luer Extension, 9"ICU Medical, Inc.Model B1798-NSK964435</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transfer AdapterSmith's MedicalModel 96000SK081229</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27TS-21-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Collection Set, 21GBecton DickinsonModel 367326K030573</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transfer AdapterSmith's MedicalModel 96000SK081229</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27TS-23-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Collection Set, 23GBecton DickinsonModel 367324K030573</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transfer AdapterSmith's MedicalModel 96000SK081229</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2710-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luer Extension, 9"ICU Medical, Inc.Model B1798-NSK964435</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Syringe, 10mlBecton DickinsonModel 301029K980987</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2720-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luer Extension, 9"ICU MedicalModel B1798-NSK964435</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Syringe, 20mlBecton DickinsonModel 301031K980987</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2710-21-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Collection Set, 21GBecton DickinsonModel 367326K030573</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Syringe, 10mlBecton DickinsonModel 301029K980987</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2720-21-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Collection Set, 21GBecton DickinsonModel 367326K030573</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Syringe, 20mlBecton DickinsonModel 301031K980987</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2710-23-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Collection Set, 23GBecton DickinsonModel 367324K030573</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Syringe, 10mlBecton DickinsonModel 301029K980987</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2720-23-EN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P00133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Collection Set, 23GBecton DickinsonModel 367324K030573</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Syringe, 20mlBecton DickinsonModel 301031K980987</td></tr></table>

Table 5-1 Steripath Configurations

# Intended Use / Indications for Use

# Intended Use/Indications for Use:

The Steripath® Gen2 Blood Collection System is a system to draw blood for in vitro diagnostic testing.

The Steripath® Gen2 Blood Collection System is indicated for use as a blood collection system that diverts and sequesters the initial specimen prior to collection of a subsequent test sample to reduce the frequency of blood culture contamination when contaminants are present in the initial blood sample compared to blood cultures drawn with standard procedure without manual diversion.

Additionally, components of the system may be used for infusion following sample collection after disconnection of the Initial Specimen Diversion Device® $( | \mathsf { S D D } ^ { \circledast } |$ ). Venipuncture needles are indicated for short term infusion (less than 2 hours).

Differences in Intended Use/Indications for Use

The predicate device is the same component used in the configurations of the Steripath $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Gen2 Blood Collection System. Both the subject device and predicate are intended to draw blood for in vitro diagnostic testing.

Both the Steripath $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Gen2 Blood Collection System and the predicate device facilitate the collection of blood samples for a variety of in vitro diagnostic tests including collection of blood culture samples. Diversion and sequestration of $1 . 5 \mathsf { m l }$ to $2 . 0 \mathsf { m l }$ of the initial sample does not alter this intended use or the indications for use as compared to the predicate.

Diversion and sequestration of $1 . 5 \mathsf { m l }$ to $2 . 0 \mathsf { m l }$ of the initial sample does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness in the indication of blood collection.

# Technology:

The Steripath $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Gen2 Blood Collection System is a single use, sterile, mechanical device that diverts and sequesters the initial $1 . 5 \mathsf { m l }$ to $2 . 0 \mathsf { m l }$ of blood from the patient. The system consists of an Initial Specimen Diversion Device $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ $\left( | \mathsf { S D D } \mathbb { R } \right)$ ) made of injection molded, medical grade plastics. Off-theShelf (OTS) components provide the interface to the patient vasculature, and to the culture bottle or syringe for subsequent sample collection. Upon removal of the ISDD $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ , components of the system can be used for infusion per the included manufacturer’s instructions for use (note: infusion with butterfly needles is limited to less than 2hrs).

The predicate device is also a single use, sterile, mechanical device for collecting blood specimens and is indicated for infusion. The Steripath $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Gen2 Blood Collection System includes specimen diversion technology, while the predicate device does not. Inclusion of this technology does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness.

Differences between the Steripath Gen2 Blood Collection System and the Predicate Device are noted in Table 5-2 below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Steripath  Gen2 BloodCollection System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device, BDVacutainer® Push ButtonBlood Collection Set(K030573)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Difference betweenSteripath  Gen2Blood CollectionSystem andPredicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FR Number(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JKA and FPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JKA and FPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClassificationName</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tubes, Vials, Systems,Serum Separators, BloodCollection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tubes, Vials, Systems,Serum Separators, BloodCollection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood collection set</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood collection set</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulatory Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry andClinical Toxicology Panel,Division of Chemistry andToxicology Devices, Officeof In Vitro Diagnostics andRadiological Health</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry andClinical Toxicology Panel,Division of Chemistry andToxicology Devices, Officeof In Vitro Diagnostics andRadiological Health</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Steripath® Gen2Blood Collection System isa system to draw bloodfor in vitro diagnostictesting.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BD Vacutainer® PushButton Blood Collection Setis intended for bloodcollection.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The predicatedevice is the samecomponent used inthe configurationsof the SteripathGen2 BloodCollection System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Steripath ® Gen2 BloodCollection System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device, BDVacutainer ® Push ButtonBlood Collection Set(K030573)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Difference betweenSteripath Gen2Blood CollectionSystem andPredicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Configurations.Both are intendedto draw blood for invitro diagnostictesting.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="6">The Steripath® Gen2Blood Collection System isindicated for use as ablood collection systemthat diverts andsequesters the initialspecimen prior tocollection of a subsequenttest sample to reduce thefrequency of blood culturecontamination whencontaminants are presentin the initial blood samplecompared to bloodcultures drawn withstandard procedurewithout manual diversion.Additionally, componentsof the system may beused for infusion followingsample collection afterdisconnection of the InitialSpecimen DiversionDevice®. Venipunctureneedles are indicated forshort term infusion (lessthan 2 hours).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">The BD Vacutainer® PushButton Blood Collection Setis a sterile, multiple sample,single use winged bloodcollection set intended forvenipuncture to obtainblood specimens frompatients.The BD Vacutainer® PushButton Blood Collection Setis also indicated for theintravenous administrationof fluids as indicated in 21CFR 820.5440. It may beused for any patientpopulation withconsideration given topatient size andappropriateness for thesolution being infused andduration of therapy.</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="6">The predicatedevice is the samecomponent used inthe configurationsof the SteripathGen2 BloodCollection System.Configurations.Both are intendedto draw blood for invitro diagnostictesting.The fact that thepredicate deviceindications for usedo not includediversiontechnology doesnot raise newquestions of safetyor effectivenessgiven that:Both the Steripath Gen2 BloodCollection Systemand the predicatedevice facilitate thecollection of bloodsamples for avariety of in vitrodiagnostic testsincluding collectionof blood culture</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ct that th</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">lowing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">after</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">of the Initial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The recommended use ofthe device is to activate theneedle prior to removalfrom the venipuncture site.The retraction of theintravenous (IV) end of theneedle aids in theprevention of accidentalneedlestick injury.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Steripath  Gen2 BloodCollection System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device, BDVacutainer® Push ButtonBlood Collection Set(K030573)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Difference betweenSteripath  Gen2Blood CollectionSystem andPredicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">samples. Diversionand sequestrationof 1.5mL to 2.0mLof the initial sampledoes not alter thisintended use orindications for useas compared to thepredicate.Diversion andsequestration of1.5mL to 2.0mL ofthe initial sampledoes not raise newquestions of safetyor effectiveness inthe indication ofblood collection.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contraindications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription Status</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription Use Only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription Use Only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Initial SpecimenDiversion Device(ISDD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">P00133 Base Assembly,Gen2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Steripath Gen2 BloodCollection Systemincludes the InitialSpecimen Diversion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device® to divertand sequester theinitial blood sampleto reduce frequencyof blood culturecontamination.The predicatedevice does notinclude diversiontechnology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Packaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chevron Pouch, 12" x 6"TPT-0270 to TPF-0524a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PETG Co-polyester tray withpaper cover</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Steripath Gen2 Blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E</td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Steripath ® Gen2 BloodCollection System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device, BDVacutainer ® Push ButtonBlood Collection Set(K030573)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Difference betweenSteripath  Gen2Blood CollectionSystem andPredicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collection Systemuses a medicalgrade pouch for thesterile packaginginstead of a traysystem.Having passedtesting per FDArecognizedconsensusstandards forpackaging, thesedifferences raise nonew questions ofsafety oreffectiveness.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SterilizationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylene OxideSteris, Temecula CA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gamma RadiationSite unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Steripath Gen2 BloodCollection Systemuses a differentmethod ofsterilization thanthe predicatedevice.Because theSterility AssuranceLevel (SAL) isunchanged (10-6),and the process isvalidated per FDArecognizedconsensusstandards, thesterilization methodchange raises nonew questions ofsafety oreffectiveness.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAL Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Steripath ® Gen2 BloodCollection System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device, BDVacutainer® Push ButtonBlood Collection Set(K030573)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Difference betweenSteripath  Gen2Blood CollectionSystem andPredicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-pyrogenic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 year</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 years</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The SteripathGen2 BloodCollection Systemhas a shorter shelf-life than thepredicate device.Because theSteripath  Gen2Blood CollectionSystem meets itsrequirementsfollowing real-timeaging test, thisdifference raises nonew questions ofsafety oreffectiveness.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medical grade materials(stainless steel, pvctubing, medical gradeadhesives polycarbonate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medical grade materials(stainless steel needles, pvctubing, medical gradeadhesives)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The SteripathGen2 BloodCollection Systemhas the additionalmedical gradematerials,(thermoplastics,and elastomers)contained in theInitial SpecimenDiversion Device(ISDD ).Having completedappropriatebiocompatibilitytesting per FDArecognizedconsensusstandards, theaddition of theISDD  materials</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Steripath  Gen2 BloodCollection System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device, BDVacutainer® Push ButtonBlood Collection Set(K030573)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Difference betweenSteripath  Gen2Blood CollectionSystem andPredicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">raises no newquestions of safetyor effectiveness.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BiocompatibilityTesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 10993-1ISO 10993-4ISO 10993-5ISO 10993-10ISO 10993-11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 10993-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Steripath Gen2 BloodCollection Systemwas tested inaccordance withFDA recognizedconsensusbiocompatibilitystandards for shortduration, bloodcontacting devices.Having completedappropriatebiocompatibilitytesting per FDArecognizedconsensusstandards, theaddition of theISDD  materialsraises no newquestions of safetyor effectiveness.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TransportEnvironment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ASTM D4169-09distribution cycle 13,assurance level II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Steripath Gen2 BloodCollection Systemwas tested fortransportenvironment asnoted.Having passedtesting per FDArecognizedconsensusstandards fortransportation</td></tr></table>

Table 5-2 Predicate Device Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Steripath® Gen2 BloodCollection System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device, BDVacutainer ® Push ButtonBlood Collection Set(K030573)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Difference betweenSteripathGen2Blood CollectionSystem andPredicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>environment, thetest differencesraise no newquestions of safetyor effectiveness.</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Testing:

The Steripath® Gen2 Blood Collection System has been found to conform to its System, Labeling, Controls, Interfaces, Accessory, Functional, Physical, Biological Safety and Packaging requirements. It has also been found to conform to FDA consensus, medical device safety and international harmonized standards. Conformity to key medical device safety requirements include:

Sterilization – The system is sterilized using validated Ethylene Oxide (EO) processes in conformance with ANSI/AAMI/ISO 11135:2014 “Sterilization of Health Care Products-Ethylene Oxide- Requirements for development, validation, and routine control of sterilization process for medical devices”.

Aging/Shelf Life Test – The system is validated to achieve a real-time 1-year shelf-life. Prior to distribution, Accelerated Aging is performed in conformity with ASTM F1980-16 “Standards Guide for Accelerated Aging of Sterile Barrier Systems for Medical Devices”

Biological Safety (Biocompatibility Tests) – The system meets the requirements of ANSI/AAMI/ISO 10993-1:2009/(R)2013 “Biological evaluation of medical devices – Part 1: Evaluation and testing within a risk management process”, for a short duration $( < 2 4 \mathsf { h r s } )$ , blood path indirect, contacting device. Testing included Cytotoxicity, Sensitization, Irritation (intracutaneous reactivity), Acute System Toxicity, and Hemocompatibility.

Packaging Integrity Testing / Shipping Tests – The system meets the requirements of ASTM D4169-16, “Standard Practice for Performance Testing of Shipping Containers and Systems”, Distribution Cycle 13, Assurance Level II.

Functional and Performance Testing – The system meets its functional requirements for safe and effective performance as noted below.

Because the commercially available predicate device is an accessory to the Steripath® Gen2 Blood Collection System, it was included in tests that were determined to have potential for impact on the predicate device’s ability to safely meets its cleared intended use as a blood collection device.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Requirement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verification TestResult</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unidirectionalmovement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operation of the ISDD® actuator shallresult in unidirectional movement.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PASS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Backflowprevention</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ISDD® shall not be operable in amanner that allows blood towardspatient.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PASS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diversion statenegative pressure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In the diversion state, the ISDD® shallgenerate negative pressure in thediversion chamber and inlet flow path</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PASS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimumdiversion volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ISDD® shall meet the minimumdiversion volume requirement.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PASS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diversioncompliance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ISDD shall sequester the diversionvolume prior to opening the secondsample path.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PASS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fully actuatedblood collection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">When fully actuated the ISDD shall allowflow through the second sample path.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PASS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Actuation Lock</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">When fully actuated, the ISDD® shalllock-out travel of the actuator.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PASS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Actuation force,maximum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ISDD ® shall require less than themaximum force to actuate.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PASS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Actuation,blocked inlet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">With the inlet blocked, the ISDD ® shallremain safe during operation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PASS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Winged needleaccessory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Steripath® Gen2 Blood CollectionSystem shall be supplied withcommercially available, sharps-safe,winged, hypodermic needle assembly.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PASS</td></tr></table>

Table 5- 3 Key Functional and Performance Requirements

# Summary of Clinical Testing

Human studies of the use of the Steripath® Blood Collection System are summarized below. Steripath® results are compared to blood cultures collected using standard procedure without manual diversion.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Investigator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Institution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSamplesCollected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SamplesCollectedUsingSteripath</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reduction inContamination% UsingSteripath</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>SteripathStudies Comparing Steripath®to standard blood culture proceduredraws (without manual diversion)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rupp1(companysponsoredstudy)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U. of Nebraska MedicalCenter (UNMC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,808</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>904</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bell2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lee Health</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41,685</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,293</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.8%</td></tr></table>

Table 5- 4 Clinical Testing

# Conclusions:

The Steripath® Gen2 Blood Collection System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, the BD Vacutainer® Push Button Blood Collection Set (K030573).