October 30, 2019

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. Mey Lyn Vasquez   
Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist 511 Benedict Ave.   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

Re: K192790 Trade/Device Name: Atellica $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IM Total hCG (ThCG) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1155 Regulation Name: Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG) test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DHA Dated: September 27, 2019 Received: September 30, 2019

Dear Mey Lyn Vasquez:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

For: Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D. Acting Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k192790

Indications for Use (Describe) The Atellica $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ IM Total hCG (ThCG) assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in human serum or plasma (EDTA or lithium heparin) using the Atellica $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ IM Analyzer.

Human chorionic gonadotropin measurements are intended for use as an aid in the early detection of pregnancy.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

Introduction: According to the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) Number: ___k192790

# 1. APPLICANT

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue, Tarrytown, NY 10591 USA

Contact: Mey Lyn Vasquez Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist   
Phone: (914) 524-2458   
Fax: (914) 524-3579   
E-mail: mey.vasquez@siemens-healthineers.com

Date Prepared: October 30, 2019

# 2. Regulatory Information

<table><tr><td>Trade Name</td><td>Atellica® IM Total hCG (ThCG)</td></tr><tr><td>Device</td><td>System, Test, Human Chorionic Gonadotropin</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Description</td><td>Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG) test system</td></tr><tr><td>FDA Classification</td><td>Class II</td></tr><tr><td>Review Panel</td><td>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code</td><td>DHA</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Number</td><td>21 CFR 862.1155</td></tr></table>

510(k) Premarket Notification: Atellica® IM ThCG Assay

# 3. PREDICATE DEVICE

# Assay

Name of Device: Atellica $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IM Total hCG (ThCG) 510 (k): k172322

# 4. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Atellica $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IM Total hCG (ThCG) Assay reagents come in the following configurations:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof Tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ReadyPack primary reagent pack containing Atellica IM ThCGLite Reagent and Solid PhaseAtellica IM ThCG master curve and test definition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ReadyPack primary reagent packs containing Atellica IM ThCGLite Reagent and Solid PhaseAtellica IM ThCG master curve and test definition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td></tr></table>

The ReadyPack consists of the following:

# Atellica IM ThCG ReadyPack primary reagent pack Lite Reagent

4.5 mL/reagent pack Goat polyclonal anti- $\mathtt { . h C G }$ antibody $( \mathord { \sim } 0 . 1 \ \mu \mathfrak { g } / \mathfrak { m } \ L )$ labeled with acridinium ester in buffered saline; sodium azide $( 0 . 1 \% )$ ; preservatives

# Solid Phase

20.3 mL/reagent pack Mouse monoclonal anti-hCG antibody $( { \sim } 0 . 0 2 \ \mathrm { m g / m L } )$ covalently coupled to paramagnetic particles in buffered saline; sodium azide $( 0 . 1 \% )$ ; preservatives.

# Atellica IM ThCG DIL ReadyPack ancillary reagent pack

25.0 mL/pack Buffered heat-treated equine serum; EDTA; sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ preservatives

# Atellica IM ThCG DIL

50.0 mL/vial Buffered heat-treated equine serum; EDTA; sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ ; preservatives

510(k) Premarket Notification: Atellica® IM ThCG Assay

# 5. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The Atellica $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IM Total hCG (ThCG) assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in human serum or plasma (EDTA or lithium heparin) using the Atellica $\textcircled{8}$ IM Analyzer.

Human chorionic gonadotropin measurements are intended for use as an aid in the early detection of pregnancy.

# 6. INTENDED USE

Same as Indications for Use

# 7. Purpose of the Submission

The purpose of this submission is for the addition of plasma (EDTA and lithium heparin) sample claim for the Atellica $\textcircled{8}$ IM Total hCG (ThCG) assay.

# 8. COMPARISION OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

The following table demonstrates substantial equivalence between the Atellica $\textcircled{8}$ IM Total hCG (ThCG) assay (Candidate Device) that has modified Instructions for Use (Package Inserts) with the addition of the plasma (EDTA and lithium) sample claim and the currently marketed Atellica $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ IM Total hCG (ThCG) assay (Predicate Device) that was cleared under 510(k) k172322.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atellica® IM Total hCG (ThCG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atellica® IM Total hCG(ThCG)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Atellica® IM Total hCG (ThCG)assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitativedetermination of human chorionicgonadotropin (hCG) in human serum usingthe Atellica® IMAnalyzer.The Atellica IM ThCG assay is intended foruse as an aid in the early detection ofpregnancy.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Atellica® IM TotalhCG (ThCG) assay is forin vitro diagnostic use inthe quantitativedetermination of humanchorionic gonadotropin(hCG) in human serum orplasma (EDTA or lithiumheparin) using theAtellica® IM Analyzer.Human chorionic</td></tr></table>

510(k) Premarket Notification: Atellica® IM ThCG Assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>gonadotropinmeasurements areintended for use as an aidin the early detection ofpregnancy.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6-1000 mlU/mL (IU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct chemiluminescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>serum or plasma (EDTA orlithium heparin)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 µL of Lite Reagent and 203 µL of SolidPhase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IncubationTime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 minutes at 37°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against the World HealthOrganization (WHO) 4th IS 75/589 referencematerial. Assigned values for calibrators aretraceable to thisstandardization.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-point</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atellica IM CAL B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofCalibratorLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofControl Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionAntibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Goat polyclonal anti-hCG antibody labeledwith acridinium ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CaptureAntibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal anti-hCG antibodycovalently coupled to paramagnetic particles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data were obtained on 366 serum samplesfrom 192 apparently healthy non-pregnantfemales and 174 apparently healthypostmenopausal females. The expectedvalue range of non-pregnant females was1.5-4.2 mlU/mL (IU/L) and thepostmenopausal female populationwas 1.810.1 mlU/mL (IU/L), as shown inthe table below.Reference IntervalMedian        mIU/mL (U/L)Sample Category           N  mIUL (U/L)    2.5-97.5 Percentilenant Females        192 2.0         1.5-4.2(Age17-54)Postmenopausal Females       1743.9          1.8-10.1Age: ≥ 41Number of samples.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

510(k) Premarket Notification: Atellica® IM ThCG Assay

# 9. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS DATA

# Detection Capability

Cleared under premarket submission k172322

# Precision

Cleared under premarket submission k172322

# Method Comparison

Cleared under premarket submission k172322

# Specimen Equivalence

Specimen equivalency was determined using the Deming linear regression model in accordance with CLSI Document EP09‑A3. The following results were obtained:

<table><tr><td>Tube (y) vs. Serum (x)</td><td>N^a</td><td>Sample Interval</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>rb</td></tr><tr><td>Dipotassium EDTA plasma</td><td>116</td><td>3.8959.2 mlU/mL (IU/L)</td><td>1.02</td><td>-1.4 mlU/mL (IU/L)</td><td>1.00</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium heparin plasma</td><td>134</td><td>3.8-959.2 mlU/mL (IU/L)</td><td>1.05</td><td>0.2 mlU/mL (IU/L)</td><td>1.00</td></tr></table>

a Number of samples tested. b Correlation coefficient.

The assay is designed to have a slope of 0.90–1.10 for alternate tube types versus serum. Agreement of the specimen types may vary depending on the study design and sample population used. Assay results obtained at individual laboratories may vary from the data presented.

510(k) Premarket Notification: Atellica® IM ThCG Assay

# Interferences

Interference testing was performed in accordance with CLSI Document EP07-ed3.12 The following results were obtained:   

<table><tr><td>Substance</td><td>Substance Test Concentration</td><td>Analyte Concentration mlU/mL (IU/L)</td><td>Bias (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Dipotassium EDTA</td><td>9.0 mg/mL</td><td>21.1</td><td>1.5</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>626.4</td><td>0.7</td></tr><tr><td>Heparin</td><td>75 U/mL</td><td>25.4</td><td>1.8</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>668.9</td><td>0.7</td></tr></table>

Assay results obtained at individual laboratories may vary from the data presented.

510(k) Premarket Notification: Atellica® IM ThCG Assay

# Expected Values

Cleared under premarket submission k172322

# X. CONCLUSION

Comparative testing of the Atellica IM ThCG Assay is substantially equivalent in principle and performance to the Predicate Device – Atellica IM Total hCG (ThCG) assay cleared under 510(k) k172322.