February 14, 2020

LifeScan Europe GmbH   
Niki Skelly   
Regulatory Affairs Consultant   
LifeScan Scotland Ltd.   
Beechwood Park North, Inverness, GB iv1 3ed Scotland

Re: K193475 Trade/Device Name: OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW Dated: December 13, 2019 Received: December 16, 2019

Dear Niki Skelly:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k193475

Device Name OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# OneTouchVerio Reflect Blood Glucose Monitoring System Traditional 510(k)

# 510(k) Summary

(as required by section 807.92(c))

<table><tr><td colspan="2">The assigned 510(k) number is K193475</td></tr><tr><td>Sponsor</td><td>LifeScan Europe GmbH Gubelstrasse 34 Zug, Switzerland 6300</td></tr><tr><td>Correspondent</td><td>Niki Skelly, Regulatory Affairs Specialist LifeScan Scotland Ltd. Beechwood Park North Inverness, IV2 3ED United Kingdom Phone: +44(0) 1463 383735 e-mail:nskelly@lifescan.com Alternate 510(k) Contact: Alison Wilson, Director Regulatory Affairs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Prepared</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">December 3rd, 2019</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Test System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood Glucose Meters and OneTouchVerio Test Strips are Class II devices (21 CFR § 862.1345),Product Code NBW</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem consists of the OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood GlucoseMeter, OneTouch Verio Test Strips, OneTouch Verio Level 3and Level 4 Control Solutions, Lancing Device and SterileLancets. The OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood GlucoseMonitoring System measures the glucose content of a bloodsample by means of an electrical current produced in the teststrip and sent to the meter for measurement. The OneTouchVerio Reflect meter also contains tools to aid diabetesmanagement which include a dynamic range indicator, testtracker, blood sugar mentor, trend90 average blood glucose andmeal and advanced tagging.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OneTouch Verio Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System(K150214, Cleared 31st July 2015)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem is composed of the OneTouch Verio Reflect Meter andOneTouch Verio Test Strips. The OneTouch Verio ReflectBlood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used forthe quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. The OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in-vitro diagnostic use), by individuals with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. This system is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. The system should not be used for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use.</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>following aspects: Meter: Blood Glucose Algorithm: A modified blood glucose calculation, reduces sensitivity to interferences and includes additional error trap failsafe mode for sample mis-application. Software/Firmware changes: Dynamic Color Range Indicator, Blood Sugar Mentor for motivational</td></tr><tr><td>principle or scientific technology.</td><td>Labelling: New branding and Instructions for Use There are no changes to the OneTouch Verio Test Strips or the OneTouch Verio Level 3 and Level 4 Control Solutions cleared for use with the predicate OneTouch Verio Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System 510(k) (K150214). There have been no changes to the intended use, operating</td></tr></table>

Technological Characteristics   
Part 5 510K Summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specifications andFeatures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OneTouch Verio FlexBlood GlucoseMonitoring System(Predicate Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OneTouchVerio ReflectBlood GlucoseMonitoring System(Subject Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scientific Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometric detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemical reactionwith GDH-FAD GlucoseDehydrogenase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma-equivalent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fingertip only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum 0.4ul</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 600 mg/dL (1.1 - 33.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-60%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating TemperatureRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10°- 40°C (50°F 104°F)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6°  44°C (43°F 111°F)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating RelativeHumidity Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 % - 90%, non-condensing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip Storage(Unopened Vial)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22 months5°C - 30°C (41°F  86°F)up to 65% RH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22 months5°C  30°C (41°F  86°F)10-90% RH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip Storage (OpenedVial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 months from firstopening</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Solution Ranges</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 3 : target glucoseconcentration 120 mg/dL;Range 102 - 138 mg/dL(5.7 - 7.7 mmol/L)Level 4 : target glucoseconcentration 350 mg/dL;Range 298 - 403 mg/dL(16.5 - 22.4 mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No calibration code isrequired</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Download</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Via USB or Bluetooth</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Energy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible off-metersoftware accessories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OneTouch Reveal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 3V CR2032</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 x 3V CR2032</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Size(L x W x H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx 3.39 x 2.05 x 0.63inches</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx 3.97 x 1.69 x 0.61inches</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx 1.7 ounces</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx 1.9 ounces</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Interface Screen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Menu or textGraphics to instruct user toapply sample to strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Menu driven with text andicon based information.</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Characteristics

The OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood Glucose Monitoring System (meter, strips, and control solutions) was designed and tested in accordance with FDA Guidance: Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose Test Systems for Over-the-Counter Use (October 2016) and EN ISO 15197:2015. Analytical performance testing included, repeatability, intermediate precision hematocrit, short sample volume, perturbation, interference and linearity testing. A user performance evaluation was also conducted in accordance with FDA Guidance: SelfMonitoring Blood Glucose Test Systems for Over-the-Counter Use (October 2016; Section VI.C) which assessed accuracy of results and usability of the device in the hands of intended users. The OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood Glucose Monitoring System performed similarly to both the predicate device as well as to a laboratory reference method, the Yellow Springs Instrument (YSI 2300 STAT PLUS glucose analyzer).

# Lay User Method Comparison Study

A Lay User Method Comparison study of the OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood Glucose Monitoring System (BGMS) was conducted in accordance with FDA Guidance: SelfMonitoring Blood Glucose Test Systems for Over-the-Counter Use (October 2016; Section VI.C) to validate the accuracy performance of the System in the hands of the user. A comparison of the Lay User OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood Glucose Monitoring System fingertip results compared to glucose results obtained on the recognized glucose reference method (YSI 2300 STAT PLUS glucose analyzer) are summarized below. Glucose values from fingertip capillary blood samples obtained from 354 lay persons showed the following results:

Verio Reflect User Evaluation Performance – Summary of data within specified $\mathbf { m g / d L }$ of the YSI 2300 reference instrument for glucose concentrations across the entire range:   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Within ±5%</td><td>Within ±10%</td><td>Within ±15%</td><td>Within ±20%</td></tr><tr><td>Dataset</td><td>n (%)</td><td>n (%)</td><td>n (%)</td><td>n (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Subject</td><td>222/354</td><td>333/354</td><td>351/354</td><td>354/354</td></tr><tr><td>self-test</td><td>(62.7)</td><td>(94.1)</td><td>(99.2)</td><td>(100)</td></tr></table>

# Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence

Design verification and validation testing confirmed that the performance, safety, and effectiveness of the OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood Glucose Monitoring System were met against all design input specifications and the system can be considered substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device. Evaluations included repeatability, intermediate precision and linearity. The OneTouch Verio Reflect Meter also meets the requirements of FDA Guidance: Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose Test Systems for Over-the-Counter Use (October 2016), EN ISO 15197:2015 and applicable recognized electrical and safety standards including FCC requirements.

# Conclusions

The OneTouch Verio Reflect Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent in its intended use, performance, safety, effectiveness and underlying scientific and operating principles to the predicate, the OneTouch Verio Flex Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K150214).