Sentinel CH. SpA Patricia Dupe Head of Quality System Via Robert Koch, 2 Milano, IT 20152

Re: K193001 Trade/Device Name: Albumin BCP Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1035 Regulation Name: Albumin test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CJW Dated: October 23, 2019 Received: October 28, 2019

Dear Patricia Dupe:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices | OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
CDRH | Food and Drug Administration

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K193001

Device Name Albumin BCP

Indications for Use (Describe)

At  o kidneys.

The assay is intended for professional use only.

For In Vitro Diagnostic use only.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Tburen toolctinoatiotatverhors psl time to review instructions, earch existing data sources, gatherand maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection f information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 5. 510(k) SUMMARY (SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS)

for the Albumin BCP $\mathbf { ( 6 x 2 0 m L }$ ), Albumin BCP $\mathbf { ( 6 x 5 0 ~ m L }$ )

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

5.1. 510 (k) Number: K193001

# 5.2. Applicant Name

SENTINEL CH. S.p.A. Via Robert Koch, 2 Milano (MI) 20152, Italy +39 02 345 514 1

Primary contact person for all communications:

Patricia Dupé Head of Quality System Phone: +39 02 34 551 496 Fax: +39 02 34 551 464 Email: patriciadupe@sentinel.it

Date Summary Prepared: October $2 3 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ , 2019

Date Summary Revised: December $1 3 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ , 2019

# 5.3. Device Name

# Albumin BCP

Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Name: Bromcresol purple dye-binding, albumin   
Governing Regulation: 21CFR862.1035   
Product Code: CJW   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75)

# 5.4. Predicate Device

ADVIA Chemistry BCP assay (ALBP) (k132664)

# 5.5. Intended Use of the Device

The Albumin BCP assay is an in vitro diagnostic test used for the determination of albumin in human serum or plasma.

Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous diseases primarily involving the liver or kidneys.

The assay is intended for professional use only.   
For In Vitro Diagnostic use only.

# 5.6. Description of Device

Albumin BCP reagent is ready to use liquid reagent that is supplied in two configurations: fill volume $2 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ in a $2 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ wedge or $5 0 \mathrm { m L }$ in a $5 0 \mathrm { m L }$ wedge, 6 wedges/kit.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test per kit calculation (based on the minimumreagent fill volume)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin BCP (6x20 mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2700</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin BCP (6x50 mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reactive Ingredients</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetate Buffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stabilizer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.38 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromcresol purple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.028 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detergent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.045 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium azide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1 %.</td></tr></table>

# 5.7. Principles of the Procedure

Albumin at $\mathrm { p H } 5 . 0 - 5 . 5$ reacts with bromocresol purple (BCP) forming a colored complex. The color intensity of this complex is proportional to the concentration of albumin present in the sample measurement as an endpoint reaction at $6 0 0 / 7 0 0 \ \mathrm { n m }$ .

Methodology: Colorimetric

# 5.8. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The Albumin BCP assay is intended for the quantitative measurement of albumin in human serum and plasma.

For In Vitro Diagnostic use only.

A comparison of the candidate device (Albumin BCP) and the predicate device [ADVIA Chemistry BCP assay (ALBP)] is presented in Table 5.1

Table 5.1: Comparison of Albumin BCP to Predicate (k132664) ADVIA Chemistry Albumin BCP assay (ALBP)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Assay (k132664)ADVIA Chemistry Albumin BCP assay (ALBP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate AssayAlbumin BCP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Technical Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation name: Albumin BCP assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromcresol purple (BCP) dye-binding method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in Vitro diagnostic use in the quantitativemeasurement of albumin in human serum or plasma onADVIA Chemistry Systems.Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis andtreatment of numerous diseases primarily involving theliver or kidneys</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Albumin BCP assay is an in vitro diagnostic test usedfor the determination of albumin in human serum or plasma.Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis andtreatment of numerous diseases primarily involving theliver or kidneys.The assay is intended for professional use only.For In Vitro Diagnostic use only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte Measured</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument to beused</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Advia 1650 Chemistry System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU680 Automatic Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference Value</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34 - 50 g/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35-52 g/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyticalmeasuringinterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0 - 80 g/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0 - 70 g/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ERM-DA 470k Reference Material</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same (ERM-DA 470k/IFCC)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent storagetemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15-30 </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use of Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use of Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 5.9. Summary of Performance Testing

All performance were established using the AU680 analyzer.

# 5.9.1. Limit of Blank (LoB) Study

The Limit of Blank (LoB) Study was performed to determine the highest measurement result that is likely to be observed (with a stated probability) for a blank sample.

The LoB, study was performed based on guidance from the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP17-A2.

Acceptance criteria: the Limit of Blank (LoB) should be $\leq 1 \ \mathrm { g / L }$

A summary of the results is presented below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofBlank (LoB)g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptancecriteriag/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot F0390</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lot E0179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>≤ 1 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot F0391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot F0480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr></table>

The observed Limit of Blank supports the LoB claim of $0 . 3 \ \mathrm { g / L }$ .

# 5.9.2. Limit of Detection (LoD) Study

LoD is the lowest analyte concentration likely to be reliably distinguished from the LoB and at which detection is feasible.

The Limit of Detection (LoD) was determined on the basis of CLSI EP17-A2 Guideline (Evaluation of detection capability for clinical laboratory measurement procedures).

Acceptance criteria: the Limit of Detection (LoD) should be $\leq 3 ~ \mathrm { g / L }$ . A summary of the results is presented below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofDetection(LoD)g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptancecriteriag/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot F0390</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lot E0179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>≤ 3.0 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot F0391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot F0480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr></table>

The results meet the acceptance criteria. The Limit of Detection is chosen to be the highest of the values obtained. The LoD observed supports the claim of $0 . 8 \ \mathrm { g / L }$ .

# 5.9.3. Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) Study

LoQ is the lowest amount of a measured in a material that can be quantitatively determined with stated accuracy (as total error or as independent requirements for bias and precision), under stated experimental conditions.

The results of the LoQ study are provided for completeness in conjunction with the LoB and LoD studies.

The LoQ, study was performed based on guidance from the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP17-A2.

Acceptance criteria: the Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) should be $\leq 5 \ \mathrm { g / L }$

A summary of the results is presented below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofQuantification(LoQ)g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptancecriteriag/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot F0390</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lot E0179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>≤ 5.0 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot F0391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot F0480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr></table>

The results meet the acceptance criteria. The LoQ observed supports the claim of $1 . 5 \ : \mathrm { g / L }$

# 5.9.4. Precision Study

The Precision study verifies the agreement between indications or measured quantity values obtained by replicates measurements on the same or similar objects under specified conditions. One human serum sample pool and two human serum based controls were used. After calibration at Time zero (0), 2 replicates of each sample were performed on 2 different runs per day. The precision was determined on the basis of CLSI EP05-A3 Guideline (Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures).

Acceptance Criteria:

The Precision should be $\leq 2 . 5 \%$ across all tested concentrations

A summary of the results is presented below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptancecriteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>LotF0390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>≤ 2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>LotF0391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>LotF0480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lot 90228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr></table>

All calculated CV’s were well within the acceptance criteria of $\leq 2 . 5 \%$ . The highest $\% C V$ was $2 . 2 \%$ . The data show good precision across the concentration range from 18 to $5 5 \mathrm { g / L }$ .

# 5.9.5 Intra Assay Precision Study

The Intra Assay Precision Study was performed to verify the precision and the trueness of the method relative to the assigned values of materials with known concentrations.

One human serum sample pool and two human serum based controls were used. After calibration, 20 replicates of each sample were run on 3 different runs (each run with a new calibration).

The Intra Assay Precision was determined on the basis of CLSI EP15-A3 Guideline (User Verification of Precision and Estimation of Bias).

Acceptance Criteria:

The Intra Assay Precision should be $\leq 1 . 5 \%$ across all tested concentrations

A summary of the results is presented below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptance criteria% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lot F0390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>≤ 1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lot F0391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lot F0480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr></table>

The results meet the acceptance criteria. All the samples gave $\% C V$ lower than $1 . 5 \%$

# 5.9.6. Linearity (Measuring Range)

The Study was performed to establish the Upper Limit of Measuring Range (MR) based upon the linearity of the Albumin BCP assay on the AU680 System.

Linearity was evaluated using guideline CLSI EP6-A Guideline (Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach).

Acceptance Criteria: the absolute bias should be between - $2 \ \mathrm { g / L }$ and $+ 2 \mathrm { g / L }$ or The relative bias should be between $- 6 \%$ and $+ 6 \%$

A summary of the results is presented below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested range (g/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear regression equations</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot F0390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.17 to 78.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.00 + 1.000x, r = 0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot F0391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.30 to 78.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.00 + 1.000x, r = 0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot F0480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.20 to 78.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.00 + 1.000x, r = 0.999</td></tr></table>

The results meet the acceptance criteria, demonstrating that the assay is linear up to $7 0 \mathrm { g / L }$ . The upper limit of the MR is $7 0 \mathrm { g / L }$ .   
The MR is claimed as 6.0 to $7 0 \mathrm { g / L }$ .

# 5.9.7 Endogenous Interferences Study

The Endogenous Interferences study was performed to evaluate the effect of some substances on the performances of the product.

The interference was evaluated at the following Albumin concentrations:   
Low: $\approx 3 5 \ : \mathrm { g / L } \left( \pm 1 0 \% \right)$   
High: $\approx 5 0 ~ \mathrm { g / L } \left( \pm 1 0 \% \right)$   
For each concentration 2 aliquots of serum pool were prepared (Base and Test pool)   
Test pool was divided into 4 sub-aliquots, then spiked using the interfering substances under evaluation. The 4 Test Pool aliquots were diluted using the Base Pool to obtain additional dilution levels in the ratio: $100 \%$ , $90 \%$ , $80 \%$ , $70 \%$ , $60 \%$ , $50 \%$ , $40 \%$ , $30 \%$ , $20 \%$ , $10 \%$ , $0 \%$ .

Potential interferences study was performed on the basis of CLSI document EP07-A2 – Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry

Acceptance Criteria:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testedconcentration up to</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptance criteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>% bias: ±10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipids (as Triglycerides)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

A summary of the results is presented below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferingsubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested concentrationup to</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Found concentrationwithoutInterferences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptancecriteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>% bias: ±10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugatedbilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugatedbilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipids (asTriglycerides)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1200 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

The results meet the acceptance criteria.

# 5.9.8 Reagent stability

The Stability study was performed to determine, both open on-board and calibration stability of the Albumin BCP assay on the AU680 System.

The Stability study was determined following: European Standard EN 23640:2015 – Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostics Reagents

Acceptance Criteria $\%$ Bias: within $\pm 1 0 \%$ vs initial measurement

A summary of the results is presented below:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%biasMin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% biasMax</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptance criteria% bias vs Time 0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>LotF0390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5%</td><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>±10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>LotF0391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>LotF0480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lot90228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td></tr></table>

The results meet the acceptance criteria.   
The on-board reagent stability claimed is 28 days on the AU680 analyzer.   
The calibration stability claimed is 14 days on the AU680 analyzer.

# 5.9.9 Method Comparison

Method Comparison study was performed to demonstrate correlation to the predicate device (Siemens ADVIA® 2400). 128 serum samples with concentrations spanning the measuring interval $6 . 0 - 7 0 \ : \mathrm { g / L }$ were tested in duplicate on the AU680 System and on Siemens Advia 2400. 8 samples were altered samples, prepared for a better coverage of the measuring range.

The method comparison study was performed based on guidance from the CLSI document EP09-A3.

Acceptance Criteria:

The method comparison study results were considered acceptable if the assay had a regression slope of $1 . 0 0 \left( \pm 0 . 1 0 \right)$ and a correlation coefficient (r) of $\geq 0 . 9 7 5$ .

A Passing-Bablok linear regression and a linear fit regression were performed, regressing the $1 ^ { \mathrm { s t } }$ replicate of the SCH Albumin BCP assay (y-axis) versus the mean of 2 replicates of each corresponding sample of the predicate (ADVIA® Chemistry Albumin BCP) assay $\mathbf { \widetilde { x } }$ -axis).

A summary of the results is presented below:

Passing & Bablok regression method: $\mathrm { N } = 1 2 8$ $2 8 ; \mathrm { y ( g / L ) } = 0 . 9 4 \mathrm { x } + 1 . 0 1 ; \mathrm { r } = 0 . 9 9 2$

Linear fit regression method: $\Nu = 1 2 8$ ; $\mathrm { y } \left( \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { L } \right) = 0 . 9 5 \mathrm { x } + 0 . 7 8$ ; r = 0.992

SCH Albumin BCP assay on the AU680 demonstrated acceptable correlation to the predicate device (Siemens ADVIA 2400, ADVIA® Chemistry Albumin BCP) by meeting the evaluation criteria.

# 5.9.10 Matrix Comparison Study

Matrix Comparison study was performed to demonstrate correlation between:

serum and Lithium-Heparin plasma samples serum and Potassium EDTA plasma samples

77 paired plasma/serum samples with albumin concentrations throughout the range of the assay were tested.

7 samples were altered samples, prepared for a better coverage of the measuring range.

The matrix comparison study was performed based on guidance from the CLSI document EP09- A3.

The matrix comparison study results were considered acceptable if the assay had a regression slope of $1 . 0 0 \left( \pm 0 . 1 0 \right)$ and a correlation coefficient (r) of $\geq 0 . 9 7 5$ .

A Passing-Bablok linear regression and a linear fit regression were performed, regressing the 1st replicate of the SCH Albumin BCP plasma, Li-Heparin (y-axis) versus the 1st replicate of each corresponding sample of the SCH Albumin BCP Serum $\mathbf { \dot { x } }$ -axis).

A Passing-Bablok linear regression and a linear fit regression were performed, regressing the 1st replicate of the SCH Albumin BCP plasma, potassium EDTA (y-axis) versus the 1st replicate of each corresponding sample of the SCH Albumin BCP Serum (x-axis).

A summary of the results, Serum vs Lithium-Heparin plasma samples is presented below: Passing & Bablok regression method: $\mathrm { N } = 7 7$ ; y $( \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { L } ) = 1 . 0 1 \mathrm { x } - 0 . 3 4$ ; $\mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 9 5$ Linear fit regression method: $\Nu = 7 7$ ; $\mathrm { \Omega } \left( \mathbf { g } / \mathrm { L } \right) = 1 . 0 0 \mathrm { x } + 0 . 0 1 \mathrm { \Omega }$ ; ${ \mathrm { r } } = 0 . 9 9 5$

A summary of the results, Serum vs Potassium EDTA plasma samples is presented below: Passing & Bablok regression method: $\mathrm { N } = 7 7$ ; y $\mathrm { ( g / L ) } = 1 . 0 0 \mathrm { x } - 0 . 2 0$ ; r = 0.996 Linear fit regression method: $\Nu = 7 7$ ; y $\mathbf { \partial } ^ { \prime } ( \mathbf { g } / \mathrm { L } ) = 0 . 9 9 5 \mathrm { x } - 0 . 0 5 ; \mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 9 6$

The results meet the acceptance criteria.

# 5.10. Conclusion

Testing results indicate that the Candidate device (Albumin BCP) is safe and effective for the stated intended use and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.