January 21, 2020

Velano Vascular   
Tiffini Wittwer   
Consulting Director Regulatory Affairs   
221 Pine St #200   
San Francisco, California 94104

Re: K193569 Trade/Device Name: PIVOTM Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA Dated: December 17, 2019 Received: December 23, 2019

Dear Tiffini Wittwer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

for Geeta Pamidimukkala Acting Assistant Director DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors OHT3: Office of Gastrorenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K193569</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name PIVOTM</td><td></td></tr></table>

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary (K193569):

<table><tr><td>Submitter:</td><td>Velano Vascular 221 Pine St #200 San Francisco CA 94104</td></tr><tr><td>Date prepared:</td><td>January 6, 2020</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person:</td><td>Tiffini Wittwer, MPH Consulting Director Regulatory Affairs Phone: 707.799.6732</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Name:</td><td>E-mail: twittwer@mededge.io PIVOTM</td></tr><tr><td>Common Name:</td><td>Blood specimen collection device</td></tr><tr><td>Classification:</td><td>Class II</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code:</td><td>JKA per 21CFR 862.1675</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate Device(s):</td><td>The subject device is equivalent to the following devices: K190604 - PIVOTM</td></tr><tr><td>Device Description:</td><td>The PIVOTM device is a sterile, single use device. It is a needle- free blood collection device that attaches to a peripheral IV (PIV) catheter system. The device is comprised of an inner tube with a pusher/slider, proximal flexible tube with female luer, outer housing and clip-to-connect distal end. The clip-to- connect attaches to the PIV system. The female luer attaches to a blood transfer device or syringe. The inner tube is then advanced to collect a blood sample. Once complete, the inner tube is retracted, and the device is removed from the PIV. The device is available in three sizes, 20, 22, and 24 gauge.</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use:</td><td>The PIVOTM device attaches to a peripheral IV catheter system for use as a direct blood draw device into a vacuum tube or a syringe.</td></tr><tr><td>Reason For Submission:</td><td>An alternate colorant material is being added to the pink components of the 20G device. Additional changes since last 510(k) clearance include the addition of a second contract manufacturer and alternate packaging material for all products.</td></tr><tr><td>Technological Characteristics:</td><td>The PIVOTM device attaches to a PIV system via a clip-to-connect attachment. Once attached, a slider is moved forward and advances the inner tube into the PIV system. The differences between the predicate and the subject devices, are the alternate red colorant for the 20G components and the addition of a nylon/ nylon pouch for packaging and terminally sterilizing the devices.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIVO Devices(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIVO Devices(Predicate Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis of Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) NumberDecision Date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K193569</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K190604</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Velano Vascular, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JKA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1675</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The PIVOTM device is attachedto a peripheral IV catheter foruse as a direct blood drawdevice into a vacuum tube or asyringe.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venous blood drawing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient Interface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separately placed commerciallyavailable peripheral IV catheter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV Attachment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clip-to-Connect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood CollectionAttachment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female Luer to Blood TransferDevice or Syringe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood ControlMechanism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cap on female luer and clampon flexible tubing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tubing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TransparentFlexible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible PIVSizes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14G - 24G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G Pink DEV-MCC 0436OR DEV-MCC 0155SameSame</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G Pink DEV-MCC 015522G Blue DEV-MMC 015424 G Yellow DEV-MCC 0267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biocompatibilityassessment and testingdemonstrate that thisalternate material doesalter the safety of thedevice</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inner TubingLength</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141.2mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Risk Analysis:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Outer Diameter(OD) of Distal InnerTubing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 gauge = 0.709mm max22 gauge = 0.543mm max24 gauge = 0.400mm max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wall Thickness ofDistal Inner Tubing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 G wall = 0.0750mm +/-0.01mm22 G wall = 0.0635mm +/-0.01mm24 G wall = 0.0575mm +/-0.01mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample collection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device attaches to female luerof PIV system, tube insertedinto PIV, blood is drawnthrough tube into a bloodtransfer device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyvek/PETORNylon/Nylon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyvek/PET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transit, Aging, andPackaging validationtesting demonstrates thatthe difference does notalter the safety of thedevices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteRetraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sterilization Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>Packaging testing per ASTM D4169-16 Standard Practice For Performance Testing Of Shipping Containers And Systems, ASTM F1980-16 Standard Guide For Accelerated Aging Of Sterile Barrier Systems For Medical Devices, and ISO 11607-1:2019 Packaging For Terminally Sterilized Medical Devices - Part 1: Requirements For Materials, Sterile Barrier Systems And Packaging Systems Biocompatibility testing per ISO 10993-1 Biological evaluation of medical devices  Part 1: Evaluation and testing within a risk management process and</td></tr><tr><td>Summary of Substantial Equivalence:</td><td>The changes made to the previously cleared PIVOTM devices does not raise different questions regarding the safety and effectiveness of the device. Current PIVOTM is substantially equivalent to the predicate PIVOTM devices. This conclusion is based upon the devices&#x27; identical intended use, indications for use, principles of operation, fundamental scientific technology, patient contacting materials, and performance specifications. The changes made were tested using the same acceptance criteria as the predicate device and demonstrated that there are no new risks and the device is substantially equivalent.</td></tr></table>