June 16, 2020

Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.   
Michael Sarrasin   
Senior Director of Regulatory and Clinical Affairs 11075 Roselle Street   
San Diego, CA 92121

Re: K200467 Trade/Device Name: Control-IQ Technology Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1356 Regulation Name: Interoperable Automated Glycemic Controller Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QJI Dated: May 8, 2020 Received: May 11, 2020

Dear Michael Sarrasin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use (Describe)

Control-IQ technology is intended for use with compatible integrated continuous glucose monitors (iCGM) and alternate controller enabled (ACE) pumps to automatically increase, decrease, and suspend delivery of basal insulin based on iCGM readings and predicted glucose values. It can also deliver correction boluses when the glucose value is predicted to exceed a predefined threshold.

Control-IQ technology is intended for the management of Type 1 diabetes mellitus in persons 6 years of age and greater.

Control-IQ technology is intended for single patient use and requires a prescription.

Control-IQ technology is indicated for use with NovoLog or Humalog U-100 insulin.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Submitter’s Name, Address, Telephone Number, Contact Person and Date Prepared

Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. 11075 Roselle Street San Diego, CA 92121 Phone: 858-366-6900

Contact Person: Michael Sarrasin Contact Email: MSarrasin@tandemdiabetes.com

Date Prepared: February 20, 2020

# Name of Device

Control-IQ technology

# Regulation Name/Number

Interoperable automated glycemic controller per 21 CFR 862.1356

# Product Codes

# Predicate Device

Control-IQ technology (DEN190034)

# Device Description

The Control-IQ technology, is an interoperable automated glycemic controller. This is a device intended to automatically calculate drug doses based on inputs such as glucose and other relevant physiological parameters, and to command the delivery of such drug doses from a connected infusion pump. Interoperable automated glycemic controllers are designed to reliably and securely communicate with digitally connected devices to allow drug delivery commands to be sent, received, executed, and confirmed. Interoperable automated glycemic controllers are intended to be used in conjunction with digitally connected devices for the purpose of maintaining glycemic control.

# Intended Use

Control-IQ technology is intended for use with compatible integrated continuous glucose monitors (iCGM) and alternate controller enabled (ACE) pumps to automatically increase, decrease, and suspend delivery of basal insulin based on iCGM readings and predicted glucose values. It can also deliver correction boluses when the glucose value is predicted to exceed a predefined threshold.

Control-IQ technology is intended for the management of Type 1 diabetes mellitus in persons 6 years of age and greater.

Control-IQ technology is intended for single patient use and requires a prescription.

Control-IQ technology is indicated for use with NovoLog or Humalog U-100 insulin.

# Technological Characteristics

The Control-IQ technology consists of software that is used with an ACE pump and an iCGM to deliver basal insulin.

# Performance Data

Software verification and validation testing was performed per FDA’s guidance document, Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Total Product Life Cycle: Infusion Pump - Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions Guidance. There are no hardware changes in this application.

A Clinical study was performed on the Control-IQ technology to assess the efficacy and safety of the Control-IQ technology in a randomized controlled trial. The study demonstrates that the device is safe and effective in the population evaluated (ages $\geq 6$ and $\leq 1 3$ years old).

Evaluation of the Special Controls for this device (DEN190034) show continued assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device.

# Substantial Equivalence

The Tandem Control-IQ technology is the same as the previously cleared Tandem Control-IQ technology. The device is as safe and effective, and performs as well as the previously classified Control-IQ technology.