May 23, 2022

Arkray, Inc.   
Dhwani Thakkar   
Regulatory Affairs Project Manager 5182 West 76th Street   
Minneapolis, MN 55439

Re: K200788 Trade/Device Name: Assure $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PZI Dated: June 14, 2021 Received: June 15, 2021

Dear Dhwani Thakkar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie Kelm, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K200788

Device Name Assure $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

Blo Gluc os con  huBlGluc ee h ABl Glu BlGlu t T stick capillary blood.

dysglycemia.

•The system is not intended for use in acute care or hospital settings.

• The system is not intended for neonatal use.

The system is for prescription use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# Applicant’s Name and Address

Yoshiharu Uehata   
ARKRAY, Inc.   
Yousuien-nai, 59 Gansuin-cho   
Kamigyo-ku, Kyoto 602-0008 Japan   
Establishment Registration # 3003422726 Dhwani Thakkar   
Regulatory Affairs Project Manager   
ThakkarD@arkrayusa.com

# Primary Contact

# Secondary Contact

Daya Ranamukhaarachchi, PhD V.P. Regulatory and Scientific Affairs RanamukD@arkrayusa.com

Phone 408-234-0804 Fax 1-855-924-2725 Email RanamukD@arkrayusa.com Date Prepared June 14, 2021

# 2. Device Information

# Device

# Trade Name

Assure $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System

510(k) Number Classification Name

Common Name Product Code Classification Panel Device Classification

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device Name</td><td>Predicate Device 510(k) Number</td></tr><tr><td>StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System</td><td>K132121</td></tr></table>

# 4. Device Description

The Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of a battery-powered meter, disposable test strips Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Test Strips, and control solutions. The Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Test Strips utilizes biosensor technology for the quantitative determination of glucose concentrations in capillary blood samples. Glucose in the blood reacts with the reagent in the test strip, and this produces a small electric current (amperometry). The strength of this current is proportional to the concentration of glucose in the blood. The meter measures this current and calculates the patient’s glucose level.

# Test principle:

The sample (whole blood) is drawn by capillary action at the tip of the test strip. As depicted in the chemical reactions listed below in Figure 1, glucose in the sample reacts with glucose oxidase (GOD) and Hexaammineruthenium (III) chloride in the test strip. This produces Hexaammineruthenium (II) chloride. Hexaammineruthenium (II) chloride is produced in proportion to the glucose concentration of the blood sample. Oxidation of the Hexaammineruthenium (II) chloride produces an electric current. The meter converts the current to the glucose concentration and displays it as the test result.

β-D-glucose $^ +$ Hexaammineruthenium (III) chloride $\stackrel { \mathbf { G O D } } { \longrightarrow }$ D-Glucono-δLactone $^ +$ Hexaammineruthenium (II) chloride Hexaammineruthenium (II) chloride Electrical ChargeHexaammineruthenium ) chloride $^ +$ e

# Figure 1: Principle of Action for Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System

A similar test principle is used in StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System previously cleared under K132121.

# 5. Indications for Use

The Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose meter and the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose test strips. The Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. The system is intended for in vitro diagnostic, point of care use in endocrinology clinics and nursing or skilled nursing facilities, for multiple patient use. This system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices for drawing finger stick capillary blood.

The system is not intended for the screening or diagnosis of diabetes mellitus but is indicated for use in determining dysglycemia.

The system is not intended for use in acute care or hospital settings.

The system is not intended for neonatal use.

The system is for prescription use only.

# 6. Substantial Equivalence Information

The Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring Device uses similar intended use as the predicate, StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System. Also, test principle and technology are similar for both devices. Table 1 below provides a comparison between the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System and its predicate device.

As described in the performance testing summary below, the verification and validation (bench and clinical) testing successfully demonstrated substantial equivalence for the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System to the predicate device as required per 21 CFR $\ S \ 8 0 7 . 9 2 ( \mathrm { b } ) ( 3 )$ .

Table 1: Similarities and Differences Table   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COMPONENT/CHARACTERISTIC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PROPOSED</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K200788</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K132121</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device/MeasuringSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assure® TitaniumBlood GlucoseMonitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">StatStrip GlucoseHospital MeterSystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COMPONENT/CHARACTERISTIC</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">PROPOSED</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="14">Intended Use andIndications for Use</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="3">The Assure TitaniumBlood GlucoseMonitoring Systemconsists of the AssureTitanium BloodGlucose meter and theAssure TitaniumBlood Glucose teststrips. The AssureTitanium BloodGlucose MonitoringSystem is intended foruse in the quantitativemeasurement ofglucose in freshcapillary whole bloodsamples drawn from</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="14">For the quantitativedetermination ofglucose in capillaryfinger stick, venouswhole blood, arterialwhole blood, neonatearterial whole bloodand neonate heel stickspecimens. Also forthe quantitativedetermination ofglucose in venouswhole blood, arterialwhole blood,neonatal heel stick,and neonatal arterialwhole bloodthroughout allhospital and allprofessionalhealthcare settings.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">System is intended for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">glucose in fresh</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">samples drawn fromthe fingertips. Thesystem is intended for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">system is intended forin vitro diagnostic,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">point of care use in</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">endocrinology clinicsand nursing or skilled</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">nursing f</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">g Tac</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">nursing facilities, for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">multiple patient use.This system should</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">multiple patient use.This system should</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">only be used with</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">single-use, auto-disabling lancingdevices for drawingfinger stick capillaryblood.The system is notintended for thescreening or diagnosisof diabetes mellitusbut is indicated foruse in determiningdysglycemia.The system is notintended for use inacute care or hospitalsettings.The system is not</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">intended for neonataluse.The system is forprescription use only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Population limitation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not intended forneonatal use, acutecare or hospitalsettings, nor for usewith patientsreceiving intensivemedicalintervention/therapy.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not intended forpatients receivingintensive medicalintervention/therapy.This system isintended for use withneonatal arterial wholeblood but has not beenvalidated for neonatalvenous blood.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh capillary wholeblood*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood:Capillary, Venous,Arterial, and Neonatearterial whole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip Ejector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 levels of AssureControl- ControlSolutions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 levels of NovaStatStrip ControlSolutions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MaximumAltitude</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000 ft (3,048meters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15,000 ft (4500meters)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.1 oz with batteries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.6 oz</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7 x 2.4 x 1.2 inch</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0 x 3.25 x 1.8 inch</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery/Powersource</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two 1.5V alkalineAAA batteries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7V Li Polymerbattery(Rechargeable/Replaceable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingTemperature range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46-104°F (8-40°C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59-104 °F (15-40°C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-70%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-65%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000 test results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000 Patient Tests200 QC Tests4000 Operators</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ElectricalCompliance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conforms toANSI/AAMI IEC60601-1-2:2014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conforms to:IEC 61010-1:2001 andIEC 61010-2-101:2002</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Relative Humidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-90% (nocondensation)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-90% (nocondensation)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose oxidase(Aspergillus nigersourced)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase(Aspergillus sourced)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electro-chemicalbiosensor(Amperometric)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electro-chemicalbiosensor(Amperometric)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic codedcalibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic, nocalibration code</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wi-Fi networkconnectivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr></table>

\*Although whole blood samples are used for measurement, displayed results are equivalent to plasma glucose levels.

# 7. Summary of Performance Testing

Performance testing was conducted on the proposed Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System in accordance with the FDA guidance Blood Glucose Monitoring Test Systems for Prescription Point-of-Care Use, 2016 and 2020 using final product. Performance testing demonstrated that the device meets the performance requirements for its intended use.

# PRECISION

Within-run and intermediate precision for the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System were evaluated to assess imprecision of the system across the glucose measuring range and under normal use conditions.

Briefly, within-run precision was evaluated using venous whole blood spiked with high concentration glucose solution or allowed to glycolyze to 5 glucose concentrations. These whole blood samples were tested on at least 10 vials of 3 test strip lots using at least 10 Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Meters. Test strips were taken from the same bottle for each meter. This resulted in 500 results on each lot, for a total of 1500 tests.

Results for the within-run precision testing are shown in Table 2, mean results for each glucose level are presented for each lot with associated standard deviation (SD), percent coefficient of variation $( \% C V )$ and the $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals.

Table 2: Within-Run Precision Results for Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Level(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>280-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51-110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 to 2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111-150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 to 3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151-250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 to 7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251-400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1 to 12.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>280-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51-110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 to 2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111-150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 to 3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151-250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1 to 4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251-400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1 to 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>280-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 to 1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51-110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 to 2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111-150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 to 3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151-250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9 to 5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251-400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 to 10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td></tr></table>

The data in Table 2 demonstrate the within-run precision met the overall acceptance criteria for $\% \mathrm { C V } \leq 4 . 2 \%$ for the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

Intermediate precision was evaluated using control solution adjusted to the same 5 glucose concentrations. Multiple operators tested the control solution over 10 days using at least 10 bottles of 3 test strip lots and 10 Assure Titanium meters. Test strips were taken from the same bottle for each meter. This resulted in 50 tests per lot per day for a total of 1500 tests.

Results for intermediate precision testing for all lots are shown in Table 3. Mean results for each glucose level are presented with associated standard deviation (SD), percent coefficient of variation $( \% C V )$ and the $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals.

Table 3: Intermediate Precision Results for Assure Titanium   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Level(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>All LotsCombined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 to 0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51-110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1 to 1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111-150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 to 2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151-250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>254.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 to 4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251-400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 to 9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr></table>

The data in Table 3 show that Intermediate precision met the overall acceptance criteria.

LINEARITY

Linearity for the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System was evaluated using glucose concentrations across the claimed glucose measuring range and data was analyzed according to CLSI EP6-A: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement: A Statistical Approach; An Approved Guideline.

Briefly, linearity was evaluated using venous whole blood spiked with high concentration glucose solution or allowed to glycolyze to eleven evenly spaced glucose concentrations. The target glucose concentrations were verified by the YSI 2300 reference analyzer. These whole blood samples were tested on 3 test strip lots using 5 Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Meters. This resulted in 5 replicates per level per lot tested, for a total of 165 results.

Data analysis included linear regression with regression equation and coefficient of determination $( \mathbb { R } ^ { 2 } )$ presented for each lot tested and presented in Table 4.

Table 4: Linear Regression Equation for All Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System Lots   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression Equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{2}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 280-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.0079x + 3.9485</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9988</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 302-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.0063x + 3.3727</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9993</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 302-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.9902x + 2.1839</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td></tr></table>

Data analysis showed that linearity testing met the acceptance criteria in that all measurements fell within the ranges shown in Table 5, demonstrating linearity of the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System across the claimed measuring range of 10-600 $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

Table 5: Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System Comparison to YSI 2300 Reference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15% at &lt;75 mg/dL and± 12% at ≥75 mg/dL from reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 280-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 302-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 302-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

The effect of hematocrit on the performance of the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System was evaluated to establish that it can be safely used across the claimed hematocrit range. Briefly, percent hematocrit effect on Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System results was evaluated using venous whole blood adjusted to five glucose levels and thirteen hematocrit levels spaced $5 \%$ apart spanning the claimed hematocrit range.

The target acceptance criteria are as follows: For glucose levels $\mathrm { \Omega } \geq 7 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , the average bias to comparator method should be $65 \%$ with no individual value exceeding $10 \%$ . For glucose levels $< 7 5 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , the absolute bias should be reported with $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals justified for clinical impact.

The results for glucose levels $\geq 7 5 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$ met the target acceptance criteria. In addition, the absolute bias for results for glucose levels $< 7 5 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$ ranged from $- 1 . 5$ to $2 . 2 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , an error so small that this error would not impact patient safety. The results of the Hematocrit Evaluation study support the safe use of the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System across the claimed hematocrit range of $10 - 7 0 \%$ in the intended use population.

# INTERFERENCE

The effect of potentially interfering endogenous and exogenous substances was evaluated on the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The study was designed using whole blood samples spiked or allowed to glycolyze to 3 target ranges. Eachinterferent was tested at clinically relevant concentrations. For each concentration of potential interferent, average percent bias to untreated control samples and $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals were calculated. If interference was observed additional testing was performed to determine the concentration at which the interference starts to occur. Table 6 lists potentially interfering substances and the maximum concentrations tested and the highest tested concentration at which no interference was observed.

Table 6: Maximum Concentrations Tested   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potential InterferingSubstance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Highest concentration with nointerference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maximum TestConcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galactose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reduced Glutathione</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20,000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20,000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 IU/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 IU/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Icodextrin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1094.4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1094.4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Dopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maltose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5,000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methyl-L-dopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">414 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">414 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolbutamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolazamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglycerides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xylose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xylitol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mannitol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,800 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,800 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenofibric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canagliflozin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 × 10-4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15× 10-4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amlodipine Besylate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 × 10-4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 × 10-4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atorvastatin Calcium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84× 10-4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84 × 10-4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cilostazol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 × 10-2 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 × 10-2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prasugrel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105 × 10-3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105 × 10-3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45 × 10-6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45 × 10-6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Budesonide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 × 10-5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 × 10-5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 × 10-4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9× 10-4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxcarbazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">258 × 10-2 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">258 × 10-2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trihexyphenidyl HCL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 × 10-3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 × 10-3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluphenazine Decanoate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81 × 10-5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81× 10-5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levoflaxicin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">183 × 10-5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">183 × 10-5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glimiperide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">576× 10-4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">576× 10-4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benazeprilat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">297 nmol/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">297 nmol/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saxagliptin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72 × 104 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72 × 10-4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.3 nmol/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.9 nmol/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ursodiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7,836 × 10-4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9,795 × 10-4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Silodosin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1848 × 10-5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1848 × 10-5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Letrozole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.2 nmol/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.2 nmol/dL</td></tr></table>

The results were compared to the following target acceptance criteria: for each concentration of potential interferent the average percent bias and $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of test sample to untreated control sample must be within $\pm 1 0 \%$ at each glucose level.

# Interfering Substances

Patients with high doses of Vitamin C intake (ascorbic acid; blood levels higher than $4 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ) may yield inaccurate results. • Patients undergoing oxygen therapy may yield inaccurate results.

The cleaning and disinfection viral elimination effectiveness study for the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System was conducted by Microbac Laboratories (Sterling, VA).

The elimination of duck hepatitis B virus, as a surrogate for human hepatitis B virus, using the disinfection product, PDI Super Sanicloth (EPA# 9480-4), has been evaluated with the constituent surface materials of the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

The PDI Super Sanicloth Wipes were proven to be effective in eliminating the duck hepatitis B virus from all tested surfaces.

# CLEANING AND DISINFECTION ROBUSTNESS/DURABILITY

Cleaning and disinfection durability testing were performed to demonstrate that the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System can withstand multiple cleaning and disinfection cycles to validate a three-year use life or “warranty” for the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The number of cleaning and disinfection cycles performed for this testing was based ten cleaning and disinfection cycles per day for three years for a total of 10,950 cycles (10 cycles/day $* \ 3 6 5$ days/year $^ * 3$ years $= 1 0 { , } 9 5 0$ ).

To demonstrate that the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not adversely affected by the recommended cleaning and disinfection cycles applied over a three-year use life, five meters were cleaned and disinfected 10,950 times with PDI Super Sanicloth Wipes (EPA# 9480-4) and examined to detect any performance issues and signs of physical deterioration.

A physical inspection and performance testing of each of the five meters was performed at the beginning of the study, midway through the study (approximately 5,480 cleaning anddisinfection cycles), and after the 10,950 cleaning and disinfection cycles were complete. The five meters were inspected at the three time points to determine if there were signs of physical and/or performance deterioration.

The venous blood performance met the acceptance criteria at each time point. All external material passed physical and performance inspection after cleaning and disinfecting 10,950 times with PDI Super Sanicloth Wipes.

# INTERMITTENT SAMPLING

Intermittent sampling occurs when a short sample is applied to a test strip, a glucose measurement begins, and more sample is applied to the test strip before the glucose measurement is complete. Briefly, intermittent sampling was evaluated using venous whole blood spiked with high concentration glucose solution or allowed to glycolyze to three concentrations: $5 0 { - } 6 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , 100- $1 2 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , $2 0 0 { - } 2 5 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . The glucose levels were verified by the YSI 2300 reference analyzer.

The results demonstrated that the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System provides accurate glucose measurements or an error when the sample is intermittently applied to an Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Test Strip.

# ENVIRONMENTAL/SYSTEM OPERATING CONDITIONS

A study to assess the performance of the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System when used under various operating temperature and humidity conditions was performed. These studies were designed to represent actual use conditions experienced by Blood Glucose Monitoring System users. The tested temperature and humidity ranges covered the system operating conditions and also included ranges outside the claimed operating range. The testing incorporated eight extreme temperature and humidity combinations (high temperature/low humidity; high temperature/high humidity; low temperature/low humidity; low temperature/high humidity) within and outside the claimed operating range.

# ALTITUDE

ARKRAY evaluated the effect of altitude on the performance of the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System. Three lots of Assure Titanium test strips were tested with venous blood samples at three glucose levels at two altitude conditions. Sea level (203 feet) and high altitude (10,000 feet) were tested using a custom-made pressure chamber to create the effects of altitude.

The results demonstrated that the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System performance is unaffected by altitudes up to and equal to an elevation of 10,000 feet.

ERROR CODES FOR SAMPLES OUTSIDE THE MEASURING RANGE

ARKRAY performed analyses to demonstrate that the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System provides the appropriate error codes when measured glucose concentrations are outside of the Blood Glucose Monitoring System’s claimed measuring range. Three lots of Assure Titanium test strips were tested with venous blood samples at two glucose levels ${ < } 1 0$ and ${ > } 6 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ). The acceptance criteria were as follows: All meters to display “Lo” at glucose levels ${ < } 1 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , all meters to display “HI” at glucose levels ${ > } 6 0 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

All results met the acceptance criteria demonstrating that the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System will supply the user with the appropriate error codes when measuring blood glucose concentrations outside of the claimed measuring range.

# ERROR CODES AND FLAGGING

ARKRAY performed evaluations to demonstrate that the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System provides error codes and flags according to the design specification. Please see Table 7 below for details on the error codes/flags evaluated.

Table 7: Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System Error Codes and Flags   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Occurs when the temperature is outside thetemperature operating range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Occurs when an abnormal sample is detected,the contact bars of the test strips are dirty, oran incorrect sample type is used</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Occurs when measurement of blood sample isattempted during QC lockout</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Solution Flag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter displays control flag when controlsolution is tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temperature Flag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Occurs alongside E6 when the temperature isoutside the temperature operating range</td></tr></table>

For each error code/flag listed in Table 7, the appropriate conditions that trigger the error code/flag were tested and the error code/flag was verified. Additionally, conditions that should not trigger the error code/flag were also tested and the absence of the error code/flag was verified.

# SHORT SAMPLE DETECTION

Blood glucose measurement from short samples (samples of reduced sample volume) can lead to inaccurate results. To avoid the risk of inaccurate results, Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems should be able to detect that a short blood sample has been applied to the test strip and should not provide a result.

Three lots of Assure Titanium test strips were tested with venous blood samples at three glucose levels (50-65, 100-120, $2 0 0 { - } 2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ that were verified using the YSI 2300. Approximately 0.1, 0.3, 0.5, 1, 5, or $1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of sample was applied to the test strip. Once the countdown was completed (if initiated), an error or the test result displayed on the meter.

The results demonstrated that the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System will either produce an error or an accurate result when short sampled.

# SAMPLE PERTURBATION

Sample perturbation occurs when an appropriate volume of blood is applied to the test strip for glucose measurement, but an event such as wicking of blood away from the test strip, flicking of the test strip or flipping of the meter occurs during the start of the measurement and potentially alters the volume of the initial sample application.

Three lots of Assure Titanium test strips were tested with venous blood samples at three glucose levels $( 5 0 \mathrm { - } 6 5 , 1 0 0 \mathrm { - } 1 2 0 , 2 0 0 \mathrm { - } 2 5 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ that were verified using the YSI 2300. The samples were applied to the test strip and then perturbed by flicking the test strip, flipping the meter on theside, and wicking the sample away using a tissue.

The results demonstrated that the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System either provides an error or an accurate result when the sample is perturbed.

TESTING WITH USED TEST STRIP

The Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System is designed to automatically detect the insertion of used Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Test Strips into the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Meter. Insertion of used Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Test Strips into the system should not provide glucose measurement results.

Three lots of Assure Titanium test strips were dosed with either capillary finger-stick blood or control solution. The used test strips were then re-inserted into Assure Titanium meters to produce an error. The target acceptance criteria are as follow: All used test strips shall produce the E1 error upon re-insertion. All test results met the acceptance criteria.

SUMMARY OF CLINICAL STUDY (METHOD COMPARISON)

The Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Meter and Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Test Strips for the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System were tested in a multi-center study conducted at one (1) nursing/skilled nursing facility and two (2) endocrinology clinics to demonstrate clinical performance with patients/subjects in whom routine glucose monitoring is done in these settings.

Nursing/skilled nursing facility (Site #1) is a 475-bed institution in the state of Massachusetts. The study took place across both long-term care nursing and temporary care/rehabilitation units. The study was conducted by Point-of-Care operators who took capillary blood samples from 130 patients. Patients in this study represented 390 medical conditions and 239 different medications. Site $\# 2$ is an endocrinology clinic located in the state of California. Point-of-Care operators took capillary blood samples from 165 patients. Patients in this study represented 18 medical conditions and 245 different medications. Site #3 is an endocrinology clinic located in the state of Georgia. Point-of-Care operators took capillary blood samples from 101 patients. Patients in this study comprised 61 medical conditions and 196 different medications.

In total, capillary blood samples from 396 patients were measured and the results were compared to the YSI Model 2300 Glucose Analyzer, a lab instrument (comparator method). The tables 8-12 below show differences in glucose values between the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Meter and the YSI method.

The slope, correlation, intercept, standard error, and $9 5 \%$ confidence interval as shown in Table 8 represent a strong linear correlation between the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System and the YSI 2300 reference analyzer.

Table 8: Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System Correlation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Results obtained by healthcare professionals</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nursing/SkilledNursing Facility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endocrinology Clinic</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation &#x27;r&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.0 - 405.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.7 - 492.5 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Table 9: Nursing/Skilled Nursing Facility Accuracy results for glucose concentrations $< 7 5 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ :   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Difference range between the trueblood glucose level and the AssureTitanium Blood GlucoseMonitoring System result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±12 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exceeds±15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The percent (and number) ofsamples for which the differencebetween the Assure Titanium BloodGlucose Meter and the YSIcomparator method were within thedifference range shown in the toprow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1(0%)</td></tr></table>

Table 10: Nursing/Skilled Nursing Facility Accuracy results for glucose concentrations $\geq 7 5 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Difference range between the trueblood glucose level and the AssureTitanium Blood GlucoseMonitoring System result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±10 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±12 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±15 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±20 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exceeds±20 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The percent (and number) ofsamples for which the differencebetween the Assure Titanium BloodGlucose Meter and the YSIcomparator method were within thedifference range shown in the toprow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/129(62%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122/129(94.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125/129(96.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128/129(99.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129/129(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/129(0%)</td></tr></table>

Table 11: Endocrinology Clinic Accuracy results for glucose concentrations $< 7 5 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ :   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Difference range between the trueblood glucose level and the AssureTitanium Blood GlucoseMonitoring System result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±12 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exceeds±15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The percent (and number) ofsamples for which the differencebetween the Assure Titanium BloodGlucose Meter and the YSIcomparator method were within thedifference range shown in the toprow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17/26(65.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25/26(96.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26/26(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26/26(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/26(0%)</td></tr></table>

Table 12: Endocrinology Clinic Accuracy results for glucose concentrations $\geq 7 5 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ :   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Difference range between the trueblood glucose level and the AssureTitanium Blood GlucoseMonitoring System result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±10 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±12 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±15 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within±20 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exceeds±20 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The percent (and number) ofsamples for which the differencebetween the Assure Titanium BloodGlucose Meter and the YSIcomparator method were within thedifference range shown in the toprow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163/240(67.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224/240(93.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230/240(95.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235/240(97.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240/240(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/240(0%)</td></tr></table>

# Medications and Medical Conditions:

The clinical studies included patients representative of each clinical setting. A detailed analysis of medical conditions and medications was performed on the clinical data set from all three (3) clinical study sites to identify any potential safety issues with the use of the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System within the intended use population. A frequency distribution table (Table 13) for each Drug Class as well as a table for medical conditions (Table 14) are presented below.

Table 13: Medications Table   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Assure Titanium Method Comparison Study Drug Table</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Therapeutic Drug Class 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Therapeutic Drug Class 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NumberofPatients</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Agents Acting on the Renin-Angiotensin System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACE Inhibitors, Plain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Angiotensin II Receptor Blockers(ARBs), Plain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agents Acting on the Renin-Angiotensin System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Angiotensin II Receptor Blockers(ARBs), Combinations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Other Therapeutic Products</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Other Therapeutic Products</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anabolic Agents for Systemic Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Mineral Supplements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Analgesics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Opioids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Analgesics and Antipyretics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Anesthetics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anesthetics, General</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anesthetics, Local</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Antianemic Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Iron Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin B12 and Folic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Antibacterials for Systemic Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beta-Lactam Antibacterials,Penicillins</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Antibacterials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Beta-Lactam Antibacterials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinolone Antibacterials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfonamides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracyclines</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Antibiotics and Chemotherapeuticsfor Determatological Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotics for Topical Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemotherapeutics for Topical Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Antidiarrheals, IntestinalInflammatory/Antiinfective Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antidiarrheal Microorganisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antipropulsives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intestinal Adsorbents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intestinal Antiinflammatory Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Antidiarrheals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiemetics and Antinauseants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiemetics and Antinauseants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiepileptics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiepileptics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Antifungals for Dermatologic Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antifungals for Systemic Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antifungals for Topical Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigout Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigout Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antihistamines for Systemic Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antihistamines for Systemic Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antihypertensives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiadrenergic Agents, GenerallyActing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="4">Antiadrenergic Agents, PeripherallyActingArteriolar Smooth Muscle, AgentsActing onOther Antihypertensives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiadrenergic Agents, PeripherallyActing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arteriolar Smooth Muscle, AgentsActing on</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Antihypertensives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiinflammatory and AntirheumaticProducts</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiinflammatory and AntirheumaticProducts, Non-Steroids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antimycotics for Systemic Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antimycotics for Systemic Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiobesity Preparations, Excl. DietProducts</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiobesity Preparations, Excl. DietProducts</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Anti-Parkinson Drugs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anticholinergic Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dopaminergic Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Antiprotozoals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agents Against Amoebiasis and OtherProtozoal Diseases</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antimalarials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiseptics and Disinfectants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiseptics and Disinfectants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antithrombotic Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antithrombotic Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">237</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antivirals for Systemic use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct Acting Antivirals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Beta Blocking Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beta Blocking Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">147</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beta Blocking Agents and Thiazides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bile and Liver Therapy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bile Therapy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Substitutes and PerfusionSolutions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Irrigating Solutions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Calcium Channel Blockers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Selective Calcium Channel Blockerswith Direct Cardiac Effects</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Selective Calcium Channel Blockerswith Mainly Vascular Effects</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Calcium Homeostasis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-Parathyroid Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parathyroid Hormones and Analogues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Cardiac Therapy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiarrhythmics, Class I and III</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cardiac Glycosides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cardiac Stimulants, Excl. CardiacGlycosides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Cardiac Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vasodilators Used in Cardiac Diseases</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corticosteroids for Systemic use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corticosteroids for Systemic use,Plain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corticosteroids, DermatologicalPreparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corticosteroids, Plain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cough and Cold Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cough Suppressants, Excl.Combinations with Expectorants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expectorants, Excl. Combinationswith Cough Suppressants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digestives, Incl. Enzymes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digestives, Incl. Enzymes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="5">Aldosterone Antagonists and Other20Potassium-Sparing AgentsDiuretics                                High-Ceiling Diuretics                 53Low-Ceiling Diuretics, Excl.              3ThiazidesLow-Ceiling Diuretics, Thiazides          45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aldosterone Antagonists and OtherPotassium-Sparing Agents</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High-Ceiling Diuretics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low-Ceiling Diuretics, Excl.Thiazides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low-Ceiling Diuretics, Thiazides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Drugs for Acid Related Disorders</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antacids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drugs for Peptic Ulcer and Gastro-Oesophageal Reflux Disease (GORD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drugs for Constipation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drugs for Constipation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">307</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Drugs for Functional GastrointestinalDisorders</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Belladonna and Derivatives, Plain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drugs for Functional GastrointestinalDisorders</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propulsives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Drugs for Obstructive AirwayDiseases</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adrenergics, Inhalants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Drugs for Obstructive AirwayDiseases, Inhalants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Systemic Drugs for ObstructiveAirway Diseases</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drugs for Treatment of Bone Diseases</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drugs Affecting Bone Structure andMineralization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Drugs Used in Diabetes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Glucose Lowering Drugs, Excl.Insulins</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">359</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Insulins and Analogues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">347</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ectoparasiticides, Incl. Scabicides,Insectides, and Repellents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ectoparasiticides, Incl. Scabicides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Emollients and Protectives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Emollients and Protectives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Endocrine Therapy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hormone Antagonists and RelatedAgents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hormones and Related Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gynecological Antiinfectives andAntiseptics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiinfectives and Antiseptics, Excl.Combinations with Corticosteroids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunosuppressants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunosuppressants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lipid Modifying Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lipid Modifying Agents, Plain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">263</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Mineral Supplements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Mineral Supplements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Muscle Relaxants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Muscle Relaxants, Centrally ActingAgents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Decongestants and Other NasalPreparations for Topical Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ophthalmologicals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiglaucoma Preparations andMiotics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiinfectives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiinflammatory Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Decongestants and Antiallergics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ocular Vascular Disorder Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Ophthalmologicals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Other Alimentary Tract andMetabolism Products</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Alimentary Tract andMetabolism Products</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Mineral Supplements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Dermatological Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Dermatological Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Drugs for Disorders of theMusculo-Skeletal System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Drugs for Disorders of theMusculo-Skeletal System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Other Nervous System Drugs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drugs Used in Addictive Disorders</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Nervous System Drugs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parasympathomimetics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pituitary and Hypothalamic Hormonesand Analogues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Posterior Pituitary Lobe Hormones</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparations for Treatment of Woundsand Ulcers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cicatrizants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Psycholeptics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antipsychotics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anxiolytics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypnotics and Sedatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Psychonaleptics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-Dementia Drugs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antidepressants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">147</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Psycholeptics and Psychanaleptics inCombination</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Psychostimulants, Agents Used forADHD and Nootropics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Sex Hormones and Modulators of theGenital System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Androgens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrogens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hormonal Contraceptives forSystemic Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Sex Hormones and Modulatorsfo the Genital System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Progestogens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Progestogens and Estrogens inCombination</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stomatological Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stomatological Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Thyroid Therapy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antithyroid Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thyroid Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tonics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Mineral Supplements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Topical Products for Joint andMuscular Pain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Topical Products for Joint andMuscular Pain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Urologicals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drugs Used in Benign ProstaticHypertrophy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urologicals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Vasoprotectives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agents for Treatment of Hemorrhoidsand Anal Fissures for Topical Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary Stabilizing Agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Vitamins</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid (Vitamin C), Incl.Combinations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multivitamins, Combinations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Plain Vitamin Preparations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin A and D, Incl. Combinationsof the Two</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">123</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin B1, Plain and in Combinationwith Vitamin B6 and B12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin B-Complex, Incl.Combinations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr></table>

Table 14: Medical Conditions Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Titanium Method Comparison Medical Conditions Table</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConditionCategory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Condition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subjectsw/MedicalCondition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Auditory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excessive Cerumen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hard of Hearing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ruptured Eardrum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Biliary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholangitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholecystectomy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholecystitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholelithiasis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benign Neoplasm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bone Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brain Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Breast Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Breast Cancer, Historical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colon Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colon Cancer, Historical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatocellular Carcinoma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipoma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liver Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="14"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lung Cancer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lymphatic Cancer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meningioma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple Myeloma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pancreatic Cancer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prostate Cancer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Renal Cancer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Renal Cancer, Historical</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Skin Cancer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Skin Cancer, Historical</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat Cancer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thyroid Cancer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thyroid Cancer, Historical</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="28">Cardiac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aortic Aneurysm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aortic Insufficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aortic Regurgitation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aortic Stenosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arrhythmia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arteriosclerosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atrial Fibrillation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bradycardia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bundle Branch Block</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cardiovascular Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carotid Artery Occlusion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chest Pain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chronic Systolic Heart Failure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronary Artery Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Elevated Troponin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endocarditis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heart Block</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heart Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heart Failure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heart Murmur</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypertension</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">248</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypotension</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mitral Insufficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mitral Regurgitation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mitral Stenosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mitral Valve Prolapse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Myocardial Infarction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Myocarditis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="13">Occlusion and Stenosis ofCarotid Artery                    1Palpitations                     2Patent Foramen Ovale              2Premature Atrial Contraction          1Premature VentricularContractions                     1Sick Sinus Syndrome               1Sinus Node Dysfunction             1Sleep Apnea                    19Tachycardia                     4Tricuspid Regurgitation              1Ventricular Arrhythmia              1Ventricular Outflow Obstruction        1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Occlusion and Stenosis ofCarotid Artery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Palpitations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patent Foramen Ovale</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Premature Atrial Contraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Premature VentricularContractions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sick Sinus Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sinus Node Dysfunction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sleep Apnea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tachycardia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tricuspid Regurgitation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ventricular Arrhythmia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ventricular Outflow Obstruction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="19">Dermatological</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abscess</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Asteototic Dermatitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blepharitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dermatitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eczema</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythema</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Foot Complications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intertrigo</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pruritic Disorder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pruritus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Psoriasis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rosacea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Seborrheic Dermatitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Seborrheic Keratosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Skin Complications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Skin Infection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Skin Ulcer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tinea Pedis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tinea Versicolor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Endocrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adrenal Insufficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adrenal Nodule</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gynecomastia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Gastro-Intestinal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acid Reflux</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Celiac Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colon Polyp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Constipation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diarrhea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diverticulitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diverticulosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="17"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gastroenteritis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gastroesophageal RefluxDisease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gastro-Intestinal Problems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heartburn</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incontinence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indigestion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Irritable Bowel Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Irritable Colon</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ischemic Colitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Malabsorption Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nausea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pancreatitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptic Ulcer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rectal Prolapse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ulcer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vomiting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="11">Hepatic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubinemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cirrhosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Elevated INR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fatty Liver</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperbilirubinemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypoalbuminemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liver Dysfunction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subtherapeutic INR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Supratherapeutic INR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transaminitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Hormonal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperprolactinemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypogonadism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="11">Immune</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arthritis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteremia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacterial Infection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida Infection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cellulitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cold Sores</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crohn's</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eosinophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fever</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gout</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Zoster</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="22"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Idiopathic ThrombocytopenicPurpura</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunodeficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunosuppression</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Joint Inflammation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leukocytosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leukopenia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lichen Planus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lymphadenitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lymphedema</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Myasthenia Gravis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Myelodysplastic Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oligoarthritis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Onychomycosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paronychia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photosensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plantar Fasciitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polymyalgia Rheumatica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rheumatoid Arthritis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sepsis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Septic Arthritis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sjogrens Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verruca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Lipid Disorder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dyslipidemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperlipidemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">126</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="18">Metabolic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diabetic Ketoacidosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gestational Diabetes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemochromatosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hereditary Coproporphyria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypercalcemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypercholesteremia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypercholesterolemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperglycemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperkalemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypernatremia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperuricemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocalcemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypoglycemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypokalemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypomagnesemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyponatremia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Malnutrition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microalbuminuria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">−</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Obesity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tumoral Calcinosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin Deficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight Gain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight Loss</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="28">Musculoskeletal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Achalasia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bursitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cervical Spondylosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contracture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Degenerative Disc Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Degenerative Spondylolisthesis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dysarthria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dystonia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Esophageal Dysmotility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hernia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kyphosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leg Cramp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal Gammopathy ofUnknown Significance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Muscle Spasms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Muscle Weakness</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Muscular Dystrophy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Myalgia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Myositis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Osteoarthritis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Osteomyelitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Osteopenia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Osteoporosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pancytopenia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyarthralgia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scoliosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spinal Stenosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temporomandibular JointSyndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tendinitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">Neurological</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agitation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alzheimer's</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amnesia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anorexia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anxiety</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Autonomic Neuropathy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bipolar Disorder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carpal Tunnel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cervical Radiculopathy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cervicalgia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chronic Hypomanic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chronic Pain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claustrophobia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cognitive Impairment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concussion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cord Compression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delirium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delusions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dementia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Depression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diplegia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dizziness</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dysautonomia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dysphagia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dysphonia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dysthymia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Encephalopathy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Essential Tremor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excoriation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibromyalgia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Globus Sensation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hallucinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Headache</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lumbar Radiculopathy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory Issues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Migraine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mood Disorder</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Motor Skill Impairment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Myoclonus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Narcolepsy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neuralgia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neurologic Neglect Syndrome</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neuropathy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine Addiction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Obsessive Compulsive Disorder</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Orthostatic Hypertension</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Orthostatic Hypotension</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Palsy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panic Attacks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parkinson&#x27;s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyneuropathy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Postural OrthostaticTachycardia Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Radicular Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Schizophrenia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sciatica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Seizures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Somnolence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Syrinx of Spinal Cord</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tardive Dyskinesia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tremor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vascular Dementia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vasovagal Syncope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vertigo</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">Ocular</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blindness</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bullous Keratopathy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cataract</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjunctivitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dry Eye</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glaucoma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Macular Degeneration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Macular Edema</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudophakia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Retinopathy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vision Problems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visual Impairment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Oral</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dental Abscess</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gingival Bleeding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xerostomia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="14">Other</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abnormal Gait</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apathy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Balance Issues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Debility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dehydration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fatigue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Frailty Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperproteinemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypothermia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Impaired Mobility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Insomnia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lethargy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobility Issues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organ Prolapse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overweight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polypharmacy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polytrauma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sequela</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pancreatic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intraductal Papillary MucinousNeoplasm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="14">Renal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acute Kidney Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chronic Kidney Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diabetes Insipidus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Elevated Alkaline Phosphatase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Elevated Uric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematuria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatorenal Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperosmolality</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interstitial Nephritis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kidney Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nephrolithiasis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nephropathy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Renal Mass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tubulointerstitial Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Reproductive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endometriosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enlarged Prostate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Impotence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prostatitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="17">Respiratory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Allergic Rhinitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Asthma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bronchiectasis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bronchitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chronic Obstructive PulmonaryDisease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cough</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dyspnea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypercarbia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lung Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pickwickian Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pleural Effusion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pneumonia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pneumonitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pulmonary Edema</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pulmonary Embolism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pulmonary Fibrosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pulmonary Infection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pulmonary MycobacterialInfection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pulmonary Nodules</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory Failure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Restrictive Lung Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shortness of Breath</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sinusitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Upper Respiratory Infection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">Thyroid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diaphoresis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Goiter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hashimoto's</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperparathyroidism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperthyroidism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypoparathyroidism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypothyroidism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thyroid Disorder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thyroid Nodule</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Urinary</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteriuria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bladder Diverticulus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cystitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dysuria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Frequent Urination</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overactive Bladder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urinary Retention</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urinary Tract Infection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="19">Vascular</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aneurysm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arterial Embolism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Artery Stenosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atherosclerosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cerebral Artery Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cerebral Microvascular Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cerebral Vascular Accident</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cerebrovascular Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coagulopathy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contusion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deep Vein Thrombosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edema</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epistaxis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gangrene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematoma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemorrhage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemorrhoids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocapnia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypoxemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypoxia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ischemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methemoglobinemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peripheral Vascular Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pulmonary Vascular Congestion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purpura</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stroke</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swelling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Syncope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thalassemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thrombocytopenia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thrombocytosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thrombosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transient Ischemic Attack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Varicose Veins</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venous Insufficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venous Ulcer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr></table>

# ACCURACY AT EXTREMES

An Accuracy at Extremes study was executed to conduct a more robust evaluation between Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System and the Yellow Springs Instrument (YSI) 2300 reference analyzer in the extreme upper and lower claimed blood glucose measuring range using a POC operator.

Capillary samples were collected and allowed to glycolyze or were spiked with high concentration glucose solution to acquire 100 samples for testing with the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System and the comparator: YSI 2300. There were 50 samples with glucose $< 8 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and 50 with glucose ${ > } 3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

The data for the Accuracy at Extremes Glucose Values study are presented in Table 15 below.

Table 15: Accuracy at extreme glucose value results for Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System vs YSI 2300 Reference Analyzer   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Glucose Concentrations &lt;80 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within    ±5mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within    ±10mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within ±12 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within    ±15mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Exceeds    ±15mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>43/50 (86%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>49/50 (98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>50/50 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>50/50 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0/50 (0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Glucose Concentrations &gt;300 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within ±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within   ±12%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within   ±15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within ±20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exceeds ±20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/50 (64%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>46/50 (92%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>50/50(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>50/50(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>50/50 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/50 (0%)</td></tr></table>

The results from this study demonstrated the proposed Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System provides highly accurate glucose results when testing in the extreme glucose ranges.

# USABILITY

A POC operator evaluation study was conducted during the clinical trial to evaluate the ease of use/understanding of the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The POC operator study involved POC operators filling out two usability questionnaires; one concerning the ease of use of the blood glucose meter system and one the ease of understanding of the Assure Titanium User Manual and the Quick Reference Guide (QRG). All the responses ( $100 \%$ combined) were positive i.e., Very Easy, Easy, or OK and indicated that the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System is easy to use. The overall rating of understanding the Quick ReferenceGuide and User Manual for Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System was positive with participants rating $100 \%$ in categories of Very Easy, Easy or OK (combined).

# Expected Values

Expected values for non-diabetics   
Expected blood glucose values for non-pregnant adults without diabetes1   
Fasting\* $\bf { < 1 0 0 m g / d L }$   
2 hours after meals $\bf { < 1 4 0 . m g / d L }$

\*Fasting is defined as no caloric intake for at least eight hours. Consult the patient's physician to determine the range that is appropriate for your patients.

1. American Diabetes Association. Standards of medical care in diabetes- 2021. Diabetes Care. 2021;44(1)pS17."

Labeling adequately communicates device intended use, safety precautions and directions for use. It satisfies 21 CFR 809.10 requirements for in vitro diagnostic devices.

# 9. Conclusion

The information provided in this $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification supports the Assure Titanium Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate, StatStrip Glucose Hospital Meter System.