October 1, 2020

Diamond Diagnostics Inc. Kathy Fisher   
Director, Quality Assurance 333 Fiske Street   
Holliston, MA 01746

Re: k200544 Trade/Device Name: SmartLyte® Plus Electrolyte Analyzer $\mathrm { N a ^ { + } / K ^ { + } / C l ^ { - } / C a ^ { + + } / L i ^ { + } }$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1600 Regulation Name: Potassium Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CEM, JGS, CGZ, JFP, JIH, JJE Dated: August 12, 2020 Received: September 1, 2020

Dear Kathy Fisher:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez- Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name SmartLyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Plus Electrolyte Analyzer $\mathrm { N a { + } / K { + } / C l { - } / C a { + } { + } / L i { + } }$

Indications for Use (Describe) The SmartLyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Plus is an automated, microprocessor-controlled analyzer which utilizes ion-selective electrodes for the measurement of sodium, potassium, chloride, calcium and lithium in Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Venous Whole Blood, as well as measurement of sodium, potassium and chloride in pre-diluted Urine samples.

The SmartLyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Plus Sodium Assay is intended to measure sodium in Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Urine on the SmartLyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Plus Electrolyte Analyzer. Measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism (excessive secretion of the hormone aldosterone), diabetes insipidus (chronic excretion of large amounts of dilute Urine, accompanied by extreme thirst), adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease (caused by destruction of the adrenal glands), dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

The SmartLyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Plus Potassium Assay is intended to measure potassium in Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Urine on the SmartLyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Plus Electrolyte Analyzer. Measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

The SmartLyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Plus Chloride Assay is intended to measure the level of chloride in Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Urine on the SmartLyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Plus Electrolyte Analyzer. Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

The SmartLyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Plus Calcium Assay is intended to measure ionized calcium levels in Venous Whole Blood, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Serum on the SmartLyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Plus Electrolyte Analyzer. Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).

The SmartLyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Plus Lithium Assay is intended to measure lithium (from the drug lithium carbonate) in Venous Whole Blood, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Serum on the SmartLyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Plus Electrolyte Analyzer. Measurements of lithium are used to assure that the proper drug dosage is administered in the treatment of patients with mental disturbances, such as manic-depressive illness (bipolar disorder).

For in-vitro diagnostic use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) 200544 Summary– SmartLyte® Plus Electrolyte Analyzer

# (1) Submitted by:

Diamond Diagnostics, Inc. 333 Fiske St. Holliston, MA 01746

# (2) Contact Person:

Kathy Fisher, Director Quality Assurance Phone: 508-429-0450 (x 358) Fax: 866-771-9608 E-mail: kfisher@diamonddiagnostics.com

(3) Summary Prepared: September 25, 2020 (4) Device Trade Name:

SmartLyte® Plus Electrolyte Analyzer Na+/K+/Cl-/Ca++/Li+ (5) Regulatory Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrete photometric chemistryanalyzer for clinical use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.2160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGZ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIH</td></tr></table>

# (6) Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SmartLyte®(GEMLYTE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K082462</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Calcium and Lithium</td></tr></table>

# Statement of Technology Characteristics of the Device Compared to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SmartLyte® Plus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentiometric Na*, K+, Cl, Ca*†, Li+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K082462</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# (7) Device Description:

The SmartLyte® Plus $\mathsf { N a } +$ , $\mathsf { K } +$ , Cl-, $\mathtt { C a + + }$ , $\mathsf { L i } +$ Electrolyte Analyzer which can test Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, Venous Whole Blood, pre-diluted Urine samples, and QC materials is substantially equivalent to it’s predicate SmartLyte® $\mathsf { N a } +$ , $\mathsf { K } +$ , Cl-, $\mathtt { C a + + }$ , $\mathsf { L i } +$ Electrolyte Analyzer which tests Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, Venous Whole Blood, pre-diluted Urine samples, and QC materials. Both are microprocessor-controlled analyzers which utilize ion-selective electrodes for the measurement of Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Calcium and Lithium in Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, Venous Whole Blood, pre-diluted Urine samples, and QC materials. The analyzer self-calibrates using Diamond Diagnostics Fluid Pack (510(k) 013850) every 4 hours throughout the day or on request. Sodium, Potassium, Chloride and Calcium are commonly measured for use in the diagnosis and management of patients with a broad range of renal, metabolic and cardiovascular disorders. Lithium is a drug used to treat mental illness. Mission controls (510 (k) 033063) are the recommended quality control material to be used daily.

The SmartLyte® Plus is intended to be a direct replacement for the SmartLyte® Electrolyte Analyzer (K082462).

The SmartLyte® Plus Electrolyte Analyzer is designed for clinical laboratory use by laboratory professionals to assess the levels of Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Calcium and Lithium found in Venous Whole Blood, Sodium Heparin Plasma, Serum, and Urine of patients. The analysis is performed in-vitro, and neither the analyzer nor any of its components come in contact with the patient.

This analyzer is used by laboratory trained technicians in clinical laboratories to aid in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with electrolyte imbalance and drug (lithium) regulation. These locations routinely conform to CLIA regulations and conduct daily quality control programs.

# (8) Indications for Use:

The SmartLyte® Plus is an automated, microprocessor-controlled analyzer which utilizes ion-selective electrodes for the measurement of sodium, potassium, chloride, calcium and lithium in Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Venous Whole Blood, as well as measurement of sodium, potassium and chloride in pre-diluted Urine samples.

The SmartLyte® Plus Sodium Assay is intended to measure sodium in Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Urine on the SmartLyte® Plus Electrolyte Analyzer. Measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism (excessive secretion of the hormone aldosterone), diabetes insipidus (chronic excretion of large amounts of dilute Urine, accompanied by extreme thirst), adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease (caused by destruction of the adrenal glands), dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

The SmartLyte® Plus Potassium Assay is intended to measure potassium in Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Urine on the SmartLyte® Plus Electrolyte Analyzer. Measurements obtained by his device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

The SmartLyte® Plus Chloride Assay is intended to measure the level of chloride in Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Urine on the SmartLyte® Plus Electrolyte Analyzer. Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

The SmartLyte® Plus Calcium Assay is intended to measure ionized calcium levels in Venous Whole Blood, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Serum on the SmartLyte® Plus Electrolyte Analyzer. Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).

The SmartLyte® Plus Lithium Assay is intended to measure lithium (from the drug lithium carbonate) in Venous Whole Blood, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Serum on the SmartLyte® Plus Electrolyte Analyzer. Measurements of lithium are used to assure that the proper drug dosage is administered in the treatment of patients with mental disturbances, such as manic-depressive illness (bipolar disorder).

For in-vitro diagnostic use only.

# Technological Characteristics of the Device:

# (9) Measurement Principles:

The principles of measurements used in the SmartLyte® Plus Electrolyte Analyzer are identical to those principles existing in the current SmartLyte® electrolyte analyzer (K082462) and AVL 9180 (K961458) and are substantially equivalent to the K823480 (IL Flame Photometer) and K810615 (925 Chloridometer).

The SmartLyte® Plus measures sodium, potassium, chloride, calcium and lithium in Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Urine using ion selective electrode technology. The sodium electrode contains a glass tube, specially formulated to be sensitive to sodium ions. The potassium, calcium and lithium each incorporate neutral carrier ionophore membranes which are highly selective for their respective ions. The chloride contains an ionophore covalently bound to a substrate which is sensitive to negatively charged ions. The potential of each electrode is measured relative to a fixed, stable reference established by a silver/silver chloride electrode in concentrated salt solution. The measured potential varies with the concentration of the ion sensed by the electrode.

# Comparison to Predicate Devices:

The SmartLyte® Plus software has been modified to measure samples within 30 seconds. In addition, the hardware was changed to allow saving of more than one sample or calibration result and increased QC storage capacity as well. The Hardware has also been modified to enable the instrument to have internet connection via LAN or WiFi. Moreover, an RFID board was added to the CPU board so that individual reagent packs can be monitored for fluid consumption. All other functionality has remained unchanged from the Predicate SmartLyte®.

The table below compares the Candidate Device to its predicates.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison to Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CANDIDATE DEVICE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREDICATE 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade/proprietary name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>martye Elecolyt Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na K CI Ca Li</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na K Cl Ca Li</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diamond Diagnosics Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diamond Diagnostics Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)/PMA reference number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K082462</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>od, Potassi, Chloride, CalcLithium determination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood, serum, plasma, urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ion Selective Electrodes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis time, blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 sec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57 sec</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis time, Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 sec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57 sec</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range, Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na 40 - 200 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K 1.7 - 15 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI 50 - 200 mmo/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca 0.3 - 5.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li 0.2 - 5.5 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range, Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na 3 - 300 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K 5 - 120 mmo/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI 15 - 300 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium: Blood, Plasma, Serum Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmalowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, within run CV ≤ 1 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, between run CV ≤ 2 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium: Blood, Plasma, Serum, Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, within run CV ≤ 1.5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, between run CV≤ 3 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride: Blood, Plasma, Serum Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, within run CV ≤ 1 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, between run CV ≤ 3 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 3 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lonized Calcium: Blood, Plasma, Serum, Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, within run sd ≤ 0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, between run sd ≤ 0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> Bloo Plasa, Ser, esion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, within run sd ≤ 0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, between run sd ≤ 0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium: Urine Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, within run CV ≤ 5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, between run CV ≤ 5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium: Urine Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, within run CV ≤ 5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, between run CV ≤ 5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride: Urine Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, within run CV ≤ 5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected, between run CV ≤ 5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic and on Demand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Pack</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard A 350 mlStandards B and C 85 ml eachReference Solution 85 mlWaste BagR/WRFID oitindvualfuid pack consumption</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>samesamesamesamesame</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEVELS 1, 2, 3 (500 each)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEVELS 1, 2, 3 (500 each)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Results Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Data Recall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recall by Date, Sample D Last SmpleAll Daily, All Weekly, All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Output</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5&quot; touchscreen color display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aealhy</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 Column thermal printer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RS-232 Serial port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USB Ports (4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USB Ports (2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RFID Board to R/W RFID Tag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Requirements</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100-240V 50/60Hz 1.6 A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microcontroller processor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STM32F407BG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM3S5B91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Program Flow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi level menu structure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single level menu structure</td></tr></table>

# Calibration:

The SmartLyte® Plus performs a 2-point calibration (3-point calibration if lithium) every 4 hours. The software also permits calibration on demand. A 1-point calibration is performed automatically with each measurement.

Technical Specifications: Analyzer tests samples for Na+/K+/Cl-/Ca+/Li+

# Sample Types:

Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, Aqueous, Urine

# Sample Size:

$9 5 \mu \iota$ Whole Blood, Plasma, Serum, 180µL 1:3 dilution of Urine

# Measurement Range:

Parameter Matrix Specified range   
Na+ B/P/S/Q 40 - 200 mmol/L U 3 - 300 mmol/L   
K+ B/P/S/Q 1.7 - 15 mmol/L U 5 - 120 mmol/L (60 – 120 mmol/L with additional dilutions)   
CI- B/P/S/Q 50 - 200 mmol/L U 15 - 300 mmol/L   
iCa++ B/P/S/Q 0.3 – 5.0 mmol/L   
Li+ B/P/S/Q 0.2 - 5.5 mmol/L

$\textsf { B } =$ Whole Blood P $=$ Plasma $\mathtt { S } =$ Serum Q $=$ Aqueous QC U = Urine

# Display Resolution:

Blood, Plasma, Serum, Aqueous QC

Na+: 0.1 mmol/L $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ : 0.01 mmol/L Cl-: 0.1 mmol/L ${ \mathsf { C a } } ^ { + + }$ : 0.001 mmol/L Li+: 0.001 mmol/L

# Urine

Na+: 0.1 mmol/L $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ : 0.01 mmol/L Cl-: 0.1 mmol/L

# Precision:

Blood, Plasma, Serum

<table><tr><td></td><td>Na+</td><td>K+</td><td>CI-</td><td></td><td>Ca*+</td><td>Li+</td></tr><tr><td>Within Run (n=30)</td><td>C.V. ≤ 1%</td><td>C.V. ≤ 1.5%</td><td>C.V.≤</td><td>2%</td><td>SD ≤ 0.02</td><td>SD ≤ 0.03</td></tr><tr><td>Between Run (10 days)</td><td>C.V. ≤ 2%</td><td>C.V. ≤ 3%</td><td>C.V. ≤</td><td>3%</td><td>SD ≤ 0.06</td><td>SD ≤ 0.09</td></tr></table>

# Urine

<table><tr><td></td><td>Na+</td><td>K+</td><td>CI-</td></tr><tr><td>Within Range (n=30)</td><td>C.V.≤ 5%</td><td>C.V.≤ 5%</td><td>C.V. ≤ 5%</td></tr><tr><td>Between Run (10 days)</td><td>C.V.≤ 5%</td><td>C.V. ≤ 5%</td><td>C.V. ≤ 5%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Analysis Time</td><td>30 seconds</td></tr><tr><td>Calibration</td><td>Every 4 hours, on demand</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>2-point calibration Na*, K+, Cl, Ca++</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>3-point calibration Li+</td></tr></table>

Power   
120 VAC, 5 Hz, 6 A or   
220-240 VAC, 24 Hz, 2 A (Factory set)

Size and Weight 12.4” (31.5cm) W x 13.2” (33.5cm) H x 11.6” (29.5cm) D, 13 lbs. (<6 kg)

# (10) Summary of nonclinical tests submitted with the premarket notification for device.

Precision - Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma and Urine.

# REFERENCE

Precision was evaluated based on the following reference:

Clinical Laboratory Standard Institute – CLSI, EP5-A3 Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline-3rd Edition.

# Precision – Within Run

Within run precision was calculated using Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, aqueous, and Urine samples for each measurand. Anticoagulant used for collecting Venous Whole Blood and Sodium Heparin Plasma samples was Sodium Heparin. The sample concentrations were at the low and high end of reference ranges and near the mid-point range. The protocol called for running 30 replicates of each sample without calibration between measurements. The replicates were run consecutively in one day.

Serum/Blood/Plasma $\mathsf { N a } +$ C.V. ≤ 1% $\mathsf { K } +$ C.V. ≤ 1.5% Cl- C.V. ≤ 1% Ca++ SD ≤ 0.02 Li+ SD ≤ 0.03

Urine (1:3 dilution) C.V. $\leq 5 \%$   
C.V. $\leq 5 \%$   
C.V. $\leq 5 \%$

# Precision – Total

Total precision was calculated for all the Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Urine samples with concentrations spanning the reportable range. For Sodium Heparin Plasma, Serum, and Urine, each sample was tested in duplicate over a period of 20 days. Venous Whole Blood samples were tested over a 2-hour time period on 2 instruments with a calibration at the beginning and in the middle of testing. This was done since Sodium heparin Venous Whole Blood is not stable for long periods of time. A total of 20 samples were collected from 2 instruments to achieve a total of 40 replicates

Serum/Blood/Plasma Na+ C.V. ≤ 2% $\mathsf { K } +$ C.V. ≤ 3% Cl- C.V. ≤ 3% Ca++ SD ≤ 0.06 Li+ SD ≤ 0.09

Urine (1:3 dilution) C.V. $\leq 5 \%$   
${ \mathsf { C } } . { \mathsf { V } } . \leq 5 \%$   
C.V. ≤ 5%

# Precision Serum, mmol/L

<table><tr><td>Within Run</td><td>Na</td><td>K+</td><td>CI-</td><td>Ca++</td><td>Li+</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>115.13</td><td>2.610</td><td>76.24</td><td>0.4503</td><td>0.5612</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>0.95</td><td>0.031</td><td>0.47</td><td>0.0033</td><td>0.0050</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>0.82</td><td>1.20</td><td>0.62</td><td>0.74</td><td>0.89</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td></tr><tr><td>Criteria</td><td>≤1</td><td>≤1.5</td><td>≤1</td><td>≤0.02</td><td>≤0.03</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Within Run</td><td>Na</td><td>K+</td><td>CI-</td><td>Ca++</td><td>Li+</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>132.48</td><td>4.167</td><td>103.41</td><td>1.0923</td><td>1.1763</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>0.20</td><td>0.011</td><td>0.33</td><td>0.0041</td><td>0.0101</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>0.15</td><td>0.27</td><td>0.32</td><td>0.37</td><td>0.86</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td></tr><tr><td>Criteria</td><td>≤1</td><td>≤1.5</td><td>≤1</td><td>≤0.02</td><td>≤0.03</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.859</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5722</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2646</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0068</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0220</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run to Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.09</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Run to Run</td><td>Na</td><td>K+</td><td>CI-</td><td>Ca++</td><td>Li+</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>132.43</td><td>4.95</td><td>104.70</td><td>1.09</td><td>1.18</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>0.80</td><td>0.06</td><td>0.66</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.01</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>0.60</td><td>1.20</td><td>0.63</td><td>0.27</td><td>0.89</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td></tr><tr><td>Criteria</td><td>≤2</td><td>≤3</td><td>≤3</td><td>≤0.06</td><td>≤0.09</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run to Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.09</td></tr></table>

# Precision Plasma, mmol/L

<table><tr><td>Within Run</td><td>Na</td><td>K+</td><td>CI-</td><td>Ca++</td><td>Li+</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>108.63</td><td>2.533</td><td>83.20</td><td>0.5028</td><td>0.4120</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>0.32</td><td>0.016</td><td>0.28</td><td>0.0021</td><td>0.0033</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>0.29</td><td>0.62</td><td>0.33</td><td>0.42</td><td>0.79</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td></tr><tr><td>Criteria</td><td>≤1</td><td>≤1.5</td><td>≤1</td><td>≤0.02</td><td>≤0.03</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.327</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3297</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0684</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0194</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Within Run</td><td>Na*</td><td>K+</td><td>CI-</td><td>Ca++</td><td>Li+</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>167.73</td><td>6.885</td><td>140.93</td><td>1.6685</td><td>1.7837</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>0.72</td><td>0.037</td><td>0.73</td><td>0.0077</td><td>0.0157</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>0.43</td><td>0.54</td><td>0.52</td><td>0.46</td><td>0.88</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td></tr><tr><td>Criteria</td><td>≤1</td><td>≤1.5</td><td>≤1</td><td>≤0.02</td><td>≤0.03</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run to Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.09</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Run to Run</td><td>Na</td><td>K+</td><td>CI-</td><td>Ca++</td><td>Li+</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>135.15</td><td>4.10</td><td>108.83</td><td>1.33</td><td>1.06</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>0.88</td><td>0.06</td><td>0.92</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.02</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>0.65</td><td>1.53</td><td>0.85</td><td>0.24</td><td>1.67</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td></tr><tr><td>Criteria</td><td>≤2</td><td>≤3</td><td>≤3</td><td>≤0.06</td><td>≤0.09</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Run to Run</td><td>Na</td><td>K+</td><td>CI-</td><td>Ca++</td><td>Li+</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>167.16</td><td>6.88</td><td>142.60</td><td>1.67</td><td>1.79</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>1.58</td><td>0.26</td><td>1.66</td><td>0.01</td><td>0.01</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>0.94</td><td>3.78</td><td>1.17</td><td>0.54</td><td>0.73</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td></tr><tr><td>Criteria</td><td>≤2</td><td>≤3</td><td>_3</td><td>≤0.06</td><td>≤0.09</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

# Precision Whole Blood, mmol/L

<table><tr><td>Within Run</td><td>Na</td><td>K+</td><td>CI-</td><td>Ca++</td><td>Li+</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>103.35</td><td>2.717</td><td>81.15</td><td>0.6546</td><td>0.5242</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>0.48</td><td>0.032</td><td>0.71</td><td>0.0029</td><td>0.0036</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>0.47</td><td>1.19</td><td>0.88</td><td>0.45</td><td>0.69</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td></tr><tr><td>Criteria</td><td>≤1</td><td>≤1.5</td><td>≤1</td><td>≤0.02</td><td>≤0.03</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.575</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0664</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9842</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0122</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Within Run</td><td>Na*</td><td>K+</td><td>CI-</td><td>Ca++</td><td>Li+</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>163.33</td><td>7.177</td><td>139.91</td><td>1.6935</td><td>1.5573</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>0.96</td><td>0.025</td><td>0.85</td><td>0.0197</td><td>0.0285</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>0.59</td><td>0.35</td><td>0.61</td><td>1.16</td><td>1.83</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td><td>30</td></tr><tr><td>Criteria</td><td>≤1</td><td>≤1.5</td><td>≤1</td><td>≤0.02</td><td>≤0.03</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Run to Run</td><td>Na</td><td>K+</td><td>CI</td><td>Ca++</td><td>Li+</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>103.10</td><td>2.72</td><td>81.75</td><td>0.65</td><td>0.52</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>0.37</td><td>0.02</td><td>0.86</td><td>0.01</td><td>0.01</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>0.36</td><td>0.63</td><td>1.05</td><td>1.05</td><td>1.60</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td></tr><tr><td>Criteria</td><td>≤2</td><td>≤3</td><td>≤3</td><td>≤0.06</td><td>≤0.09</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Run to Run</td><td>Na*</td><td>K+</td><td>CI-</td><td>Ca++</td><td>Li+</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>139.34</td><td>4.36</td><td>106.57</td><td>1.07</td><td>0.97</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>0.53</td><td>0.03</td><td>0.84</td><td>0.02</td><td>0.01</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>0.38</td><td>0.75</td><td>0.78</td><td>1.83</td><td>1.52</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td></tr><tr><td>Criteria</td><td>≤2</td><td>≤3</td><td>≤3</td><td>≤0.06</td><td>0.09</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Run to Run</td><td>Na*</td><td>K+</td><td>CI-</td><td>Ca++</td><td>Li+</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>163.18</td><td>7.15</td><td>141.54</td><td>1.67</td><td>1.52</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>0.63</td><td>0.17</td><td>1.16</td><td>0.03</td><td>0.05</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>0.38</td><td>2.44</td><td>0.82</td><td>1.57</td><td>3.33</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td></tr><tr><td>Criteria</td><td>≤2</td><td>≤3</td><td>≤3</td><td>≤0.06</td><td>≤0.09</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

# Precision Urine, mmol/L

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.811</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.644</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171.262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151.70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.967</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run to Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.44</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run to Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run to Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152.85</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.87</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

Linearity - Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma and Urine.

# REFERENCE

Linearity was evaluated based on the following reference:

Clinical Laboratory Standard Institute – CLSI, EP6-A Evaluation of Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline.

Linearity was evaluated by preparing stock solutions with high concentrations of ${ \mathsf { N } } { \mathsf { a } } ^ { + }$ , $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ , Cl and ${ \mathsf { C a } } ^ { + + }$ in pooled Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma and Urine solutions. These stocks were diluted to concentrations across the measuring ranges of each analyte and matrix. Linear regression was performed on the results using expected values based on the stock sample dilution. The results are shown below.

Serum, measured compared to Expected Values, mmol/L   

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>R2</td><td>Range</td><td>Steyx</td><td>n</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium</td><td>1.01</td><td>2.60</td><td>0.9990</td><td>40 -200</td><td>1.82</td><td>48</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium</td><td>1.02</td><td>0.03</td><td>0.9992</td><td>1.7-15</td><td>0.12</td><td>75</td></tr><tr><td>Chloride</td><td>1.00</td><td>1.89</td><td>0.9991</td><td>50 - 200</td><td>1.73</td><td>45</td></tr><tr><td>Calcium</td><td>0.98</td><td>-0.22</td><td>0.9939</td><td>0.3 - 5.0</td><td>0.12</td><td>72</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium</td><td>1.03</td><td>-0.05</td><td>0.9995</td><td>0.2- 5.5</td><td>0.04</td><td>70</td></tr></table>

# Plasma, measured compared to Expected Values, mmol/L

Whole Blood, measured compared to Expected Values, mmol/L   

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>R{2</td><td>Range</td><td>Steyx</td><td>n</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium</td><td>1.00</td><td>5.29</td><td>0.9988</td><td>40 -200</td><td>1.99</td><td>75</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium</td><td>1.01</td><td>0.07</td><td>0.9993</td><td>1.7- 15</td><td>0.12</td><td>75</td></tr><tr><td>Chloride</td><td>0.97</td><td>6.29</td><td>0.9997</td><td>50 - 200</td><td>0.71</td><td>39</td></tr><tr><td>Calcium</td><td>1.01</td><td>0.06</td><td>0.9970</td><td>0.3 - 5.0</td><td>0.08</td><td>42</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium</td><td>1.00</td><td>-0.08</td><td>0.9983</td><td>0.2- 5.5</td><td>0.06</td><td>42</td></tr></table>

Urine, measured compared to Expected Values, mmol/L   

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>R2</td><td>Range</td><td>Steyx</td><td>n</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium</td><td>1.02</td><td>-4.52</td><td>0.9986</td><td>40-200</td><td>2.00</td><td>54</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium</td><td>1.02</td><td>-0.15</td><td>0.9990</td><td>1.7 - 15</td><td>0.14</td><td>69</td></tr><tr><td>Chloride</td><td>0.97</td><td>12.07</td><td>0.9974</td><td>50 - 200</td><td>2.61</td><td>42</td></tr><tr><td>Calcium</td><td>1.00</td><td>-0.09</td><td>0.9983</td><td>0.3- 5.0</td><td>0.07</td><td>52</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium</td><td>0.97</td><td>0.13</td><td>0.9977</td><td>0.2 - 5.5</td><td>0.07</td><td>39</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>R2</td><td>Range</td><td>Steyx</td><td>n</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium</td><td>1.00</td><td>2.83</td><td>0.9988</td><td>3- 300</td><td>3.43</td><td>19</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium</td><td>1.00</td><td>-0.48</td><td>0.9984</td><td>5- 120</td><td>1.71</td><td>19</td></tr><tr><td>Chloride</td><td>1.03</td><td>-7.24</td><td>0.9987</td><td>15-300</td><td>4.00</td><td>19</td></tr></table>

The linearity studies support the following reportable range.

Measuring Range Serum

Na: 40 - 200 mmol/L K: 1.7 - 15 mmol/L Cl: 50 - 200 mmol/L Ca: 0.3 - 5.0 mmol/L Li: 0.2 - 5.5 mmol/L

Measuring Range Plasma

Na: 40 - 200 mmol/L K: 1.7 - 15 mmol/L Cl: 50 - 200 mmol/L Ca: 0.3 - 5.0 mmol/L Li: 0.2 - 5.5 mmol/L

# Measuring Range Whole Blood

Na: 40 - 200 mmol/L K: 1.7 - 15 mmol/L Cl: 50 - 200 mmol/L Ca: 0.3 - 5.0 mmol/L Li: 0.2 - 5.5 mmol/L

Measuring Range Urine

Na: 3 - 300 mmol/L K: 5 - 120 mmol/L Cl: 15 - 300 mmol/L

# Interference –

Please refer to previous investigation carried out on predicate device SmartLyte® 510k 082462.

# Traceability -

The SmartLyte® Plus Na assay is traceable to a flame emission spectrophotometry reference method, which uses reference materials from the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST).

The SmartLyte® Plus K assay is traceable to a flame emission spectrophotometry reference method, which uses reference materials from the NIST.

The SmartLyte® Plus Cl assay is traceable to a coulometric reference method, which uses reference materials from the NIST.

The SmartLyte® Plus $\mathtt { C a + + }$ assay is traceable to a flame emission spectrophotometry reference method, which uses reference materials from the NIST.

The SmartLyte® Plus $\mathsf { L i } +$ assay is traceable flame emission spectrophotometry reference method, which uses reference materials from the NIST.

# Detection Limit –

The sponsor performed a study to evaluate the limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD) and limit of quantification for ionized calcium and ionized lithium using altered Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma, and Venous Whole Blood samples. Study samples were prepared from Serum and heparinized (sodium heparin) Venous Whole Blood and Sodium Heparin Plasma samples. Varying amounts of sodium citrate were added to some samples to bind the ionized calcium and create blank and low level samples for $\mathtt { C a + + }$ . Blank samples for $\mathsf { L i } +$ were made by spiking (using 1M LiCl solution) or dilution of the various sample types using saline solution. All the prepared samples were analyzed on the reference analyzer (Flame Photometer SN 86011421) to obtain the target values.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%TE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptanceritria for%TE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClaimedMeasurementRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum -Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.541</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.299</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 - 5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum - Li+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.079</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2-6.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma -Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.072</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.868</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3- 5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma -Li+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.085</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2-5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood-Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.043</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 - 5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood-Li+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.077</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.208</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2- 5.5</td></tr></table>

The performance at the lower end of the measuring range for calcium and lithium is supported by the linearity studies.

# (11) Summary of clinical tests

Method Comparison - Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma and Urine.

# REFERENCE

Method Comparison for Serum was evaluated based on the following reference:

Clinical Laboratory Standard Institute – CLSI, EP09-A3 Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline 3rd Edition.

Method Comparison testing was conducted to demonstrate the correlation of Diamond Diagnostics SmartLyte® Plus Analyzer to predicate devices operated by trained personnel. Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma and Urine samples were collected for testing on the SmartLyte® Plus and the predicate device, the SmartLyte®. The anticoagulant used for all the samples was Sodium Heparin. Some samples were spiked or diluted to fully span the claimed measuring ranges. The results are summarized below. Regression analysis show good correlation to predicate with correlation coefficients typically greater than 0.99 and slope values between 0.97 and 1.03.

Serum Comparison SmartLyte® Plus versus SmartLyte® (K082462), mmol/L   

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>R2</td><td>Range</td><td>Steyx</td><td>n</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium</td><td>1.01</td><td>-0.98</td><td>0.9960</td><td>42.5 - 200.7</td><td>1.33</td><td>117</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium</td><td>1.02</td><td>-0.23</td><td>0.9972</td><td>1.7 - 14.9</td><td>0.09</td><td>118</td></tr><tr><td>Chloride</td><td>1.01</td><td>-1.60</td><td>0.9958</td><td>50.1 - 198.5</td><td>1.08</td><td>125</td></tr><tr><td>Calcium</td><td>1.01</td><td>-0.02</td><td>0.9963</td><td>0.3 - 5.0</td><td>0.04</td><td>117</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium</td><td>1.00</td><td>0.08</td><td>0.9939</td><td>0.2- 5.3</td><td>0.06</td><td>109</td></tr></table>

Plasma Comparison SmartLyte® Plus versus SmartLyte® (K082462), mmol/L   

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>R2</td><td>Range</td><td>Steyx</td><td>n</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium</td><td>1.02</td><td>-3.04</td><td>0.9962</td><td>40.6 - 198.5</td><td>1.40</td><td>110</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium</td><td>1.00</td><td>-0.13</td><td>0.9945</td><td>1.8 - 14.8</td><td>0.13</td><td>125</td></tr><tr><td>Chloride</td><td>0.99</td><td>0.33</td><td>0.9954</td><td>52.7 - 200.1</td><td>1.24</td><td>118</td></tr><tr><td>Calcium</td><td>1.03</td><td>-0.04</td><td>0.9982</td><td>0.3- 4.6</td><td>0.03</td><td>113</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium</td><td>0.98</td><td>0.12</td><td>0.9940</td><td>0.2 - 5.3</td><td>0.05</td><td>122</td></tr></table>

Whole Blood Comparison SmartLyte® Plus versus SmartLyte® (K082462), mmol/L   

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>R2$</td><td>Range</td><td>Steyx</td><td>n</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium</td><td>1.00</td><td>0.77</td><td>0.9987</td><td>43.7 - 198.6</td><td>0.67</td><td>109</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium</td><td>0.97</td><td>-0.08</td><td>0.9953</td><td>2.1 - 14.9</td><td>0.10</td><td>109</td></tr><tr><td>Chloride</td><td>1.03</td><td>-5.35</td><td>0.9952</td><td>51.4 - 197.8</td><td>1.16</td><td>108</td></tr><tr><td>Calcium</td><td>1.00</td><td>0.03</td><td>0.9983</td><td>0.3 - 5.1</td><td>0.02</td><td>112</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium</td><td>1.01</td><td>0.09</td><td>0.9960</td><td>0.2 - 5.4</td><td>0.05</td><td>110</td></tr></table>

Urine Comparison SmartLyte® Plus versus SmartLyte® (K082462), mmol/L   

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>R{2</td><td>Range</td><td>Steyx</td><td>n</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium</td><td>1.01</td><td>-2.48</td><td>0.9985</td><td>5.0 - 290.0</td><td>1.91</td><td>117</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium</td><td>1.03</td><td>-0.49</td><td>0.9984</td><td>5.4 - 119.5</td><td>0.83</td><td>115</td></tr><tr><td>Chloride</td><td>1.00</td><td>2.42</td><td>0.9977</td><td>17.0 - 297.2</td><td>2.18</td><td>118</td></tr></table>

The method comparison study supports correlation in the following reportable range.

Measuring Range Serum

Na: 40 - 200 mmol/L K: 1.7 - 15 mmol/L Cl: 50 - 200 mmol/L Ca: 0.3 - 5.0 mmol/L Li: 0.2 - 5.5 mmol/L

Measuring Range Plasma

Na: 40 - 200 mmol/L K: 1.7 - 15 mmol/L Cl: 50 - 200 mmol/L Ca: 0.3 - 5.0 mmol/L Li: 0.2 - 5.5 mmol/L

Measuring Range Whole Blood

Na: 40 - 200 mmol/L K: 1.7 - 15 mmol/L Cl: 50 - 200 mmol/L Ca: 0.3 - 5.0 mmol/L Li: 0.2 - 5.5 mmol/L

Measuring Range Urine

Na: 3 - 300 mmol/L K: 5 - 120 mmol/L Cl: 15 - 300 mmol/L

# (12) Conclusions drawn from the clinical and non-clinical testing.

Analysis of the Venous Whole Blood, Serum, Sodium Heparin Plasma and Urine comparative measurements presented in the 510(k) for this device, together with the linearity and precision data collected during these clinical and nonclinical trials demonstrates that the Diamond Diagnostics SmartLyte® Plus Electrolyte Analyzer (with $\mathsf { N a } ^ { + }$ , $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ , Cl-, ${ \mathsf { C a } } ^ { + + }$ , Li+) is safe, effective and substantially equivalent to the predicate devices, SmartLyte® ISE Analyzer (K082462).