September 1, 2021

EPS Bio Technology Corp.   
Steve Tseng   
QA Manager   
No. 8 R&D RD.III Hsinchu Science Park Hsinchu City, 30077   
Taiwan

Re: K201258 Trade/Device Name: EASYMAX Tag Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW Dated: January 20, 2021 Received: January 22, 2021

Dear Steve Tseng:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name EASYMAX $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Tag Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose System

Indications for Use (Describe) The EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose System is comprised of the EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag meter and the EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag test strips. The kit is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole moo e feiene be ontroThe stem ot beusas, ororheo

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# EPS BIO TECHNOLOGY CORP.

# 510(k) Summary of EASYMAX $\textbf { \textregistered }$ Tag Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose System (As required by 21 CFR 807.92)

Type of 510(k): Special 510(k)

510(k) Number: K201258

# Submitter Information

Company Name: EPS Bio Technology Corp.   
Address: No. 8, R&D Rd.III Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu city 30076 Taiwan, R.O.C   
Phone: +886-3-6686868#601   
Fax: +886-3-6686866   
Contact Person: Steve Tseng   
E-mail: Steve.tseng@epsbio.com.tw

# Device Name

Proprietary Name: EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose System   
Common Name: Blood Glucose Test System   
Product Code: NBW   
Classification Name: Blood Glucose Test System, Over-the Counter   
Classification: Class II   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345

# Predicate Device

Proprietary Name: EasyMax MU Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose System 510(k) Number: K121207

# Device Description

The modified device of EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag (EM Tag) self-monitoring blood glucose system is derived from the existing device of EasyMax MU glucose meter and the modified device contain

# EPS BIO TECHNOLOGY CORP.

the NFC (Near-field communication) function to transfer glucose results to the mobile app. The self-monitoring blood glucose system consists of a blood glucose meter and test strips which are designed, tested, and verified to work together as a system to produce accurate blood glucose test results. The electrochemical principle on the test strip is the reaction of FAD glucose dehydrogenase (FAD-GDH) with blood glucose and a small electrical current generated proportional to the glucose concentration in the blood sample. The meter measures the current and displays the blood glucose result.

# Intended Use/Indications for Use:

A Intended Use(s): See Indications for Use below.

# B Indication(s) for Use:

The system consists of the EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag meter and the EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag test strips. The EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag meter only is used with the EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag test strips to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from fingertip, palm, or forearm. The EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, palm, or forearm. Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter [OTC]) by a single patient with diabetes and should not be shared, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The system is not to be used on neonates, nor for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes mellitus. Alternative site testing can be only used during steady-state blood glucose conditions.

# C Special Conditions for Use Statement(s):

- OTC - Over The Counter

- For in vitro diagnostic use

- The EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose System is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared.

- The system is not to be used on neonates, nor for the diagnosis of, or screening for

diabetes mellitus.

- Should not be used at altitude above 10,000 feet as there may be an inaccurate test results.

- A hematocrit (percentage of your blood that is red blood cells) that is either higher than $60 \%$ or lower than $20 \%$ can cause inaccurate results.

- Use of this device on multiple patients may cause the potential risk to transmission of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), Hepatitis C Virus (HCV), Hepatitis B Virus (HBV), or other bloodborne pathogens.

# D Special Instrument Requirements:

EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag Blood Glucose Meter

# Comparison to the Predicate

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>Predicate Device</td><td>Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>EasyMax MU K121207 EasyMax MU Self-Monitoring</td><td>EASYMAX® Tag K201258</td></tr><tr><td>Intended use</td><td>Blood Glucose System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from fingertip, palm, or forearm. Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter [OTC]) by a single patient with diabetes and should not be shared, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The system is not to be used on neonates, nor for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes mellitus. Alternative site testing can be only used during steady-state blood</td><td>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td>Sample type</td><td>glucose conditions. Fresh capillary whole blood</td><td>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Finger, palm or forearm.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reaction Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit (HCT) Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-60%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating condition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-104°F(10-40°C)&lt;90 % RH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Condition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38-86°F(2-30°C)40-85% RH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemical biosensortechnique</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FAD glucose dehydrogenase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mediator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium Ferricyanide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pin assignment of Teststrip electrode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Unit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Case material</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polycarbonate (PC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Case Texture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Textured Surface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Supply</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5V AAA *2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CR2032 * 1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Over 2000 tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Around 1000 times</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter shape</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">oval shape</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rectangle shape</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter color</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Black</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">White</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Button</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 buttons</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 buttons</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Dimension</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94(L) x 50 (W) x 19.5(T) mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74(L) × 47(W) × 12.4 (T) mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight w/o battery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39 grams</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26 grams</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCD Dimension</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.0 x 36.0 mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28(L) × 29(W)mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display icons</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No.88 M 88888  mae(Real Photo)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8888 88:88888   6    6(Drawing)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip Insert location</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Upper meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lower meter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip Ejector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory sets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">480 test results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">880 test results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Average on 7/14/30/90 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Mode and Control SolutionMode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Mode (before meal, aftermeal) and Control SolutionAuto Measurement Mode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High/ Low Limit Function</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High/ Low Setting and Glucoselevel indication</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Transfer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFC</td></tr></table>

In comparison with the predicate device, the modifications of the proposed device are as below:

1. Change the product name.   
2. Hardware changes for power supply and also for battery life.   
3. Meter outlook change with shape, color, buttons, dimension, weight, LCD dimension, display icon, insert location of test strip and strip ejector.   
4. Software(firmware) changes with meter functions for display icons, buttons, memory mode, Test Mode (before meal, after meal), Control Solution Auto Measurement Mode and High/ Low Limit function.   
5. Addition of the NFC function (hardware and firmware changes): wireless data transfers to a mobile device and the meter can communicate with a mobile by EzGluco TAG App.

Other than the above modification, the following remains the same to the predicate device:

Has the same intended use Uses the same operating principle Uses the same glucose test strips

# EPS BIO TECHNOLOGY CORP.

Due to the addition of wireless data transfer function, cybersecurity also becomes a necessary item for risk control. There is a risk analysis of software (firmware) about the data transmission list in risk management report. And, another summary plan & report about the intra-net infra-structure control can confirm this cybersecurity issue.

# Summary of Design Control Activities

Based on the modifications, the risk analysis was assessed and the risks were identified and controlled with verifications and validation activities which mitigated the risk index to acceptability. The risk analysis and design control activities were summarized below:

# Risk Analysis

The risk analysis was conducted according to ISO 14971:2007 standard. A Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA) was assessed to identify potential hazard and unaccepted risks for each modification. The control measures were to mitigate these risks to acceptable level with the implemented verification and validation activities. The complete analysis was in EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag SMBGS risk management report in this submission.

# Verification and Validation activities

The verification and validate (V&V) activities were conducted based on the impact of the modification and detailed in the EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag SMBGS risk management report. The similar V&V testing with similar acceptance criteria as the predicate was performed and the design outputs met pre-determined design inputs was confirmed in the software validation report in this submission.

# Conclusion

The modified device, EASYMAX $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tag SMBGS, has the same intended use and fundamental scientific technology as the predicate, EasyMax MU SMBGS which received 510 (k) clearance K121207.

After conducting risk analysis and design control activities, the modified device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.