October 16, 2020

OSANG Healthcare Co., Ltd. $\%$ Priscilla Chung   
Regulatory Affairs Consultant LK Consulting Group USA, Inc. 1150 Roosevelt STE 200   
Irvine, CA 92620

Re: K201396 Trade/Device Name: Finetest Lite Smart Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW Dated: October 16, 2020 Received: September 16, 2020

Dear Priscilla Chung:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Finetest Lite Smart Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
T Bo Glu n Lite Smart Blood Glucose Test Strips.

The Finetest LieSmart Blood Glucose Monitorin Syste ntendedor he quantitativemeasurement gluos . Th e imr Bloo GluMo ystn s  ge pa n houl shared.

The Finetest Limar Bloo GlueMotriysteteeorstiusi he ody niic t state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

Then i ar Blo Gluces Sips os it heie i mr Met  vy ventral palm, dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm, calf and thigh.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary (K201396)

This summary of 510(K) information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21 CFR Part 807.92.

Date: 10/16/2020

# 1. Applicant / Submitter:

OSANG Healthcare Co., Ltd.   
132, Anyangcheondong-Ro   
Dongan-Gu   
Anyang, Gyeonggido, 14040, Republic of Korea Tel : +82-31-460-0415 Fax : +82-31-460-0401

# 2. Submission Correspondent:

Priscilla Chung   
LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.   
1150 Roosevelt, STE 200, Irvine CA 92620 Irvine, CA 92620   
Phone: 714-202-5789 Fax: 714-409-3357 Email: juhee.c@lkconsultinggroup.com

# 3. Device:

Trade Name:   
Finetest Lite Smart Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Classification Name:   
Blood Glucose Test System   
Classification regulation:   
21 CFR Part 862.1345   
Product Code:   
NBW

# 4. Predicate Device:

Oh'Care Lite Smart Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K182286) by OSANG Healthcare Co., Ltd.

# 5. Description:

The Finetest Lite Smart Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of a meter, test strips, control solution and a lancing device. This blood glucose test system is an in vitro diagnostic device designed for measuring the concentration of glucose in blood by means of an electrical current produced in the test strip and sent to the meter for measurement.

# 6. Indications for use:

The Finetest lite Smart Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the Finetest Lite Smart meter and the Finetest Lite Smart Blood Glucose Test Strips.

The Finetest Lite Smart Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertips, ventral palm, dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm, calf and thigh. The Finetest Lite Smart Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared.

The Finetest Lite Smart Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. It should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady–state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The Finetest Lite Smart Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the Finetest Lite Smart Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. Fresh capillary whole blood samples may be drawn from the fingertips, ventral palm, dorsal hand, upper arm, forearm, calf and thigh.

# 7. Comparison to the Cleared Device

The modifications are changes in the meter appearance. Other than these modifications, the modified meter is identical to the predicate device in terms of indications for use, technological characteristics, and specifications.

# 8. Performance Data

Non-clinical: Verification, validation and testing activities were conducted to establish the performance, functionality and reliability characteristics of the modified devices. The device passed all of the tests based on pre-determined Pass/Fail criteria.

Disinfection Study: Disinfectant CaviWipes with the EPA registration number of 46781-8 has been validated demonstrating complete inactivation of live virus of use with the meter.

# 9. Conclusion

The conclusion drawn from the verification/validation activities is that the subject devices is substantially equivalent to the predicated device.