Ortho Clinical Diagnostics Ann Quinn Director, Regulatory Affairs 100 Indigo Creek Drive Rochester, New York 14626

Re: K201312 Trade/Device Name: VITROS $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Immunodiagnostic Products NT-proBNP II Reagent Pack Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1117 Regulation Name: B-Type Natriuretic Peptide Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBC Dated: November 6, 2020 Received: November 9, 2020

Dear Ann Quinn:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name VITROS@ Immunodiagnostic Products NT-proBNP II Reagent Pack

Indications for Use (Describe) For in vitro diagnostic use only.

For the quantitative measurement of N-terminal pro Brain Natriuretic Peptide (NT-proBNP) in human serum and plasma (K2 EDTA or Lithium Heparin) using the VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic System to aid in the diagnosis of heart failure. The test can also be used in the assessment of heart failure severity in patients diagnosed with heart failure.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K201312

1. Submitter   
name,   
address,   
contact Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc.   
100 Indigo Creek Drive   
Rochester, NY 14626   
P: (585) 453-4152   
F: (585) 453-3113   
Contact Person: Ann Quinn, Director, Regulatory Affairs

# 2. Preparation Date

September 23, 2021

# 3. Device name

# Trade or Proprietary Names:

VITROS® Immunodiagnostic Products NT-proBNP II Reagent Pack   
Common Name: VITROS NT-proBNP II   
Classification: B-Type natriuretic peptide test system (862.1117)   
Class II   
Product Code: NBC

4. Predicate Device

Roche Elecsys® proBNP II Immunoassay, K072437

5. Device description

The VITROS NT-proBNP II test is performed using the VITROS VITROS NT-proBNP II Reagent Pack and the VITROS NT-proBNP II Calibrators on the VITROS Systems.

The VITROS NT-proBNP II test utilizes a one-step immunometric bridging assay design. A well is pushed from the pack and patient sample is dispensed into the antibody coated well. The assay reagent and the conjugate reagent are then dispensed into the well with the patient sample. NT-proBNP present in the sample binds with horseradish peroxidase (HRP)-labeled antibody conjugate which is captured by biotinylated antiNT-proBNP capture antibody which is bound to Streptavidin coated

microwells. The well is incubated for 8 minutes, before unbound materials are removed by washing.

The bound HRP conjugate is measured by a luminescent reaction. A reagent containing luminogenic substrate (a luminol derivative and a peracid salt) and an electron transfer agent, is added to the wells. The HRP in the bound conjugate catalyzes the oxidation of the luminol derivative, producing light. The electron transfer agent (a substituted acetanilide) increases the level of light produced and prolongs its emission. The light signals are read by the System. The amount of HRP conjugate bound is directly proportional to the concentration of NT-proBNP present.

For the quantitative measurement of N-terminal pro Brain Natriuretic Peptide (NT-proBNP) in human serum and plasma $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA or Lithium Heparin) using the VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic System to aid in the diagnosis of heart failure. The test can also be used in the assessment of heart failure severity in patients diagnosed with heart failure.

6. Device intended use   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceVITROS NT-proBNP II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceRoche Elecsys proBNPII Immunoassay,K072437</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rx ONLYFor in vitro diagnostic use only.For the quantitative measurement of N-terminal pro BrainNatriuretic Peptide (NT-proBNP) in human serum andplasma (K2 EDTA or Lithium Heparin) using the VITROS3600 Immunodiagnostic System to aid in the diagnosis ofheart failure. The test can also be used in the assessment ofheart failure severity in patients diagnosed with heartfailure.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the quantitativedetermination of N-terminal pro-Brainnatriuretic peptide inhuman serum andplasma. Elecsys proBNPII assay is used as an aidin the diagnosis ofindividuals suspected ofhaving congestive heartfailure. The test isfurther indicated for therisk stratification ofpatients with acutecoronary syndrome andcongestive heart failure.The test may also serve</td></tr></table>

The following tables provide a summary of the key features of the new device assessed against the predicate.

<table><tr><td>Device Characteristic</td><td colspan="2">New Device VITROS NT-proBNP II</td><td>Predicate Device Roche Elecsys proBNP II Immunoassay, K072437</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td colspan="2">See above</td><td>as an aid in the assessment of increased risk of cardiovascular events and mortality in patients at risk for heart failure who have stable coronary artery disease. The electro- chemiluminescense immunoassay "ECLIA"</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2"></td><td>Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Basic Principle</td><td colspan="2">Sandwich immunoassay</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Antibody</td><td colspan="2">Monoclonal anti-NT-proBNP Serum and plasma</td><td>Same Same</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Type Measuring Range</td><td colspan="2">20-30,000 pg/mL</td><td>5-35,000 pg/mL Standardized against the Elecsys proBNP assay.</td></tr><tr><td>Traceability Result Interpretation</td><td colspan="2">Standardized against the Elecsys proBNP II assay.</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="7"></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="8"></td><td colspan="2">For patients presenting to the ED settings with acute or worsening dyspnea and clinical suspicion of HF, the</td><td rowspan="8">&lt;75 years: 125 pg/mL ≥75 years: 450 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">VITROS NT-proBNP II test results should be interpreted as indicated in the table below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">VITROS NT-BNP II Tut Age Group (Years)</td></tr><tr><td>(pg/m)) &lt;300 All</td><td>Interpretation of Results</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Neative: Hear Failnliy</td></tr><tr><td>≥300 to &lt;450 22-&lt;50 ≥300 to &lt;900 50-&lt;75</td><td>Gray Zone: Result Indeterminate- Considerhu-NP</td></tr><tr><td>≥300 to &lt;1800 ≥75</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">2450 22-&lt;50 ≥900 50-&lt;75 ≥1800</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Positive: Heart Failure Likely ≥75</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceCharacteristic</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">New DeviceVITROS NT-proBNP II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceRoche Elecsys proBNPII Immunoassay,K072437</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5"></td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">For ambulatory patients presenting to outpatient facilitieswith clinical suspicion of HF not previously diagnosed andat least one sign, symptom or risk factor for HF, theVITROS NT-proBNP II test results should be interpreted asindicated in the table below.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITROS NT-proBNP II Test Results(pg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Age Group</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation of Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Native: Heart Failuenlily</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Consider Heart Failure as well as othercauses* of NT-proBNP elevation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

# 8. Nonclinical performance

Several nonclinical tests were performed.

# Precision

Precision was evaluated consistent with CLSI document EP05-A3, Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline—Third Edition. Two replicates of each of eleven fluids, eight human individual or serum pools and three controls, were tested on two separate occasions per day on at least 20 different test days. The experiment was performed using three Master Lots on one VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic System. The data presented are a representation of the product performance.

Page 4 of 24   

<table><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Conc. Units - pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">No.Observations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">No.Days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NT-proBNPConc.</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-run*</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-cal**</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-lab**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">214</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">815</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">937</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1730</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NT-proBNPConc.</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-run*</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-cal**</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-lab***</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5830</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">155</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">159</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">270</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">370</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">710</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">730</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr></table>

\* Within-run (repeatability). Between Duplicate precision averaged over all runs.

\*\* Within-calibration. Total precision with weighted components of within-run, between-run, and between-day variation.

\*\*\* Within-lab. A measure of the effect of recalibration on total precision, calculated within reagent lot, using data from at least 4 calibrations.

An additional analysis was conducted to evaluate total imprecision. The data presented are a representation of the product performance.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day***</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenRuns**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run /Residual****</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total****</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Observations</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>3600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.545</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>823</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1745</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5859</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24686</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>329</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>455</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>371</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>761</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11392</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr></table>

\*Between lot: Variability of the test performance from lot to lot.

\*\*Between day: Variability of the test performance from day to day.

\*\*\*Between run: Variability of the test performance from run to run.

\*\*\*\*Within Run / Residual Variability.

\*\*\*\*\*Total: Variability of the test incorporating factors of Instrument, lot, day and run.

# Limit of Detection

Detection studies for the VITROS NT-proBNP II test were evaluated according to CLSI document EP17-A2, Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition.

The Limit of Detection (LoD) for the VITROS NT-proBNP II test was designed to be less than or equal to $3 0 . 0 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ . The observed LoD was determined to be $0 . 4 6 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ . The claimed LoD is $0 . 4 9 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ . The Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) for the VITROS NT

proBNP II test was designed to be less than or equal to $3 0 . 0 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ at $20 \%$ CV. The observed LoQ at $20 \%$ CV was determined to be $0 . 4 6 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ . The claimed LoQ is set at $2 0 . 0 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ to maintain linearity within the measuring range.

Limit of Detection and Limit of Quantitation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

Linearity studies were performed according to CLSI document EP06-A, Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: $A$ Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline. Three Master Lots of VITROS NT-proBNP II test were tested on the VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic System. A low and high sample pool was prepared and mixed to give fourteen (14) further pools of intermediate concentrations. The low and high linearity pools and the interim dilutions between the low and high linearity pools were assayed in triplicate. The VITROS NT-proBNP II test was linear over the measuring range, from 20.0 to $3 0 { , } 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for the VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic System.

# Matrix Comparison

A total of 160 unaltered matched serum, EDTA plasma and lithium heparin plasma samples covering the measuring range of the VITROS NT-proBNP II test were used to assess sample matrix differences between serum, EDTA plasma, and lithium heparin plasma samples.

Samples were collected into each of the following tube types: serum plus clot activator plastic tube (serum), K2-EDTA plasma plastic tube (EDTA), and lithium heparin plasma plastic tube (Li-Hep). Each serum sample was tested in duplicate while the Li-Hep plasma and EDTA plasma samples were assayed in singleton using the VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic System.

Overall, the results show EDTA and Li-Hep plasma plastic collection tubes did not show a significant effect on the test results when compared to serum and met the acceptance criteria. All three tube types, serum, EDTA plasma, and Li-Hep plasma are suitable for use with the VITROS NT-proBNP II test.

# Analytical Specificity

The VITROS NT-proBNP II test was evaluated for interference according to CLSI guidelines $\mathrm { E P 0 7 } 3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ ed – Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry. Commonly encountered substances were tested on three Master Lots of reagents. Of the compounds tested in the table below, none was found to cause a bias of ${ > } 1 0 \%$ with the test at the concentrations indicated at nominal NT-proBNP concentrations of $1 2 5 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (14.8 pmol/L) and $2 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (236 pmol/L).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1030 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.9 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>920 μmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.12 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.37 nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adrenaline (Epinephrine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09 μmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.8 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>836 nmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-dopa (Levodopa)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.0 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amlodipine besylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184 nmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levothyroxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>552 nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148 μmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.0 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.25 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa sesquihydrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Atorvastatincalciumtrihydrate</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>162 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.34 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Methylprednisolone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benazepril HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.0 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>955 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metoprolol hemitartrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin, conjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>474 μmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>718 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin, unconjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>684 μmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Molsidomine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>743 nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3510 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.4 µmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.3 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>556 μmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicardipine HCL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.5 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>901 nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carvedilol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.2 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nifedipine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.8 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftriaxonedisodiumhemi(heptahydrate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1510 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omeprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>840 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.3 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.4 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Clopidogrelhydrogensulfate</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2.40 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>57.2 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cotinine</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>240 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>13.6 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Phenprocoumon(Marcumar)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propafenone HCL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.0 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.91 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 μmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudoephedrine HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.4 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextran</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.40 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 μmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Digitoxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0 nmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin (Rifampin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.80 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.3 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Digoxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.90 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.9 nmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.86 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.4 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.65 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmeterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.7 nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dipyrone (as 4-methylaminoantipyrineHydrocohloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sotalol hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.5 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dypyridamole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.8 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spironolactone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.5 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycycline hyclate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1 μmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptokinase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150,000 U/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enalaprilat dihydrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.13 μmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.00 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130 mmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tolbutamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.9 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.59 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.1 μmol/L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tPA (Alteplase)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin Sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.51 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.0 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglyceride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.9 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Glycerylnitrate(Nitroglycerin)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.20 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>52.8 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Valproic Acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HAMA (Human Anti-MouseAntibody</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>800 μg/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NA</td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Vancomycin Hydrochloride</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verapamil Hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.26 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin (Sodium), UFH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330 U/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Warfarin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.00 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260 μmol/L</td></tr></table>

The substances shown to interfere with the VITROS NT-proBNP II test are provided in the table below. These results are representative. The degree of interference at concentrations other than those listed might not be predictable from these results. Other interfering substances may be encountered in the patient population.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Interferent Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Measured NT-proBNP Concentration*</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Bias*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Cefoxitin sodium</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>697 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>15.5 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-24.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-19.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>311 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.92 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.81 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>806</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sodium Azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.9 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10.0</td></tr></table>

\* Average test replicate determinations. \*\* Estimate of the maximum difference observed as a percentage.

The cross-reactivity of the VITROS NT-proBNP II test was evaluated by adding the following substances to a human serum sample containing no NT-proBNP.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cross-Reactant</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mean Result ofControl Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mean Result ofCross-ReactantSample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ANP28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.10 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>proBNP (glycosylated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>proBNP (nonglycosylated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.249 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>863</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NT-proANP1-30(preproANP2555)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NT-proANP31-67(preproANP56-92)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.258 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NT-proANP79-98(preproANP104-123)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.458 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BNP32 (Natrecor®)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CNP22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adrenomedullin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.166 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aldosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.600 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.66 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Angiotensin I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.600 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.463 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Angiotensin II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.600 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.574 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Angiotensin III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endothelin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.03 pmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urodilatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arg-Vasopressin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.922 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Renin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.4 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td></tr></table>

\*Not Detectable (ND). Concentration was below the measuring range of the test, $2 0 . 0 { - } 3 0 , 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (2.36–3,540 pmol/L).

The cross-reactivity of the VITROS NT-proBNP II test was evaluated by adding the following substances to a human serum sample containing NT-proBNP at a concentration of $1 2 5 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (14.8 pmol/L).

Page 8 of 24   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cross-Reactant</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Concentration</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Mean NT-proBNPResult of ControlSample</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Mean NT-proBNPResult of Cross-Reactant Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ANP28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.10 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">proBNP (glycosylated)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">183</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">proBNP (nonglycosylated)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.249 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1290</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">152</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT-proANP1-30(preproANP25-55)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.50 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.998 μmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">775</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT-proANP31-67(preproANP56-92)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.258 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT-proANP79-98(preproANP104-123)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.458 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">114</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BNP32 (Natrecor®)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.50 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01 μmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">115</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CNP22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.20 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 μmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">114</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adrenomedullin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.166 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">114</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aldosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.600 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.66 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">117</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Angiotensin I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.600 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.463 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Angiotensin II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.600 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.574 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Angiotensin III</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.07 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endothelin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.0 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.03 pmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urodilatin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.50 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.998 μmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">114</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arg-Vasopressin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.922 μmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">117</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Renin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.4 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1.0</td></tr></table>

Cross-reactivity was expressed as the mean result obtained for the cross-reactant sample minus the mean result obtainedfor the control sample divided by the cross-reactant concentration in percentage terms.

# Dilution

Serum or plasma $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA or Lithium Heparin) samples with concentrations greater than the measuring range may be automatically diluted on the system up to 10-fold (1 part sample with 9 parts diluent) by the VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic System with the VITROS High Sample Diluent B Reagent Pack prior to testing.

# High Dose Hook

The VITROS NT-proBNP II test has no high dose hook effect up to a concentration of $3 0 0 { , } 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ .

# Expected Values

It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own expected values for the population it serves. The VITROS NT-proBNP II test Reference Interval (RI) was established for six subgroups, based on age and gender from the serum of 385 female and 374 male healthy donors.

Subjects were excluded if they met any of the following exclusion criteria:

• Current smokers, subjects with cardiac conditions and disease, high blood pressure, kidney disease, diabetes, cancer within the last five years, stroke, and asthma or other lung disease within the last five years. Subjects who have reported high cholesterol, high triglycerides, thyroid disease, and females who are pregnant.

• Additional exclusion criteria:

Troponin $\geq 9 9 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile $( \geq 0 . 0 3 4 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ - VITROS Troponin I ES assay)   
• $\mathrm { H b A l c } \geq 6 . 5 \%$   
• Creatinine $( \mathrm { e G F R } \leq 6 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } )$

The reference interval was conducted in accordance with the CLSI EP28. Analysis at the $9 5 \%$ confidence level yields the ranges shown in the table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RI LowerLimit(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RI UpperLimit(pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-&lt;50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-&lt;75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>296</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-&lt;50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50- &lt;75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>299</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>326</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>756</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>217</td></tr></table>

# 9. Clinical performance

The clinical performance information should only be used as a guide. It is recommended that each laboratory determineand confirm the diagnostic cutoffs for the population it serves.

# Aid in Diagnosis of Heart Failure

# Emergency Department Setting

A multi-center prospective study including 20 collection sites across the United States was conducted to establish the performance characteristics of the VITROS NT-proBNP II test. Subjects 22 years and older presenting to the Emergency Department (ED) with dyspnea (acute or worsening) and clinical suspicion of heart failure (HF) were enrolled into the study. Subjects with terminal kidney failure on chronic dialysis and subjects with dyspnea clearly not secondary to HF were excluded from the study. The final clinical diagnosis was adjudicated by independent cardiologists or ED physicians experienced in diagnosing HF. Individuals in the population were African American $( 3 6 . 5 5 \% )$ and Caucasian $( 5 9 . 5 9 \% )$ , withthe remaining $3 . 8 6 \%$ represented by other races. Dyspnea was acute in $4 4 . 0 9 \%$ , worsening in $5 5 . 4 5 \%$ and not specified in $0 . 4 5 \%$ of subjects.

The VITROS NT-proBNP II test results were determined from 2200 ED subjects, 1016 $( 4 6 . 1 8 \% )$ females and 1184 $( 5 3 . 8 2 \% )$ males, ranging in age from 22 to 106 years. The descriptive statistics for the VITROS NT-proBNP II test results $\mathrm { ( p g / m L ) }$ were determined within and across gender by age group and are summarized in the following tables:

All Subjects   
Female Subjects   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StudyPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Heart Failure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Non-Heart Failure</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age (years)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22&lt;50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50&lt;75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-&lt;50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-&lt;75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1095</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>630</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6840</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7810</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>261</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>694</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>767</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9490</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>568</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1720</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1690</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1630</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4850</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>473</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>247</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4710</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23800</td></tr></table>

Male Subjects   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StudyPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Heart Failure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Non-Heart Failure</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age (years)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-&lt;50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-&lt;75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-&lt;50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-&lt;75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>562</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6830</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7790</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>648</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>948</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>690</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>356</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1540</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4710</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3850</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>444</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23800</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StudyPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Heart Failure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Non-Heart Failure</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age (years)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22&lt;50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50&lt;75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22&lt;50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50&lt;75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>344</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>641</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>543</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4720</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7830</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>737</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>846</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>718</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1640</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1720</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2260</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3690</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>519</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4710</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17100</td></tr></table>

The area under the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval (CI) for the VITROS NT-proBNP II test within and across age groups within and across gender are presented in the table below. The AUC ranged between 0.904 to 0.954 within and across gender.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All Subjects</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Female Subjects</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Male Subjects</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AUC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AUC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AUC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-&lt;50 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.954</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9280.979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.952</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.905-0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.947</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9120.983</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-&lt;75 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9070.937</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.926</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.904-0.948</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.917</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8960.938</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥75 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.915</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8950.934</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8950.946</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.904</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8720.937</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9090.931</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.925</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9100.941</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.914</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8980.930</td></tr></table>

AUC analyses were also performed for relevant clinical subgroups. The AUC with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval (CI) for the VITROS NT-proBNP II test across gender within the relevant clinical subgroups are presented in the table below. The AUCof the VITROS NT-proBNP II test for each of the relevant clinical subgroups for subjects with or without the condition was greater than or equal to 0.899.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Relevant Clinical Subgroups</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Subjects With the Condition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Subjects Without the Condition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subgroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AUC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subgroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AUC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>History of HF(N=1220)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.899</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8810.918</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No History of HF(N=970)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.932</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9170.947</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eGFR &lt;60*mL/min/1.73 m2(N=1012)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8800.920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eGFR ≥60mL/min/1.73 m2(N=1166)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9080.938</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BMI ≥30.0 kg/m2(N=1160)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.903</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8850.920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BMI &lt;30.0 kg/m2(N=1025)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.945</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9310.958</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithComorbiditi* N=1978)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.915</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9020.927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithoutComorbidities*=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.944</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9150.974</td></tr></table>

\* Subjects with renal disease on dialysis were excluded from the study \*\* Subjects with at least one of the following: diabetes, renal insufficiency (eGFR values <60), hypertension (HTN) and/or chronicobstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) \*\*\* Subjects without any of the following: diabetes, renal insufficiency (eGFR values <60), hypertension (HTN) and/or chronic obstructivepulmonary disease (COPD)

Distribution of VITROS NT-proBNP II test results after applying the multiple cutoffs, $3 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for all age groups and $4 5 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for $2 2 \mathrm { - } < 5 0$ years old, $9 0 0 \ : \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for $5 0 -$ ${ < } 7 5$ years old, $1 8 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for $\ge 7 5$ years old, versus adjudicated diagnosiswas summarized within and across age groups across gender and is presented in the table below.

# VITROS NT-proBNP II Test Results versus Adjudicated Diagnosis within and across Age Group

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age(years)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>VITROS NT-proBNP II Test Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Adjudicated Diagnosis</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-HF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>22&lt;50</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP II TestResult Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray Zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>50-&lt;75</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP II TestResult Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>587</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray Zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>371</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>630</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1168</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>≥75</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP II TestResult Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>372</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>434</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray Zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>777</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>All Subjects</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP II TestResult Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1145</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray Zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>443</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>599</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>612</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1095</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2200</td></tr></table>

The following analyses were conducted to determine clinical performance:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP II TestResults Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Adjudicated Diagnosis</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-HF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive: Heart Failure Likely</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray Zone: ResultIndeterminate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C+D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative: Heart FailureUnlikely</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E+F</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+C+E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B+D+F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+C+D+E+F</td></tr></table>

Pretest Probability of HF (prevalence of HF in the study) $=$ $= ( \mathbf { A } ^ { + } \mathbf { C } ^ { + } \mathbf { E } )$ )/(A+B+C+D+E+F)

# Posttest Probability of HF

Posttest probability of HF for positive test results $= \mathbf { A } / ( \mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B } )$

Posttest probability of HF for Gray zone test results $= \mathrm { C } / ( \mathrm { C } + \mathrm { D } )$

# Posttest Probability of non-HF

Posttest probability of non-HF for Gray zone test results $= \mathrm { D } / ( \mathrm { C } + \mathrm { D } )$

Posttest probability of non-HF for negative test results $= \mathrm { F / ( E { + } F ) }$

# Likelihood ratios (LR) of HF given VITROS NT-proBNP II test result category

LR positive $= ( \mathrm { A } / ( \mathrm { A } { + } \mathrm { C } { + } \mathrm { E } ) ) / ( \mathrm { B } / ( \mathrm { B } { + } \mathrm { D } { + } \mathrm { F } ) )$

LR gray zone $= ( \mathrm { C } / ( \mathrm { A } { + } \mathrm { C } { + } \mathrm { E } ) ) / ( \mathrm { D } / ( \mathrm { B } { + } \mathrm { D } { + } \mathrm { F } ) )$

LR negative $= ( \mathrm { E } / ( \mathrm { A } { + } \mathrm { C } { + } \mathrm { E } ) ) / ( \mathrm { F } / ( \mathrm { B } { + } \mathrm { D } { + } \mathrm { F } ) )$

The pretest probability of HF (prevalence of HF in the study), posttest probabilities, likelihood ratios and the two-tailed $9 5 \%$ CIs of the VITROS NT-proBNP II test result versus adjudicated diagnosis were determined across and within gender using the agedependent rule-in $ { 4 5 0 }  { \mathrm { p g / m L } }$ for subjects $2 2 \mathrm { - } { < } 5 0$ years old; $9 0 0 \ : \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for subjects $5 0 -$ ${ < } 7 5$ years old; $1 8 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for subjects $\ge 7 5$ years old) and age-independent rule-out (300 $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { p g / m L } } )$ cutoffs and are summarized in the following tables:

All Subjects   
Page 13 of 24   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">AgeGroupYears)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">PretestD Probablity f HF(Prevalenceoof HF inStudy) (n/N)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">VITROS NT-proBNP IITest Resultnterpretation</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Posttest Probability ofH(nN</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Posttest Probability ofnon-Hn (n/N)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">LikelihoodRatio Positive(HHF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">95% CI**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estimate(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estimate%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%C*(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">22-&lt;50(N=255)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">44.7%(114/255)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.7(105/124)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77.3-90.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4810.42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gray zone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.8(5/18)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.550.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.2(13/18)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49.187.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.171.29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.5(109/113)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.398.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.020.12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">50-&lt;75(N=1168)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">46.1%(538/1168)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.4(472/587)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77.083.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.065.69</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gray zone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.1(59/203)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.335.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.9(144/203)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64.376.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.360.63</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.1(371/378)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.299.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010.05</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">≥75(N=777)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">57.0(443/777)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.7(372/434)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.1-88.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.605.68</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gray zone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.1(69/222)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.437.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68.9(153/222)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.674.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.270.43</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3(119/121)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.299.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000.05</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">AllS ujects(N 20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">(109/20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.9(949/1145)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.685.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.295.56</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gray zone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.0(133/443)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.934.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.0(310/443)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65.674.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.360.52</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.9(599/612)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.498.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010.04</td></tr></table>

\* $9 5 \%$ Wilson Score Confidence Interval \*\* Log Method Confidence Interval

The pretest probability of HF (prevalence of HF in the study), posttest probabilities, likelihood ratios and the two-tailed $9 5 \%$ CIs of the VITROS NT-proBNP II test result versus adjudicated diagnosis were determined for the relevant clinical subgroups using the age-dependent rule-in $( 4 5 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for subjects $2 2 \mathrm { - } < 5 0$ years old; $9 0 0 \ : \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for subjects $5 0 \mathrm { - } < 7 5$ years old; $1 8 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for subjects $\ge 7 5$ years old) and age-independent rule-out $3 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L } )$ ) cutoffs and are summarized in the following tables:

Female Subjects   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age GroupYears)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PretestD Pobablityof HF(Prevalenceoof HF inStudy) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP 11Test Resultnt e rpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofHF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofnon-HF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LikelihoodRatio PositiveHF)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>22-&lt;50(N=114)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>37.7%(43/114)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6(39/44)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.095.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5030.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1(1/9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.043.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9(8/9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.598.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.031.59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1(58/61)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.598.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.030.26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>50-&lt;75(N=500)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>38.8%(194/500)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.0(167/217)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.982.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.066.83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.4(23/87)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.336.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.6(64/87)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.481.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.360.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0(192/196)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.999.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010.09</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>≥75(N=402)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>54.0%(217/402)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.9(176/205)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.490.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.687.27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.5(40/131)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.338.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.5(91/131)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.176.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.270.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5(65/66)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.999.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000.09</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Wilson Score Confidence Interval \*\* Log Method Confidence Interval

Male Subjects   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Group(Years)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pretest Pobablityof HF(Prevalence of HF inStudy) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP I1 est ResultInterpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofHF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofnon-HF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LikelihoodRatio Positive(HF</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>22-&lt;50(N=141)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>50.4%(71/141)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.5(66/80)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.789.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.907.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.4(4/9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.973.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.6(5/9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.781.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.222.82</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1(51/52)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.999.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000.14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>50-&lt;75(N=668)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>51.5%(344/668)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.4(305/370)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.286.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.545.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.0(36/116)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.339.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.0(80/116)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.176.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.290.61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4(179/182)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.399.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>≥75(N=375)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>60.3%(226/375)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.6(196/229)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.589.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.895.31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.9(29/91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.242.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.1(62/91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.076.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.210.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2(54/55)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.499.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000.09</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Wilson Score Confidence Interval \*\* Log Method Confidence Interval

# Subjects with a History of HF

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Group(Years)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PretestD Probhablityoff HF(Prevalence of HF inStudy) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP I1 est Resultnterpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofHF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofnon-HF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LikelihoodRatio Positive(HF)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>22-&lt;50(N=118)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>73.7%(87/118)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9(79/85)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.496.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.289.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.4(4/11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.264.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.6(7/11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.484.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.060.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.8(18/22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.592.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.030.22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>50-&lt;75(N=642)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>63.1%(405/642)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.2(355/407)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.690.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.135.09</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.1(43/113)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.647.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.9(70/113)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.770.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.250.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3(115/122)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.697.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>≥75(N=460)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>71.1%(327/460)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5(275/304)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.693.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.795.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.1(51/124)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.949.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.9(73/124)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.167.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.210.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9(31/32)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.499.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000.10</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Wilson Score Confidence Interval \*\* Log Method Confidence Interval

Subjects with no History of HF   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Group(Years)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PretestD Probablity of HF (Prevalence of HF inStudy) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP I1 est ResultInterpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofHF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofnon-HF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LikelihoodRatio PositiveHF)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9(</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>22-&lt;50(N=137)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>19.7%(27/137)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7(26/39)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.079.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8613.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3(1/7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.651.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7(6/7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.797.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.095.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0(91/91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>50-&lt;75(N=521)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>25.3%(132/521)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.2(116/178)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.971.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.356.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.8(16/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.226.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.2(74/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.188.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.391.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0(253/253)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>≥75(N=312)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>36.9%(115/312)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0(96/128)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.881.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.707.13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.8(18/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.227.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.3(78/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.387.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.250.62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9(87/88)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.899.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000.14</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Wilson Score Confidence Interval \*\* Log Method Confidence Interval N/A: Not applicable

Subjects with Renal Disease $( \mathbf { e } \mathbf { G } \mathbf { F } \mathbf { R } < 6 0 ^ { \circ \circ \mathbf { i } . 4 } \mathbf { m } \mathbf { L } / \mathbf { m } \mathbf { i } \mathbf { n } / 1 . 7 3 \ \mathbf { m } ^ { 2 } )$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Group(Years)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PretestD Probability of HF(Prevalence of HF inStudy) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP II est  Resultnterpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofHF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofnon-HF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LikelihoodRatio Positive(HF)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*((%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%C*(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>22-&lt;50(N=69)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>62.3%(43/69)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.2(41/47)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.894.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.048.36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7(1/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.056.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3(5/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.697.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010.98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8(15/16)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.798.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010.29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>50-&lt;75(N=476)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>56.5%(269/476)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.6(250/314)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.883.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.453.69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.7(18/73)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.235.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.3(55/73)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.483.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.150.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9(88/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.999.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>≥75(N=467)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>68.1%(318/467)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6(273/308)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.691.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.734.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.6(44/117)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.446.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.4(73/117)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.470.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.210.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>—</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6(41/42)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.799.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000.08</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Wilson Score Confidence Interval \*\* Log Method Confidence Interval

\*\*\* Subjects with renal disease on dialysis were excluded from the study

Subjects Without Renal Disease (eGFR $\geq 6 0 \ \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \ \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 } )$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Group(Years)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PretestD Pobablity of HF(Prevalenceoof HF inStudy) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP I1 est Resultn terpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofHF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofnon-HF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LikelihoodRatio PositiveF)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>22-&lt;50(N=181)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>38.7%(70/181)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.9(63/76)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.989.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5812.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.4(4/11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.264.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.6(7/11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.484.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.282.98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8(91/94)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.098.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>50-&lt;75(N=679)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>38.7%(263/679)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.0(217/268)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.885.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.178.76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.3(40/128)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.939.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8(88/128)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.376.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.511.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9(277/283)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.599.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>≥75(N=306)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>40.2%(123/306)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.2(97/124)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.284.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>—</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.737.66</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.0(25/104)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.833.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.0(79/104)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.983.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.320.69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7(77/78)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1-99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000.14</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Wilson Score Confidence Interval \*\* Log Method Confidence Interval

# Subjects With BMI $\geq 3 0 . 0 \mathrm { k g } / \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Group(Years)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PretestD Pobablity of HF(Prevalenceoof HF inStudy) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proP Ie  Resultnterpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofHF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofnon-HF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LikelihoodRatio Positive(HF)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>22-&lt;50(N=188)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>48.9%(92/188)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.2(83/92)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.494.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1517.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.8(5/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.550.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.2(13/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.187.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15-1.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9(74/78)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.598.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>50-&lt;75(N=693)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>46.3%(321/693)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.9(266/329)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.384.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.896.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.1(48/133)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.4 44.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.9(85/133)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.571.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.470.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0(224/231)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.998.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>≥75(N=279)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>55.9%(156/279)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6(121/143)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.889.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.946.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.8(34/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.548.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.2(56/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.971.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.340.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8(45/46)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.799.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000.13</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Wilson Score Confidence Interval \*\* Log Method Confidence Interval

Subjects With BMI $< 3 0 . 0 \mathrm { k g } / \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Group(Years)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PretestD Probhablity of HF(Prevalence of HF inStudy) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP I1 est Resultnt erpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofHF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofnon-HF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LikelihoodRatio PositiveHHF)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>22-&lt;50(N=62)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>35.5%(22/62)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8(22/32)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.482.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.346.84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8(0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8(0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>—</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>50-&lt;75(N=465)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>46.5%(216/465)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.8(206/258)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.584.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.585.83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7(10/68)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.225.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.3(58/68)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.091.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.100.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0(139/139)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>≥75(N=498)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>57.6%(287/498)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.3(251/291)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.889.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.486.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.5(35/132)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.734.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.5(97/132)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.480.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.190.37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7(74/75)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.899.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00-0.07</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Wilson Score Confidence Interval \*\* Log Method Confidence Interval N/A: Not applicable

# Subjects With Comorbidities \*\*\*

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AgeGroup(Years)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>M PobabilityPretesto f HF(Prevalenceoof HF inStudy) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP I1Resultanterpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofH(nN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofnon-HF (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LikelihoodRatio PositiveHF)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>22-&lt;50(N=178)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>55.1%(98/178)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8(92/106)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.092.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.328.66</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.1(3/13)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.250.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.9(10/13)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.791.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.070.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9(56/59)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.198.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010.13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>50-&lt;75(N=1066)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>47.3%(504/1066)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.2(438/546)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.783.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.805.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1(59/184)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.739.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.9(125/184)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.974.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.400.70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9(329/336)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.899.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>≥75(N=734)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>57.2%(420/734)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.1(352/409)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.489.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.645.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.7(66/208)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.838.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.3(142/208)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.774.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.270.45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3(115/117)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.099.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000.05</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Wilson Score Confidence Interval \*\* Log Method Confidence Interval

$^ { \ast \ast \ast }$ Subjects with at least one of the following: diabetes, renal insufficiency (eGFR values ${ < } 6 0 ^ { \cdot }$ ), hypertension (HTN) and/or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)

Subjects Without Comorbidities\*\*\*   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Group(Years)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pretest Pobablity of HF Prevalenceoof HF inStudy) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP II est ResultInterpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability of(n/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posttest Probability ofnon-Hn (n/N)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LikelihoodRatio PositiveHF)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>22-&lt;50(N=77)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>20.8%(16/77)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.2(13/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.187.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1423.71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0(2/5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.876.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0(3/5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.188.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4613.95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1(53/54)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.299.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>50-&lt;75(N=102)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>33.3%(34/102)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.9(34/41)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.791.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8219.59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0(0/19)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0(19/19)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.2100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0(42/42)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>≥75(N=43)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>53.5%(23/43)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0(20/25)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.991.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.607.55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.4(3/14)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.647.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.6(11/14)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.492.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.080.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0(4/4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Wilson Score Confidence Interval \*\* Log Method Confidence Interval $^ { \ast \ast \ast }$ Subjects without any of the following: diabetes, renal insufficiency (eGFR values ${ < } 6 0 _ { \cdot }$ ), hypertension (HTN) and/or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)   
N/A: Not applicable

# Outpatient Setting

The VITROS NT-proBNP II test results were also determined from 777 subjects, 391 females and 386 males ranging in agefrom 23 to 94 years presenting to Cardiology Clinics and other outpatient facilities with a clinical suspicion of HF (not previously diagnosed) and at least one HF sign, symptom or risk factor at 10 collection sites across the United States.

Subjects with terminal kidney failure on chronic dialysis and subjects with dyspnea clearly not secondary to HF were excluded from the study. The final clinical diagnosis was adjudicated by independent cardiologists or ED physicians experienced in diagnosing HF. The prevalence of HF in the population was $6 . 1 8 \%$ (48/777). Individuals in the populationwere African American $( 3 1 . 6 6 \% )$ and Caucasian $( 6 4 . 7 4 \% )$ , with the remaining $3 . 6 0 \%$ represented by other races.

The AUC with a $9 5 \%$ CI for the VITROS NT-proBNP II test for subjects presenting to Cardiology Clinics and otheroutpatient facilities is 0.880 (CI 0.822 to 0.937).

AUC analyses were also performed for relevant clinical subgroups. The AUC with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval (CI) for the VITROS NT-proBNP II test across gender within the relevant clinical subgroups are presented in the table below. The AUCof the VITROS NT-proBNP II test for each of the relevant clinical subgroups for subjects with or without the condition was greater than or equal to 0.838.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Relevant Clinical Subgroups</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Subjects With the Condition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Subjects Without the Condition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subgroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AUC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subgroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AUC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥75 Years old(N=139)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.838</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6830.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;75 Years old(N=638)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.894</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7751.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eGFR &lt;60*mL/min/1.73 m2(N=81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.843</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6551.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eGFR ≥60mL/min/1.73 m2(N=245)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.940</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8880.993</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BMI ≥30.0 kg/m2(N=430)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7391.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BMI &lt;30.0 kg/m2(N=346)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8581.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithComorites*N=67)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.892</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7900.993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Without(N=110)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.929</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7991.000</td></tr></table>

\*Subjects with renal disease on dialysis were excluded from the study \*\* Subjects with at least one of the following: diabetes, renal insufficiency (eGFR values <60), hypertension (HTN) and/or chronicobstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) \*\*\* Subjects without any of the following: diabetes, renal insufficiency (eGFR values ${ < } 6 0 _ { \cdot }$ ), hypertension (HTN) and/or chronic obstructivepulmonary disease (COPD)

Distribution of VITROS NT-proBNP II test results after applying the rule-out cutoff (125 $\mathrm { p g / m L }$ ) versus adjudicateddiagnosis was summarized for all subjects and is presented in the table below.

VITROS NT-proBNP II Test Results versus Adjudicated Diagnosis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS NT-proBNP II Test Result Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Adjudicated Diagnosis</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-HF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive: Heart Failure Likely</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative: Heart Failure Unlikely</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>490</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>494</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>729</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>777</td></tr></table>

The clinical performance and the two-tailed $9 5 \%$ CIs of the VITROS NT proBNP II test versus adjudicated diagnosis forsubjects presenting to Cardiology Clinics and other outpatient facilities was determined using the rule-out cutoff $1 2 5 \ : \mathrm { p g / m L ) }$ and is summarized in the following tables:

All Subjects   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%C*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV(%)(n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%C*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV(%)(n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AllSubjects(N=777)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7(44/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.097.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.2(490/729)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.770.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2(490/494)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.999.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.6(44/283)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.520.3</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Exact Confidence Interval

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Subjects(N=777)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.050.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.443.20</td></tr></table>

The clinical performance and the two-tailed $9 5 \%$ CIs of the VITROS NT proBNP II test versus adjudicated diagnosis for subjects presenting to Cardiology Clinics and other outpatient facilities was also determined using the rule-out cutoff $( 1 2 5 \mathrm { p g / m L ) }$ for relevant clinical subgroups and are summarized in the following tables:

# Age Group

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RelevantClinicalSubgroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%C(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥75 Years old(N=139)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8(15/16)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.8-99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.6(45/123)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.145.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8(45/46)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.599.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1(15/93)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.325.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;75 Years old(N=638)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6(29/32)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0-98.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.4(445/606)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.776.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3(445/448)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1-99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3(29/190)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.521.2</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Exact Confidence Interval

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relevant ClinicalSubgroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥75 Years old(N=139)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03-1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.231.78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;75 Years old(N=638)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.040.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.874.06</td></tr></table>

# Renal Disease

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RelevantClinicalSubgroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%Cl*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%c(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eGFR &lt;60**mL/min/1.73m{2}$(N=81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6(11/13)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.698.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.6(31/68)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.558.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.9(31/33)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.899.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.9(11/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.037.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eGFR ≥ 60mL/min/1.73m{2$(N=245)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0(13/13)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.3-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.5(159/232)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.174.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0(159/159)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1(13/86)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.324.5</td></tr></table>

$\overline { { * 9 5 \% } }$ Exact Confidence Interval \*\* Subjects with renal disease on dialysis were excluded from the study

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relevant ClinicalSubgroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eGFR &lt;60* mL/min/1.73 m2(N=81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.091.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.132.14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eGFR ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73 m2(N=245)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.633.84</td></tr></table>

\*Subjects with renal disease on dialysis were excluded from the study   
N/A: Not applicable

BMI   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RelevantClinicalSubgroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BMI≥30.0 kg/m2(N=430)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.6(19/23)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.295.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.2(310/407)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.7-80.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7(310/314)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.899.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.4(19/116)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.224.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BMI &lt;30.0 kg/m2(N=346)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.8100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.9(180/322)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.361.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0(180/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5(24/166)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.520.7</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Exact Confidence Interval

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relevant ClinicalSubgroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BMI≥30.0 kg/m2(N=430)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.090.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.684.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BMI &lt;30.0 kg/m2(N=346)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.012.56</td></tr></table>

# Comorbidities

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relevant ClinicalSubgroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV(%) (n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI*(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>With**comorbidities*(N=667)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9(37/39)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.799.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.8(413/628)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.969.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5(413/415)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.399.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7(37/252)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.619.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Without(N=110)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.8(7/9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.097.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.2(77/101)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.784.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5(77/79)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.299.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.6(7/31)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.641.1</td></tr></table>

$\ast 9 5 \%$ Exact Confidence Interval

\*\* Subjects with at least one of the following: diabetes, renal insufficiency (eGFR values ${ < } 6 0$ ), hypertension (HTN) and/or chronicobstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)

\*\*\* Subjects without any of the following: diabetes, renal insufficiency (eGFR values ${ < } 6 0$ ), hypertension (HTN) and/or chronic obstructivepulmonary disease (COPD)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relevant ClinicalSubgroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>With comorbidities*(N=667)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.433.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Without comorbiditie**(N=110)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.090.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.005.36</td></tr></table>

\*Subjects with at least one of the following: diabetes, renal insufficiency (eGFR values ${ < } 6 0$ ), hypertension (HTN) and/or chronicobstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) \*\* Subjects without any of the following: diabetes, renal insufficiency (eGFR values(HTN) and/or chronic obstructivepulmonary disease (COPD) ${ < } 6 0$ ), hypertension

Results of this test should be used in conjunction with clinical presentation, other diagnostic tests, and in accordance withthe appropriate clinical guidelines.

# Correlation of the VITROS NT-proBNP II test results with New York Heart Association (NYHA) Functional Classification in patients diagnosed with HF

The VITROS NT-proBNP II test results were determined from samples from 1143 subjects with heart failure ranging in agefrom 22 to 106 years. The population consisted of 475/1143 $( 4 1 . 5 6 \% )$ females and 668/1143 $( 5 8 . 4 4 \% )$ males. The descriptive statistics for the VITROS NT-proBNP II test results $\mathrm { ( p g / m L ) }$ were determined across gender and within gender and are summarized in the following tables:

All Subjects   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Statistics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>NYHA Functional Classification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NYHA Class I*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NYHA Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NYHA Class III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NYHA Class IV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>567</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8170</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5910</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8410</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9770</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>490</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>701</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4520</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IQR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7810</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23400</td></tr></table>

\*There were no NYHA Class I female subjects in the study Jonckheere-Terpstra test of trend $\phantom { - } ) < . 0 0 0 1$

Female Subjects   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Statistics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>NYHA Functional Classification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NYHA Class I*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NYHA Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NYHA Class III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NYHA Class IV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9970</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9860</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>481</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>559</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4790</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IQR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8580</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25800</td></tr></table>

\*There were no NYHA Class I female subjects in the study N/A: Not applicable Jonckheere-Terpstra test of trend $\mathsf { p } < . 0 0 0 1$

Male Subjects   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Statistics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>NYHA Functional Classification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NYHA Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NYHA Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NYHA Class III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NYHA Class IV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>327</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5380</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6980</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5910</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9890</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9710</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7760</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>404</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>516</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>733</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4280</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IQR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4380</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7140</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21600</td></tr></table>

Jonckheere-Terpstra test of trend $\mathsf { p } < . 0 0 0 1$

The Jonckheere-Terpstra test was used to determine that there is a statistically significant relationship between the medianVITROS NT-proBNP II test results and HF severity for:

All Subjects NYHA Class II–IV.   
• Female Subjects NYHA Class II–IV. Male Subjects NYHA Class I–IV.

These results show that there is a relationship between the median VITROS NT-proBNP II test results and HF severity as determined by NYHA Class. The median VITROS NTproBNP II test results increase as the NYHA Classification increasesfrom Class II–IV for females and all subjects, and Class I–IV for male subjects.

# 10. Conclusions

The nonclinical and clinical data presented in the submission provide a reasonable assurance that the VITROS NT-proBNP II test is safe and effective for the stated intended use and is substantially equivalent to the cleared predicate device.