October 15, 2021

Apex Biotechnology Corp.   
Lisa Liu   
Manager of Quality Assurance Division   
No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science Park Hsinchu, 30078   
Taiwan

Re: K201880 Trade/Device Name: MultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, JIN Dated: February 9, 2021 Received: February 12, 2021

Dear Lisa Liu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k201880

Device Name MultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe) MultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System is comprised of the MultiSure GK Blood Glucose and Ketone Meter, the MultiSure GK Blood Glucose Test Strips, and the MultiSure GK Blood Ketone test strips.

The MultiSure GK Linle Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System is intended to quantitatively measure blood glucose or blood ketone in fresh capillary whole blood drawn from fingertips. The system is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control and should only be used by a single patient and it should not be shared. It is not intended for diagnosis or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review· instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K201880</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apex Biotechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact Person:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lisa LiuManager of Quality Assurance DivisionApex Biotechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)email: lisaliu@apexbio.comPhone:011-886-3-5641952FAX: 011-886-3-5678021</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood glucose test system, over the counter, 21 CFR 862.1345, Class IIKetones (nonquantitative) test system, 21 CFR 862.1435, Class I, meetsthe limitation of exemption 21 CFR 862.9(c)(5).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Codes:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NBW·JIN</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nova Max Plus Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitoring System(k091547)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Description:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The MultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring Systemconsists of the MultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Meter,MultiSure GK Blood Glucose test strips, MultiSure GK Blood Ketone teststrips, Contrex Plus 4 Glucose Control Solution (Level 1, Level 2 andLevel 3), and KET-1 ketone control solution (Level 1 and Level 2). Thesystem is for self-testing of blood glucose and blood ketone. The MultiSureGK Blood Glucose test strips, MultiSure GK Blood Ketone test strips,Contrex Plus 4 Glucose Control Solution, and KET-1 ketone controlsolution are purchased separately.MultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring Systemenables automatic transmission of stored data to a data managementsystem using upload data via USB cable (optional), or mobile device with</td></tr><tr><td>Solution, previously cleared in k170267 ; The ketone test strips and ketone</td><td>Bluetooth when the meter and data management systems are properly configured. The glucose test strips and glucose control solution utilized in the MultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System are the same as the BGM009 glucose test strips and Contrex Plus 4 Glucose Control</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use:</td><td>control solution are the same as the KET-1 Blood Ketone test strips and KET-1 ketone control solution, previously cleared in k182593. MultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System: MultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System is comprised of the MultiSure GK Blood Glucose and Ketone Meter, the MultiSure GK Blood Glucose Test Strips, and the MultiSure GK Blood Ketone test strips. The MultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System is</td></tr><tr><td>Comparison of Technological Characteristics:</td><td>diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control and should only be used by a single patient and it should not be shared. It is not intended for diagnosis or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Glucose measurement is based on electrochemical biosensor technology using the enzyme Glucose Oxidase (GOD) The MultiSure GK Blood Glucose test strips contains the enzyme, GOD, when blood flow into the reaction zone, the enzyme reacts with glucose in blood and produces electrical current. The MultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone meter measures the current and shows the test result in 5 seconds. The</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>technological characteristics of MultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System are substantially equivalent to the predicate system (k091547). Ketone measurement is based on electrochemical biosensor technology using the enzyme B -hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase (HBDH). The MultiSure GK Blood Ketone test strips contains the enzyme, HBDH, when blood flow into the reaction zone, the enzyme reacts with B- Hydroxybutyrate (3-ketone) in blood and produces electrical current. The</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">and shows the test result in 8 seconds. The technological characteristics ofMultiSure GK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System aresubstantially equivalent to the predicate system (k091547).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-ClinicalTesting:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing was conducted as follows: EMC and Electrical Safety, disinfectionperformance (robustness of meter to multiple cleanings and disinfections),software verification and validation including cybersecurity management,precision testing, repeatability testing, temperature and humidity testing,intermittent sampling testing, sample perturbation testing, stability andresults demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accuracy studies for glucose and ketone were conducted with home users,including evaluation of ease of use and ease of understanding of the usermanual. Results demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicatesystem.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conclusion:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical and analytical testing demonstrated that the MultiSure GK LinkBlood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System perform in a substantiallyequivalent manner to that of the predicate. We conclude that the MultiSureGK Link Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System is substantiallyequivalent to the predicate system.</td></tr></table>