CHIRANA T. Injecta   
$\%$ Nathan Wright   
Engineer & Regulatory Specialist Empirical Testing Corp.   
4628 Northpark Drive   
Colorado Springs, Colorado 80918

Re: K201009 Trade/Device Name: CHIRAVAC™ Blood Collection Needles Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA, FMI Dated: June 16, 2021 Received: June 21, 2021

Dear Nathan Wright:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Payal Patel   
Assistant Director   
DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and   
General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors   
OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K201009

Device Name CHIRAVAC™ Blood Collection Needles

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# K201009 - 510K SUMMARY

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter&#x27;s Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHIRANA T. Injecta</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter&#x27;s Address:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nám. Dr. Schweitzera 194Stará Turá 916 01Slovak Republic</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter&#x27;s Telephone:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>421-32-770-9972</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nathan Wright, MSEmpirical Testing Corp.719-351-0248nwright@empiricaltech.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Summary was Prepared:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>July 14, 2021</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade or Proprietary Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHIRAVACTM Blood Collection Needles</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common or Usual Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood specimen collection device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II per 21 CFR §862.1675</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JKA, FMI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Panel:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health</td></tr></table>

DESCRIPTION OF THE DEVICE SUBJECT TO PREMARKET NOTIFICATION:

The CHIRAVAC™ Blood Collection Needles consists of a double-ended hollow stainless steel thin-walled cannula, a threaded polypropylene hub, a sleeve that interrupts blood flow between filling multiple tubes, and polypropylene caps. The device is single use and supplied sterile (ethylene oxide sterilized). The stainless steel cannula and silicone cannula lubricants are classified as externally communicating with limited $\leq 2 4$ hours) duration contact; all other device components have no contact with patient blood, tissue, or skin. Once the vein has been accessed by puncturing with the intravenous end of the cannula, the healthcare professional will begin the blood collection process by placing evacuated blood collection tubes on the cannula’s non-patient end, where the sleeve acts as a non-return valve and allows for more than one tube to be used to collect blood from the vein puncture.

Table 5-1 CHIRAVAC™ Blood Collection Needles   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Size Metric(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Size (G x &quot;)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pieces per Box(pcs)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pieces per Case(pcs)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item Code</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6x25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23G x 1&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHBCN23100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6x38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23G x 1.5&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHBCN23112</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.7x250.7x38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22G x 1&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Black</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHBCN22100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22G x 1.5&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Black</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHBCN22112</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8x25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G x 1&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Green</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHBCN21100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8x38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G x 1.5&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Green</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHBCN21112</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9x25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G x1&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yellow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHBCN20100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9x38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G x 1.5&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yellow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHBCN20112</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2x25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18G x 1&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pink</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHBCN18100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2x38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18G x 1.5&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pink</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHBCN18112</td></tr></table>

INDICATIONS FOR USE The CHIRAVAC™ Blood Collection Needles are single use and are intended for venous blood collection in connection with blood collection tubes.

The indications for use for the CHIRAVAC™ Blood Collection Needles are similar to the indications of the listed predicate devices.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHIRAVACTM Blood CollectionNeedles(Subject - K201009)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sol-M Blood Collection Needles, Sol-Care SafetyBlood Collection Needles, Sol-Care Safety BloodCollection Needle with Holder, Sol-M BloodCollection Set(K182146)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CHIRAVACTM BloodCollection Needles are single useand are intended for venous bloodcollection in connection with bloodcollection tubes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Blood Collecting Needle is intended to be usedwith vacuum blood collection tube for the collection ofvenous blood.The Safety Blood Collecting Needle is intended to beused with vacuum blood collection tube for thecollection of venous blood. The safety shield isintended to aid in the protection against accidentalneedle stick injury. The Blood Collecting Set withHolder is intended to be used with vacuum bloodcollection tube for the collection of venous blood.</td></tr></table>

# Discussion of differences in Indications for Use Statements

The subject and predicate device have the same indication for use in collection of blood from the veins. In addition to their blood collection needles, the predicate offers safety blood collecting needles and a blood collecting set with holder with particular indications for those devices that do not apply to the subject.

# TECHNICAL CHARACTERISTICS COMPARISON

The subject and predicate devices have nearly identical technological characteristics and the minor differences do not raise any new issues of safety and effectiveness. Specifically, the following characteristics are similar between the subject and predicates:

C Indications for Use  Sizes  Materials of manufacture Principles of Operations

Table 5-2: Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510kNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade or Proprietary or Model Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Type</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K182146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sol-M Blood Collection Needles, Sol-CareSafety Blood Collection Needles, Sol-CareSafety Blood Collection Needle with Holder,Sol-M Blood Collection Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sol-MillenniumMedical, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary</td></tr></table>

Table 5-3: Predicate Comparison (CHIRAVAC™ Blood Collection Needles)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHIRAVACTM Blood CollectionNeedles(Subject - K201009)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sol-M Blood Collection Needles,Sol-Care Safety Blood CollectionNeedles, Sol-Care Safety BloodCollection Needle with Holder,Sol-M Blood Collection Set(K182146)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Discussion/Comment</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulationNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 880.5570</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 880.5570</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClassificationName</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle, Hypodermic, Single-Lumen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle, Hypodermic, Single-Lumen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulatoryClass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JKA, FMI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FMI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same. JKA is currentproduct code for bloodcollection needles.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CHIRAVACTM BloodCollection Needles are single useand are intended for venous bloodcollection in connection with bloodcollection tubes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Blood Collecting Needle isintended to be used with vacuumblood collection tube for thecollection of venous blood.The Safety Blood Collecting Needleis intended to be used with vacuumblood collection tube for thecollection of venous blood. Thesafety shield is intended to aid in theprotection against accidental needlestick injury. The Blood CollectingSet with Holder is intended to beused with vacuum blood collectiontube for the collection of venousblood.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principles ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needles accesses the vein bypuncturing with the intravenous endof the cannula. With the non-patientend of the cannula attached to theblood collection tube, the blood isdrawn via the piston vacuum intothe syringe. The sleeve acts as anon-return valve.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The blood collection devices form achannel between patient's vein andthe vacuum blood collection tubewhich draw the blood to the bloodcollection tube.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pink - 18GYellow - 20GGreen - 21GBlack - 22GBlue - 23G</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pink - 18GYellow - 20GGreen - 21GBlack - 22GBlue - 23G</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Use?</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CannulaMaterial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">304 Stainless Steel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stainless Steel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other NeedleMaterials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polypropylene (needle hub andprotective caps), rubber (sleeve),glue.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polypropylene; Dialyzing Paper;Glue; Rubber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same. Predicates includesafety shields with dialyzingpaper. The subject does nothave dialyzing paper anddoes not require a safetyshield because it comes witha protective cap which isremoved prior to use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CannulaLubricant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Silicone Oil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Silicone Oil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannula Length</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1", 1.5"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/8", 3/", 1", 1.25", 1.5", 1.75", 2"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same; additional lengthsoffered by predicate notoffered by subject.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannula Gauge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18G, 20G, 21G, 22G, 23G</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18G, 19G, 20G, 21G, 22G, 23G,25G</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same; additional gaugesoffered by predicate notoffered by subject.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biocompatibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Per ISO 10993</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Per ISO 10993</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylene Oxide to SAL of 10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylene Oxide to SAL of 10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Discussion of differences in Technological characteristics.

The predicate device includes safety shields with dialyzing paper. The subject does not require a safety shield because it comes with a protective cap which is removed prior to use and therefore does not have dialyzing paper like the predicates. • All subject sizes (cannula lengths and gauge options) are sizes available by the predicates; however, not all sizes offered by the predicates are available in the subject needles.

PERFORMANCE TESTING SUMMARY

The CHIRAVAC™ Blood Collection Needles have been tested in the following test modes:

# A. Performance Testing – Bench

 ISO 7864:2016 – Sterile hypodermic needles for single use-Requirements and test methods.

o Color Coding   
o Size Designation   
o Cleanliness   
o pH Limits   
o Limits of Extractable Metals   
o Inspection of Needle Length   
o Inspection of Defects   
o Inspection of Lubrication   
o Needle/Hub Bond Strength   
o Lumen Patency   
o Fragmentation   
o Inspection of Needle Sharpness/Cleanness   
o Penetration Force Test

 ISO 6009:2016 - Hypodermic needles for single use. o Color coding ISO 9626: 2016 - Stainless steel needle tubing for the manufacture of medical devices — Requirements and test methods o pH Limits

o Inspection of Surface Appearance o Inspection of Tubing Dimensions o Stiffness Test o Breakage Resistance Test o Corrosion Resistance Test

Internal Procedure SOP 4113 o Visual Inspection of Labeling  Internal Procedure SOP 4401

o Inspection of Blister/Label Perforation,   
o Vacuum Function Evaluation   
o Test for Rubber Sleeve Returning to Original Position without Damage from Repeated Use

Internal Procedure SOP 4405 o Inspection of Cannula Transparency o Cleanliness

# B. Biocompatibility

The stainless steel cannula and silicone cannula lubricants are classified as externally communicating with limited $\leq 2 4$ hours) duration contact; all other device components have limited $\leq 2 4$ hours) duration surface contact with intact skin of the health care professional user and the patient.

Cytotoxicity per ISO 10993-5 Biological evaluation of medical devices – Part 5: Tests for in vitro cytotoxicity.   
Sensitization per ISO 10993-10 Biological evaluation of medical devices – Part 10: Tests for irritation and skin sensitization   
Irritation per ISO 10993-10 Biological evaluation of medical devices – Part 10: Tests for irritation and skin sensitization   
Acute Systemic Toxicity per ISO 10993-11 Biological evaluation of medical devices – Part 11: Tests for systemic toxicity   
Hemocompatibility per ASTM F756 Standard Practice for Assessment of Hemolytic Properties of Materials   
Material Mediated pyrogenicity per European Pharmacopoeia 10.0 Article 2.6.8 Pyrogens

C. Sterilization, Shipping and Shelf-life

 Packaging integrity test per internal procedures Sterile Barrier Packaging test done per ISO 7886-1 Sterile hypodermic syringes for single use – Part 1: Syringes for manual use Shelf life of 5 years – validated by accelerated aging per ASTM F1980 Standard Guide for Accelerated Aging of Sterile Barrier Systems for Medical Devices

# CONCLUSION

The overall technology characteristics and testing performance data lead to the conclusion that the CHIRAVAC™ Blood Collection Needles are substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device.