October 15, 2020

DiaSorin Inc.   
Mari Meyer   
Vice President, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs, North America 1951 Northwestern Avenue   
Stillwater, MN 55082

Re: K201908 Trade/Device Name: LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Testosterone xt Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1680 Regulation Name: Testosterone Test System Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: CDZ Dated: September 15, 2020 Received: September 18, 2020

Dear Mari Meyer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K201908

Device Name LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Testosterone xt

Indications for Use (Describe)

The LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Testosterone xt is a direct, competitive, chemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA) intended for the quantitative determination of testosterone in human serum and EDTA plasma on the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL Analyzer. The assay is intended for in vitro diagnostic use.

Measurement of testosterone is used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving the male sex hormones (androgens), including primary and secondary hypogonadism, delayed or precocious puberty, impotence in males and, in females hirsutism (excessive hair) and virilization (masculinization) due to tumors, polycystic ovaries, and adrenogenital syndromes.

The test has to be performed on the LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ XL Analyzer.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This 510(k) Summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

# 6.1. SUBMITTER INFORMAITON

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DiaSorin Inc.1951 Northwestern AvenueP.O. Box 285Stillwater, MN 55082-0285</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mari MeyerVice President, Regulatory and Clinical AffairsEmail:mari.meyer@diasorin.comPhone: (715) 410-7149Fax:   (651) 351-5669</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Summary Prepared:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>July 02, 2020</td></tr></table>

# 6.2. DEVICE INFORMATION

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON® Testosterone xt (k201908)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testosterone test system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON® Testosterone (k122793)</td></tr></table>

# 6.3. REGULATORY INFORMATION

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceClass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClassificationPanel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISONTestosterone xt(k201908)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Radioimmunoassay,Testosterones AndDihydrotestosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I,Reserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry(75)</td></tr></table>

# 6.4. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

PRINCIPLE OF PROCEDURE

The fundamental scientific technology (Principle of the Test) of the device as described in its current labeling has not changed as a result of the modifications.

The LIAISON® Testosterone xt assay’s method for quantitative determination of testosterone is a direct, competitive, chemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA). Specific antibody to testosterone is bound to magnetic particles (solid phase) and testosterone is linked to an isoluminol derivative. During the incubation, testosterone is dissociated from its binding protein and competes with labeled testosterone for binding sites on the antibody. After the incubation, the unbound material is removed with a wash cycle. Subsequently, the starter reagents are added and a flash chemiluminescent reaction is initiated. The light signal is measured by a photomultiplier as relative light units (RLU) and is inversely proportional to the concentration of testosterone present in calibrators, controls, or samples.

DEVICE CONTENT

The raw materials, formulation, and manufacturing procedures of the assay components have not changed as a result of the modifications.

# Reagent Integral

The LIAISON® Testosterone xt is an in vitro diagnostic device consisting of reagents provided in individual compartments within a plastic container called the Reagent Integral. The components provided in the unitized Reagent Integral include: PMP (paramagnetic particles), conjugate and assay buffer. All reagents in the integral are supplied ready to use. The assay configuration for the LIAISON® Testosterone xt allows for the performance of 100 tests.

Additional Components Not on the Reagent Integral   
The two-point calibrators are provided in the same kit box, but separate from the Reagent Integral. The two-point calibrators are supplied ready to use.

Materials Required but Not Provided

The LIAISON® Testosterone xt assay is performed on the $\mathsf { L I A l S O N } ^ { \otimes } \mathsf { X L }$ Analyzer (Model I0050; originally FDA cleared under k103529), a fully automated system with continuous loading combining the chemiluminescence technology with magnetic microparticles as the solid phase. Other accessories/consumables such as the LIAISON® XL Cuvettes, LIAISON® XL Starter Kit, LIAISON® Wash/System Liquid, LIAISON® XL Waste Bags, and the LIAISON® XL Disposable Tips are supplied separately.

# 6.5. INTENDED USE /INDICATIONS FOR USE

The Intended Use/Indications for Use of the device as described in its current labeling has not changed as a result of the modifications.

The LIAISON® Testosterone xt is a direct, competitive, chemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA) intended for the quantitative determination of testosterone in human serum and EDTA plasma on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer. The assay is intended for in vitro diagnostic use.

Measurement of testosterone is used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving the male sex hormones (androgens), including primary and secondary hypogonadism, delayed or precocious puberty, impotence in males and, in females hirsutism (excessive hair) and virilization (masculinization) due to tumors, polycystic ovaries, and adrenogenital syndromes.

The test has to be performed on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer.

# 6.6. REASON FOR SUBMISSION

This Special 510(k) is being filed to seek FDA clearance for the $\mathsf { L I A l S O N } ^ { \otimes }$ Testosterone xt assay, a modified version of the existing LIAISON® Testosterone assay, which is currently cleared (k122793, FDA cleared on January 25, 2013).

# 6.7. DESCRIPTION OF DEVICE MODIFICATION

The $\mathsf { L I A l S O N } ^ { \otimes }$ Testosterone device is being modified to extend the assay measuring range, calibration curve stability, and open use stability for the reagent integral and calibrators. Additionally, the modified device has a new proprietary name, part number, and is performed on the $\mathsf { L } | \mathsf { A } | \mathsf { S } \bar { \mathsf { O } } \mathsf { N } ^ { \circledast }$ XL Analyzer. The modifications do not change the Intended Use/Indications for Use, the fundamental scientific technology, reagent formulation, assay configuration, manufacturing procedures, principle of operation, or safety and effectiveness of the device.

A summary of the modifications and the rationale for the changes between the current cleared device, LIAISON® Testosterone (k122793) and the LIAISON® Testosterone xt (modified device) are provided in Table 6-1.

Table 6-1: Summary of the Modifications   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Modification to the LIAISON® Testosterone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cleared Device (k122793)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rationale</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Name/Part Number</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® Testosterone310410</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® Testosterone xt318410</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Measuring Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16 - 15.0 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extend Assay MeasuringRange: 0.024 - 15.0 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The     extended     AssayMeasuring    Range    andincreased    sensitivity   isneeded to satisfycurrentmarket needs.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reagent Integral Storage and Stability</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After opening and each use,the Reagent Integral shouldbe sealed with the tapeprovided with the kit, placedin the kit box and returned tostorage at 2-8°C. Undueexposure to light should beavoided. Open use is fourweeks when properly stored.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extend Open Use Stabilityof Reagent Integral up toeight (8) weeks  afteropeningwhen  properlystored.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The extended Open UseStability ofthe ReagentIntegral onceopenedisdesired   tosatisfy  allcustomer needs:- small labs, with a low ratioof test per month;- large labs with high numberof tests per months.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Storage and Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON      Testosteronecalibrators are liquidandready to use. After use, thecalibrators should bere-capped, andreturned tostorage at 2-8°C. Open useis 4 weeks when properlystored.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extend Open Use Stabilityof Calibrators up to eight (8)weeks after opening whenproperly stored.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The extended stability of theCalibrators once opened isdesired   to   satisfy  allcustomer needs:- small labs, with a low ratioof test per month;- large labs with high numberof tests per months.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Calibration Curve Stability</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recalibration in triplicate ismandatory whenever at leastone   of   the   followingconditions occurs:The previous calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extend Calibration CurveStability/ up to four (4)weeks.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The  extended  calibrationstability is desired to satisfyall customer needs:- small labs, with a low ratioof test per month;</td></tr><tr><td>was performed more than 7 days before.</td><td></td><td>- large labs with high number of tests per months.</td></tr></table>

# 6.8. COMPARISON TO PREDICATE DEVICE

The following table (Table 6-2) provides a summary of the similarities and differences between the predicate device, the LIAISON® Testosterone (k122793), and the modified device (k201908).

Table 6-2: Comparison to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 6-2: Comparison to Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® Testosterone(k122793, cleared 01/25/2013)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® Testosterone xt (k201908)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGellow</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SIMILARITIES</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LIAISON® Testosterone is a direct,competitive,                chemiluminescenceimmunoassay  (CLIA)intended for thequantitative determination of testosterone inhuman serum and EDTA plasma on theLIAISON® Analyzer. The assay is intended forin vitro diagnostic use.Measurement of testosterone is used in thediagnosis and treatment of disorders involvingthe male  sex hormones  (androgens),including     primary     and    secondaryhypogonadism, delayedor  precociouspuberty, impotence in males and, in femaleshirsutism (excessive hair) andvirilization(masculinization) due to tumors, polycysticovaries, and adrenogenital syndromes.The test has to be performed on theLIAISON® Analyzer Family*.*(LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LIAISON® Testosterone xt is a direct,competitive,               chemiluminescenceimmunoassay (CLIA) intended for thequantitative determination of testosterone inhuman serum and EDTA plasma on theLIAISON® XL Analyzer. The assayisintended for in vitro diagnostic use.Measurement of testosterone is used in thediagnosis and treatment of disordersinvolving   the   male   sex  hormones(androgens),including   primary   andsecondary  hypogonadism,  delayed  orprecocious puberty, impotence in males and,in females hirsutism (excessive hair) andvirilization (masculinization) due to tumors,polycystic  ovaries, andadrenogenitalsyndromes.The test has to be performed on theLIAISON® XL Analyzer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle of theProcedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LIAISON® Testosterone assay's methodfor quantitative determination of testosteroneis a direct, competitive, chemiluminescenceimmunoassay (CLIA). Specific antibody totestosterone is bound to magnetic particles(solid phase) and testosterone is linked to anisoluminol derivative. During the incubation,testosterone is dissociated from its bindingproteinand competes  withlabeledtestosterone for binding sites on the antibody.After the incubation, the unbound material isremoved with a wash cycle. Subsequently, thestarter reagents are added and a flashchemiluminescent reaction is initiated. Thelight signal is measured by a photomultiplieras relative light units (RLU) and is inversely</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">proportional  to  the   concentration   oftestosterone present in calibrators, controls,or samples.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology/Assay Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent Immunoassay (CLIA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleHandling/AssayProcessing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentIntegralConfiguration/Formulation(1 compartmenteach reagent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnetic Particles: Magnetic particlescoated with mouse MAb againsttestosterone, phosphate buffer, BSA, goatimmunoglobulin, and 0.2% Proclin® 300.Conjugate: Testosterone conjugated to anisoluminol derivative, in phosphate bufferwith surfactant, BSA and &lt;0.1% SodiumAzide.Assay Buffer: Phosphate buffer withsurfactant, BSA, and &lt;0.1% SodiumAzide.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentVolumeProvided</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnetic particles: 1 compartment (2.4mL)Conjugate: 1 compartment (12 mL)Assay Buffer: 1 compartment (12 mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tests per Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Raw materials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigen: TestosteroneDetector: Testosterone conjugated to anisoluminol derivative.Capture: Magnetic particles coated withmouse MAb against testosterone.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator 1, low: containing hormone freehuman serum spiked with testosterone, 0.2%Proclin® 300.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator 2, high: containing hormone freehuman serum spiked with testosterone, 0.2%Proclin® 300.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibratorConfiguration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 vials each level2.0 mL/vial, ready to use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage ofUnopenedReagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 2-8° C until ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuredAnalyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum and EDTA plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleStorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">If the assay is performed within 5 days ofsample collection, the samples should be keptat 2-8°C; otherwise they should be storedfrozen (-20°C or below).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayProcedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dispense sample, calibrator or control intoreaction module.2. Dispense magnetic particle and assaybuffer into reaction module.3. Incubate4. Dispense conjugate into reaction module.5. Incubate6. Wash with Wash/System liquid7.Add the Starter Reagents and measurethe light emitted.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalIncubation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photomultiplier (flash chemiluminescencereader)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two point verification of stored master curve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unit of Measure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ng/mL (ng/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Included with kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Provided Separately</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DIFFERENCES</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® Testosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® Testosterone xt</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">310410</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318410</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentPlatform(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® XL Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayMeasuring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16 to 15.0 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.024 to 15.0 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Blank(LoB)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 0.031 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 0.005 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit ofDetection (LoD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.098 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit ofQuantitation(LoQ)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.160 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.024 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MethodComparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A Passing and Bablok regression analysisyeilded an agreement of y = 0.9390x - 0.1002for the LIAISON® Testosterone assay versusa commercially available immunoassay. The95% confidence intervals for the slope are0.92 to 0.96 and -1.88 to 1.80 ng/dL for theintercept.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">APassing-Bablok regression analysisyielded agreement of y = 0.99x - 1.77 ng/dLfor the LIAISON® Testosterone xt versus theCDC HoSt Testosterone RMP ID-LC-MS/MSvalues. The 95% confidence intervals for theslope are 0.97 to 1.02 and -3.22 to -0.35ng/dL for the intercept.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total/Across Lots (%CV): 7.9% - 14.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total/Across Lots (%CV): 3.5% - 7.9 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The resulting equations for each sample typeare:•  Serum: Observed Analyte = 0.9942x- 16.062; R² = 0.9959SST Serum: Observed Analyte =1.0188x - 14.531; R² = 0.9965EDTA plasma: Observed Analyte =1.0057x - 13.029; R² = 0.9913</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The resulting equations for each sample typeare:•  Serum: Observed Analyte = 0.995x +0.0346; R²2 = 0.9928SST Serum: Observed Analyte =1.0225x - 57.853; R² = 0.9914EDTA plasma: Observed Analyte =1.0337x - 31.889; R² = 0.9955</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recovery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean Recovery (%): 97%Range (%): 91% - 105%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean Recovery (%): 99%Range (%): 93% - 105%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open UseStability:Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open use is four weeks when properly stored.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open use is 8 weeks when properly stored.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open UseStability:Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open use is 4 weeks when properly stored.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open use is 8 weeks when stored at 2-8°C.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationCurve Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 days</td></tr></table>

# 6.9. RISK MANAGEMENT

The Risk Management was performed in compliance with EN ISO 14971:2012 Medical Devices – Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices. The Failure Modes Effects Analysis (FMEA) methodology was used to systematically identify, estimate, evaluate, control and report risks to ensure the development and maintenance of a safe and effective product that meets its intended use.

# 6.10. VERIFICATION AND VALIDATION SUMMARY

All verification and validation activities were performed in accordance to relevant standards, established plans, protocols, and Design Control procedures. Testing verified all acceptance criteria were met. Verification of the changes did not raise any new items of safety and effectiveness.

# 6.11. SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE DATA

Refer to Table 6-2: Comparison to Predicate Device for the summary results of the verification and validation testing.

# 6.12. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE STATEMENT

All verification and validation testing conducted with the $\mathsf { L I A l S O N } ^ { \otimes }$ Testosterone xt assay demonstrate that the modified device met the predetermined acceptance criteria, supporting the determination of substantial equivalence to the predicate device.

The modifications to the predicate device to provide improved sensitivity and stability do not substantially change the device. The validation and verification data demonstrate that the performance of the LIAISON® Testosterone xt to detect testosterone is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# 6.13. CONCLUSION

The material submitted in this Special 510(k): Device Modifications of the LIAISON® Testosterone (k122793) is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision. The labeling satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR 809.10.