April 6, 2022

Apex Biotechnology Corp.   
Lisa Liu   
Manager of Quality Assurance Division   
No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science Park Hsinchu, 30078   
Taiwan

Re: K202534 Trade/Device Name: MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, JIN Dated: December 30, 2021 Received: January 6, 2022

Dear Lisa Liu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System: MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System is comprised of the MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Meter, the MTM301 Blood Glucose Test Strips, and the MTM301 Blood Ketone test strips.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K202534</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apex Biotechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact Person:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lisa LiuManager of Quality Assurance DivisionApex Biotechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)email: lisaliu@apexbio.comPhone: 011-886-3-5641952FAX: 011-886-3-5678021</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood glucose test system, over the counter, 21 CFR 862.1345, Class IIKetones (nonquantitative) test system, 21 CFR 862.1435, Class I, meetsthe limitation of exemption 21 CFR 862.9(c)(5).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Codes:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NBW·JIN</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicateDevices:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nova Max Plus Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitoring System(k091547)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceDescription:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System consistsof the MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Meter, MTM301 BloodGlucose test strips, MTM301 Blood Ketone test strips, MTM301 GlucoseControl Solution (Level 1, Level 2), and MTM301 ketone control solution(Level 1 and Level 2). The system is for self-testing of blood glucose andblood ketone. The MTM301 Blood Glucose test strips, MTM301 BloodKetone test strips, MTM301 Glucose Control Solution, and MTM301ketone control solution are purchased separately.The glucose test strips utilized in the MTM301 Blood Glucose and KetoneMonitoring System are the same as the BGM009 glucose test stripspreviously cleared in k170267 ; The ketone test strips are the same asthe KET-1 Blood Ketone test strips, previously cleared in k182593.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System: MTM301Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System is comprised of theMTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Meter, the MTM301 Blood GlucoseTest Strips, and the MTM301 Blood Ketone test strips.The MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System is intendedto quantitatively measure blood glucose or blood ketone in fresh capillarywhole blood drawn from fingertips. The system is intended for self-testingoutside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes mellitusat home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control andshould only be used by a single patient and it should not be shared. It isnot intended for diagnosis or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison ofTechnologicalCharacteristics:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose measurement is based on electrochemical biosensor technologyusing the enzyme Glucose Oxidase (GOD). The MTM301 Blood Glucosetest strips contains the enzyme, GOD, when blood flow into the reactionzone, the enzyme reacts with glucose in blood and produces electricalcurrent. The MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone meter measures thecurrent and shows the test result in 5 seconds. The technologicalcharacteristics of MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone MonitoringSystem are substantially equivalent to the predicate system (k091547).Ketone measurement is based on electrochemical biosensor technologyusing the enzyme B -hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase (HBDH). TheMTM301 Blood Ketone test strips contains the enzyme, HBDH, whenblood flow into the reaction zone, the enzyme reacts with B-Hydroxybutyrate (β-ketone) in blood and produces electrical current. TheMTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone meter measures the current andshows the test result in 8 seconds. The technological characteristics ofMTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System are substantiallyequivalent to the predicate system (k091547).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-ClinicalTesting:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing was conducted as follows: disinfection performance (robustnessof meter to multiple cleanings and disinfections), software verificationand validation, linearity study, precision testing, repeatability testing,temperature and humidity testing, intermittent sampling testing, sampleperturbation testing and stability test. Results demonstrate substantialequivalence to the predicate system.</td></tr><tr><td>Clinical Testing</td><td>Accuracy studies for glucose and ketone were conducted with home users, including evaluation of ease of use and ease of understanding of the user manual. Results demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate system.</td></tr><tr><td>Conclusion:</td><td>Clinical and analytical testing demonstrated that the MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System perform in a substantially equivalent manner to that of the predicate. We conclude that the MTM301 Blood Glucose and Ketone Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate system.</td></tr></table>