Retractable Technologies, Inc. Becky Piroga   
Regulatory Affairs Manager 511 Lobo Lane   
Little Elm, Texas 75068

Re: K202325 Trade/Device Name: EasyPoint Blood Collection Plus Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA, FMI Dated: March 1, 2021 Received: March 9, 2021

Dear Becky Piroga:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Ifyour devic is classified (see above) intoeither class II (Special Controls) or class II (MA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go tohttps//www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for moreinformation or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

# Sincerely, James M. Simpson Jr -S7

for Payal Patel   
Acting Assistant Director   
DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors   
OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Theburden orhicollection  noation  tate averageours  one,ncu time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection o information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td>I. SUBMITTER</td><td>Retractable Technologies, Inc. 511 Lobo Lane</td></tr><tr><td>FDA Registration:</td><td>Little Elm, TX 75068 1647137</td></tr><tr><td>Phone:</td><td>972-294-1010</td></tr><tr><td>Fax:</td><td>972-294-4400</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person:</td><td>Becky Piroga, Regulatory Affairs Manager</td></tr><tr><td>Date Prepared:</td><td>November 15, 2019</td></tr></table>

II. DEVICE Name of Device: Common Name: Classification Name:

EasyPoint $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Collection Plus   
Blood collection tube holder with attached needle   
-Tubes, vials, systems, serum separators, blood collection (21   
CFR 862.1675)   
JKA, FMI   
K202325

Regulatory Class: Product Codes: 510k Number:

# III. PREDICATE DEVICE

K982541  Vacutainer $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ EclipseTM Blood Collection Needle

# IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The EasyPoint $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Collection Plus is a blood collection tube holder with an attached needle, and is intended to facilitate blood collection from patients. The device contains a sharps injury prevention feature (needlestick prevention feature - chamber, utilizing automated retraction technology) which covers the entire needle when activated. The EasyPoint $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Collection Plus aids in the prevention of needlestick injuries during normal handling and disposal, and prevents re-use of a contaminated needle.

The EasyPoint $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Collection Plus allows for multiple sample draws from a single venipuncture. After blood collection is complete, the retraction mechanism is activated and the device disassembles itself by retracting the contaminated needle into the safety chamber. The safety mechanism allows the user to activate the needle retraction while the needle is still in the patient, preventing exposure to the contaminated needle. The safety mechanism can be activated using one step and allows the user's hands to remain behind the sharp during activation.

# V. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The EasyPoint $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Collection Plus is intended for use with evacuated blood collection tubes for venous blood collection, while aiding in the prevention of needlestick injuries and contaminated needle exposure.

The device contains a sharps injury prevention feature which covers the entire needle when activated. The safety mechanism allows the user to activate the needle retraction while the needle is still in the patient, preventing exposure to the contaminated needle.

# VI. COMPARISON TO THE PREDICATE DEVICE

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device:EasyPoint® BloodCollection Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Vacutainer® EclipseTMBlood Collection Needle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device ClassificationName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypodermic single lumenneedle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypodermic single lumenneedle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JKA, FMI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FMI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same, with additionalcategory (blood collection)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for use withevacuated blood collectiontubes for venous bloodcollection, while aiding inthe prevention ofneedlestick injuries andcontaminated needleexposure.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Designed for use withVacutainer® BloodCollection NeedleHolders in performingvenipuncture to obtainblood samples.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same, except theEasyPoint® BloodCollection Plus is alreadyattached to a bloodcollection tube holder (noneed for a separateaccessory device).*Comparison tests wereperformed usingVacutainer® EclipseTMBlood Collection Needlewith Pre-attached Holder.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>May be used for bloodcollection for diagnosticpurposes of any patientpopulation withconsideration given topatient size, perinstitutional protocol.Single Use Only. SuppliedSterile.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>May be used for bloodcollection for diagnosticpurposes. Recommendsreferring to institutionalprotocol for venipunctureprocedures; does notrestrict usage to aparticular patientpopulation.Single Use Only.Supplied Sterile.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same. Neither providescriteria for population-specific use of the product.Both products recommendreferring to institutionalprotocol for appropriatevenipuncture procedures.Both products are suppliedsterile and are indicated forsingle use only. Bothproducts are indicated forblood collection fordiagnostic purposes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Needle Gauge Sizeused in comparisonstudies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G x 1 1½/&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G x 1 1½/&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Additional NeedleGauge Sizes Available</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22G x 1 ½&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22G x 1 ½/4&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Page 3 of 5   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Materials forComponents inCommon</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Cap:Polypropylene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Needle Cap:PolypropyleneNeedle Cannula:304 Stainless SteelNeedle Lubricant:Silicone LubricantNeedle Adhesive:Epoxy ResinNeedle Holder:PolystyreneNeedle Rubber Sleeve:Synthetic Rubber (notmade with natural rubberlatex)Tube Holder*:Polypropylene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Same except for needleholder and needle adhesive.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Cannula:304 Stainless SteelNeedle Lubricant:Silicone LubricantNeedle Adhesive:UV Cure AdhesiveNeedle Holder:PolycarbonateNeedle Rubber Sleeve:Synthetic PolyisopreneRubber (not made withnatural rubber latex)Tube Holder:Polypropylene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials forComponents thatDiffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Retraction Spring:304 Stainless SteelDevice Body:PolypropyleneTube Holder Connector:Polypropylene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collar:PolystyreneSafety Shield:Polypropylene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety Mechanism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated RetractionTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hinged Safety Shield</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The EasyPoint® BloodCollection Plus utilizes aretraction safetymechanism, which retractsthe contaminated needleinto a safety chamber usingautomated retractiontechnology. TheVacutainer® EclipseTMBlood Collection Needleutilizes a safety shield safetymechanism, which coversthe contaminated needleafter use using a hingedsafety shield activated withthumb pressure.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterilization Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylene Oxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Radiation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The sterilization methodsare different, but bothprovide the same level ofsterility assurance. Bothproducts, through validatedsterilization methods to theirrespective ISO standards(ISO 11135 and ISO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11137), guarantee a SAL of10-6.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biocompatibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 10993-1Cytotoxicity, etc [list tests]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 10993-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same. Both productsconform to ISO 10993-1,Biological evaluation ofmedical devices -Evaluation and testingwithin a risk managementprocess.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precautions andSymbols Indicated onPackaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-Sterile (EO)-Do not re-use-Do not use if package isdamaged-Not Made With NaturalRubber Latex-LOT number-Expiration Date-Non-toxic-Non-pyrogenic-Consult instructions foruse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-Sterile (R)-Do not re-use-Do not use if package isdamaged-Not Made With NaturalRubber Latex-LOT number-Expiration Date-Keep away from sunlight-Caution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar. Biocompatibilityand cytotoxicity testing hasbeen performed byRetractable Technologies,Inc. to validate the claims ofNon-toxic and Non-pyrogenic.</td></tr></table>

Adialorati  peondteal pristud  eunhey th u

# Biocompatibility Testing

A Biological Safety Evaluation (BSE) of the EasyPoint $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Collection Plus was conducted in accordance with ISO 10993-1, ISO 14971, and the FDA Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff "Use of International Standard ISO 10993-1." It was found to be non-cytotoxic, a non-sensitizer, a non-irritant, nonpyrogenic, non-hemolytic, and to not produce acute systemic toxicity. Additional details and reports can be found in the body of this submission.

# Mechanical Testing

Engineering and performance testing on the EasyPoint $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Collection Plus was performed according to applicable design requirements of ISO 7864 and ISO 9626. Performance tests were developed by Retractable Technologies, Inc. to measure the functionality (retraction) force, needle pullout force, rubber sleeve pullout force, needle cap separation force, puncture/penetration force, and to verify that the device does not leak under pressure. Additional details and reports can be found in the body of this submission.

# Simulated Use Study

A simulated use pre-market study was conducted to demonstrate through human factors validation testing that the EasyPoint $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Collection Plus device performs safely and effectively when used by a variety of healthcare workers in a simulated use scenario. The study showed that the EasyPoint $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Collection Plus is comparable to currently legally marketed blood collection tube holders with regards to safety, ease of use, effective use, needlestick prevention, and device functionality. Additional details, including the final report from the pre-market study, can be found in the body of this submission.

# Sterilization Validation

Sterilization validation was performed according to ISO 11135  "Sterilization of healthcare products  Ethylene Oxide  Requirements for the development, validation and routine control of a sterilization process for medical devices." The sterilization chamber and process used to sterilize the EasyPoint $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Collection Plus has been successfully used for many other products manufactured by Retractable Technologies, Inc. This revalidation to specifically address the addition of the EasyPoint $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Collection Plus demonstrated that the sterilization process continues to be effective and to meet the sterility assurance level (SAL) of $1 0 ^ { - 6 }$ Additional details and reports can be found in the body of this submission.

# VIII. CONCLUSION

Results of testing have demonstrated that the EasyPoint $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Collection Plus meets requirements for its intended use. The EasyPoint $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Collection Plus is substantially equivalent to its predicate device, the Vacutainer $\mathfrak { R }$ EclipseTM Blood Collection Needle. The intended uses are the same, the materials are effectively the same, and no new concerns regarding safety and effectiveness were raised during comparison testing.