May 7, 2021

Bigfoot Biomedical, Inc. Kate Lee SVP, Regulatory & Quality 1820 McCarthy Blvd Milpitas, CA 95035

Re: K202145 Trade/Device Name: Bigfoot Unity Diabetes Management System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1355 Regulation Name: Integrated continuous glucose monitoring system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QLG, QOG Dated: April 9, 2021 Received: April 9, 2021

Dear Kate Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Bigfoot Unity Diabetes Management System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Bigfoot Unity Diabetes Management System is indicated for the management of diabetes in persons age 12 years and older.

Bigfoot Unity provides glucose monitoring data via the Abbott FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring sensor. The system incorporates real time alarm capabilities and is designed to replace blood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions, unless otherwise indicated. The device is intended to provide insulin dose information using the available glucose data to assist persons with diabetes mellitus who use disposable pen-injectors for the self-injection of insulin in implementing health care provider recommended insulin dose regimens. The device is intended for single patient use only and requires a prescription.

Bigfoot Unity is also intended to communicate autonomously with digitally connected medical devices where the user manually controls therapy decisions.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.qov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number

# 510(k) SUMMARY

Bigfoot UnityTm Diabetes Management System

# 1. Submitter:

Address:

Bigfoot Biomedical, Inc. 1820 McCarthy Blvd Milpitas, CA 95035 (408) 514-4429

Phone:

Contact: Kate Lee Date Prepared: April 27, 2021

# II. Device:

Name of Device: Bigfoot UnityTm Diabetes Management System Common Name: Integrated Continuous Glucose Monitor

Classification Integrated Continuous Glucose Monitoring System, Factory Calibrated, Name: Not For Use With Automated Insulin Delivery Systems

Regulatory Class: Class 11 (21 CFR ยง862.1355, 21CFR $\ S$ 880.5860 Product Code: QLG, QOG

# III. Predicate Device:

Abbott Diabetes Care FreeStyle Libre 2 - K193371

# IV. Device Description:

The Bigfoot Unity Diabetes Management System ('Bigfoot Unity System') integrates continuous glucose monitoring with insulin dose recommendations to support people with diabetes mellitus who use disposable insulin pens for self-injection of insulin. The system consists of the Abbott Diabetes Care, Inc.'s FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System ("FreeStyle Libre 2") integrated continuous glucose monitor (iCGM) sensor, two reusable insulin pen caps (one each for rapid-acting and long-acting insulin pens) and a mobile application. The components communicate via near field communication (NFC) and Bluetooth.

The device generates glucose data using the FreeStyle Libre 2 sensor and displays the data (value and trend) on the rapid-acting insulin pen cap. The rapid-acting pen cap also displays correction and meal insulin doses based upon settings prescribed by the user's healthcare provider and the available glucose data. The long-acting pen cap displays the long-acting insulin dose prescribed by the user's healthcare provider. From the dose recommendations on the pen caps as well as other contextually relevant information such as glucose trend arrows and current exercise status, users determine the doses to take. Users manually select an insulin dose and administer it using the pens according to the insulin manufacturers' instructions. In addition to dose information, both pen caps track the time of insulin doses.

The mobile app provides fixed and configurable system alerts based upon data generated by the FreeStyle Libre 2 sensor. It also enables entry of the healthcare provider prescribed insulin dosing regimen as well as provides system alerts and historical information. In addition, the mobile app manages the secure wireless communication between the system components and enables the transfer of the system data to the cloud.

# V. Intended Use / Indications for Use

The Bigfoot Unity Diabetes Management System is indicated for the management of diabetes in persons age 12 years and older.

Bigfoot Unity provides glucose monitoring data via the Abbott FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring sensor. The system incorporates real time alarm capabilities and is designed to replace blood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions, unless otherwise indicated. The device is intended to provide insulin dose information using the available glucose data to assist persons with diabetes mellitus who use disposable pen-injectors for the self-injection of insulin in implementing health care provider recommended insulin dose regimens. The device is intended for single patient use only and requires a prescription.

Bigfoot Unity is also intended to communicate autonomously with digitally connected medical devices where the user manually controls therapy decisions.

# VI. Technological Characteristics

The Bigfoot Unity System has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation compared to the predicate device. Bigfoot Unity incorporates the FreeStyle Libre 2 sensor, using the same technology to measure interstitial glucose and provide real-time glucose data to the user. The minor technological differences between the Bigfoot Unity System and its predicate device primarily relate to the location of glucose data display, alert implementation and the inclusion of the HCP-prescribed dose recommendations. These technical differences do not impact the availability of accurate data to support the user in making appropriate dosing decisions. Thus, they do not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness. Performance data additionally demonstrates that the Bigfoot Unity System is as safe and effective as its predicates.

# VII. Performance Data

Bench test results support the performance characteristics of the Bigfoot Unity System and show equivalence to the currently marketed predicate device. In all instances, the Bigfoot Unity System functioned as intended and the results of the testing met the acceptance criteria.

# Analytical and Clinical Performance:

The analytical and clinical performance of the FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitor was assessed under K193371.

# Human Factors:

Human factors and usability testing of the Bigfoot Unity System was conducted to determine whether the user interface design and labeling would impact the performance of the device. Human factors testing was conducted in accordance with:

\* FDA Guidance titled Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical   
Devices, dated February 3, 2016   
\* ANSI/AAMI/IEC 62366: Medical devices - Application of Usability Engineering to Medical   
Devices

# Software Verification and Validation:

Software verification and validation testing was conducted to confirm that the software used in the Bigfoot Unity System performed in accordance with established specifications, and FDA Guidance document Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices (May 11, 2005). Verification activities included unit, component, system integration, and system level testing which verified functionality of the device against established software requirements. Results of the software executed protocols for the Unity System met the acceptance criteria and therefore supports that the Bigfoot Unity software is acceptable for its intended use.

# Biocompatibility:

The Bigfoot Unity System was determined to be biocompatible per the requirements of ISO 10993- 1: 2018, Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices - Part 1: Evaluation and Testing.

# Electromagnetic Compatibility and Electrical Safety:

The Bigfoot Unity System has been tested and shown to comply with the electrical safety and electromagnetic compatibility requirements in IEC 60601-1:2006/Al:2013, Medical Electrical Equipment Part 1: General Requirements for Basic Safety and Essential Performance, IEC/EN 60601-1-2:2014 and IEC CfSPR 11. Additionally, the Bigfoot Unity System complies with fEC 60601-1-11:2015, Medical Electrical Equipment - Part 1-11: General Requirements for Basic Safety and Essential Performance - Collateral Standard: Requirements for Medical Electrical Equipment and Medical Electrical Systems Used in the Home Healthcare Environment.

Wireless coexistence and EMC testing were performed to confirm that the Bigfoot Unity System remains functional and performs within acceptable limits while in the presence of common radiating electronic devices in accordance with applicable standards as well as FDA Guidance document Radio Frequency Wireless Technology in Medical Devices. The Bigfoot Unity System demonstrated successful coexistence testing in the presence of common RF interfering devices (2.4 GHz frequency band) that are likely to be encountered by users in a home environment.

The Bigfoot Unity System also successfully demonstrated compliance with airworthiness requirements per the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Advisory Circular RTCA/DO-160.

# Environmental Testing:

Environmental testing on the Bigfoot Unity System was performed in accordance with fEC 60601-1 to ensure the device specifications for operating temperature, operating humidity, operating pressure, impact resistance, vibration resistance, shock resistance, drop resistance, and storage conditions were met.

# Interoperability:

The Bigfoot Unity System interoperability approach is in alignment with FDA guidance, Design Considerations and Pre-market Submission Recommendations for Interoperable Medical Devices (September 6, 2017) and with the iCGM interoperability approach taken by the predicate device.

# Cybersecurity:

Cybersecurity risk management was performed included the analysis of confidentiality, integrity, and availability for data, information and software related to the Bigfoot Unity System. Appropriate risk mitigation controls have been implemented and tested.

# VIII. Conclusion

The Bigfoot Unity System has the same intended use and clinical application as the predicate device. There are no differences in technological characteristics that raise questions of safety or effectiveness. The Bigfoot Unity System provides significant benefits to users (ease of use/access to insulin dose recommendations based on glucose information where the user manually controls actions for therapy decisions) that outweigh any potential risks associated with manual management of care. Bench testing along with human factors testing demonstrated that the Bigfoot Unity System provides accurate and reliable dose recommendation based on current standard of care from a healthcare provider. Accordingly, based on this and the data provided in this pre-market notification, the subject device and predicate device have been shown to be substantially equivalent.