Abbott Laboratories Diagnostic Division Judi Wallach Regulatory Affairs Project Manager Dept. 09AA, Bldg. Ap8, 100 Abbott Park Road Abbott Park, Illinois 60064-6038

Re: K202525 Trade/Device Name: Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1215 Regulation Name: Creatine Phosphokinase/Creatine Kinase Or Isoenzymes Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MMI Dated: February 1, 2022 Received: February 2, 2022

Dear Judi Wallach:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use (Describe)

The Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) used for the quantitative determination of cardiac troponin I (cTnI) in human plasma (lithium heparin) on the Alinity i system.

The Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay is to be used as an aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction (MI).

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

# Section 5: 510(k) Summary

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and 21 CFR 807.92.

# I. 510(k) Number

K202525

# II. Applicant Name

Date summary prepared: May 13, 2022

Abbott Laboratories Diagnostics Division   
Dept. 9AA, CP01-2   
100 Abbott Park Road   
Abbott Park, IL 60064

Primary contact person for all communications:

Judi Wallach, ADD, Regulatory Affairs Project Manager Telephone Number: (224) 667-1132 Fax Number: (224) 667-4836

Secondary contact person for all communications:

Julian Braz, ADD, Director, Regulatory Affairs Telephone Number: (224) 330-9230

# III. Device Name

Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I

# Reagents

Trade Name: Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Name: Creatine phosphokinase/creatine kinase or isoenzymes test system   
Governing Regulation: 862.1215

Code: MMI

# IV. Predicate Device

ARCHITECT STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I (K191595)

# V. Intended Use of the Device

The Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) used for the quantitative determination of cardiac troponin I (cTnI) in human plasma (lithium heparin) on the Alinity i system.

The Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay is to be used as an aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction (MI).

# VI. Description of Device

The Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I Reagent Kit contains:

Microparticles: 1 bottle ( $6 . 6 \mathrm { m L }$ per 100 test cartridge / $3 3 . 8 \mathrm { m L }$ per 600 test cartridge). Anti-troponin I (mouse, monoclonal) coated microparticles in TRIS buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer. Minimum concentration: $0 . 0 3 5 \%$ solids. Preservative: ProClin 300.

Conjugate: 1 bottle $\mathrm { 6 . 1 \ m L }$ per 100 test cartridge $^ { \prime } 3 3 . 8 \mathrm { m L }$ per 600 test cartridge). Anti-troponin I (mouse-human chimeric, monoclonal) acridinium-labeled conjugate in MES buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer and human IgG. Minimum concentration: $0 . 1 \mathrm { m g / L }$ . Preservative: ProClin 300.

Principles of the Procedure

The Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay is an automated, two-step immunoassay for the quantitative determination of cTnI in human plasma (lithium heparin) using CMIA technology.

Sample and anti-troponin I antibody-coated paramagnetic microparticles are combined and incubated. The cTnI present in the sample binds to the anti-troponin I coated microparticles. The mixture is washed. Anti-troponin I acridinium-labeled conjugate is added to create a reaction mixture and incubated. Following a wash cycle, Pre-Trigger and Trigger Solutions are added.

The resulting chemiluminescent reaction is measured as a relative light unit (RLU). There is a direct relationship between the amount of cTnI in the sample and the RLU detected by the system optics.

# VII. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay (subject device) utilizes a CMIA methodology for the quantitative in vitro determination of cTnI and is intended for use on the Alinity i system.

The similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate device are presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alinity i STAT High SensitivityTroponin-I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARCHITECT STAT High SensitivityTroponin-I (K191595)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use /Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Alinity i STAT High SensitivityTroponin-I assay is a CMIA used for thequantitative determination of cTnI inhuman plasma (lithium heparin) on theAlinity i system.The Alinity i STAT High SensitivityTroponin-I assay is to be used as an aid inthe diagnosis of MI.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARCHITECT STAT HighSensitivity Troponin-I assay is a CMIAused for the quantitative determinationof cTnI in human plasma (dipotassium[K2] EDTA) on the ARCHITECT2000SR System.The ARCHITECT STAT HighSensitivity Troponin-I assay is to beused as an aid in the diagnosis of MI.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific AnalyteDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cTnI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Device Characteristic Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma (lithium heparin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma (dipotassium EDTA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99th PercentileCutoff / ExpectedValues fromApparently HealthyIndividuals(ng/L, pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female: 14Male: 35Overall: 27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female: 17Male: 35Overall: 28</td></tr></table>

VIII. Performance Summary\*

A. Nonclinical

# 1. Precision

Reproducibility

A study was performed using 1 lot of the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I reagents, 1 lot of the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I Calibrators, and 1 lot of the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I Controls. The study was performed to include lithium heparin separator plasma specimens within each of 5 target concentration ranges $\cdot > 3$ to $6 \mathrm { n g / L }$ , 10 to $2 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ , 30 to $5 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ , 100 to $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ , and $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ to near the upper limit of the analytical measuring interval [AMI]). Only one specimen per concentration range was collected in a single day. The study was performed over a minimum of 3 days. Each specimen was stored at room temperature and tested in duplicate, twice in one day, on each of 3 instruments (for a total of 12 replicates) within 8 hours of collection.

<table><tr><td colspan="8">Mean</td><td colspan="2">Within-</td><td colspan="2">Reproducibilityb</td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>n</td><td>(ng/L, pg/mL)</td><td colspan="2">Within-Run</td><td colspan="2">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2">Laboratorya</td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>12</td><td>3.5</td><td>0.22</td><td>6.2</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.22</td><td>6.2</td><td>0.30</td><td>8.7</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>12</td><td>5.2</td><td>0.30</td><td>5.7</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.30</td><td>5.7</td><td>0.67</td><td>12.7</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>12</td><td>8.0</td><td>0.25</td><td>3.2</td><td>0.23</td><td>2.9</td><td>0.34</td><td>4.3</td><td>0.67</td><td>8.4</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>12</td><td>13.6</td><td>0.37</td><td>2.7</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.37</td><td>2.7</td><td>0.61</td><td>4.5</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>12 12</td><td>13.9</td><td>0.37</td><td>2.7</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.37</td><td>2.7</td><td>0.37</td><td>2.7</td></tr><tr><td>6 7</td><td>12</td><td>15.1 18.2</td><td>0.65 0.82</td><td>4.3</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.65</td><td>4.3</td><td>0.65</td><td>4.3</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>12</td><td>20.2</td><td>0.66</td><td>4.5 3.3</td><td>0.00 0.00</td><td>0.0 0.0</td><td>0.82</td><td>4.5</td><td>0.82</td><td>4.5</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>12</td><td>36.9</td><td>0.73</td><td></td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.66</td><td>3.3</td><td>0.74</td><td>3.7</td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td>12</td><td>46.7</td><td>0.90</td><td>2.0 1.9</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.73 0.90</td><td>2.0</td><td>1.17</td><td>3.2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>12</td><td>51.6</td><td>1.22</td><td>2.4</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>1.9</td><td>0.95</td><td>2.0</td></tr><tr><td>11 12</td><td>12</td><td>172.6</td><td>4.51</td><td></td><td>1.07 5.53</td><td>2.1 3.2</td><td>1.63 7.14</td><td>3.2</td><td>1.63</td><td>3.2</td></tr><tr><td>13</td><td>12</td><td>233.0</td><td>5.00</td><td>2.6 2.1</td><td>9.18</td><td>3.9</td><td>10.45</td><td>4.1 4.5</td><td>7.14 10.45</td><td>4.1 4.5</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Mean (ng/L,</td><td colspan="2">Within-Run</td><td colspan="2">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2">Within- Laboratorya</td><td colspan="2">Reproducibilityb</td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>n</td><td>pg/mL)</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td></tr><tr><td>14</td><td>12</td><td>300.0</td><td>11.00</td><td>3.7</td><td>5.61</td><td>1.9</td><td>12.35</td><td>4.1</td><td>12.35</td><td>4.1</td></tr><tr><td>15</td><td>12</td><td>1228.3</td><td>29.03</td><td>2.4</td><td>45.23</td><td>3.7</td><td>53.74</td><td>4.4</td><td>53.74</td><td>4.4</td></tr><tr><td>16</td><td>12</td><td>1974.6</td><td>49.46</td><td>2.5</td><td>57.97</td><td>2.9</td><td>76.21</td><td>3.9</td><td>76.21</td><td>3.9</td></tr><tr><td>17</td><td>12</td><td>2871.4</td><td>72.86</td><td>2.5</td><td>85.31</td><td>3.0</td><td>112.19</td><td>3.9</td><td>112.19</td><td>3.9</td></tr></table>

a Includes within-run and between-run variability. b Includes within-run, between-run, and between-instrument variability.

# Within-Laboratory Precision

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.\* Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I reagents, 2 lots of the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I Calibrators, 1 lot of the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I Controls, 1 lot of Bio-Rad Liquichek Cardiac Markers Plus Control LT (Level 2), and 2 instruments. Three controls were tested in duplicate, twice per day on 20 days (following the manufacturers’ storage and handling requirements) on 6 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations. The performance from a representative combination is shown in the following table.

Note: Patient samples can only be stored for 8 hours at room temperature;   
therefore, 20-day precision was conducted with quality controls.

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="2">Within-Run (Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2">Within-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>n</td><td>Mean (ng/L, pg/mL)</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD (Rangeb)</td><td>%CV (Rangeb)</td></tr><tr><td>Low Control</td><td>80</td><td>19.9</td><td>0.73</td><td>3.7</td><td>0.81 (0.76-1.13)</td><td>4.1 (3.9-5.1)</td></tr><tr><td>Medium Control</td><td>80</td><td>199.8</td><td>6.14</td><td>3.1</td><td>7.25 (5.54-7.25)</td><td>3.6 (2.8-3.6)</td></tr><tr><td>Bio-Rad Level 2</td><td>80</td><td>1442.7</td><td>45.91</td><td>3.2</td><td>60.02 (49.50-69.39)</td><td>4.2 (3.3-4.5)</td></tr></table>

a Includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variability.

b Minimum and maximum SD or $\% \mathrm { C V }$ across all reagent lot and instrument combinations.

# 2. Lower Limits of Measurement

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP17-A2.\* Testing was conducted using 2 lots of the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I reagents on each of 2 instruments (1 instrument for limit of blank [LoB]). The maximum observed LoB, limit of detection (LoD), and limit of quantitation (LoQ) values are summarized below. These representative data support the lower limit of the analytical measuring interval.

<table><tr><td></td><td>ng/L (pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>LoBa</td><td>0.0</td></tr><tr><td>LoDb</td><td>0.9</td></tr><tr><td>LoQc</td><td>2.7</td></tr></table>

a The LoB represents the 95th percentile from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of zero-analyte samples. b The LoD represents the lowest concentration at which the analyte can be detected with $9 5 \%$ probability based on $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples. c The LoQ is defined as the lowest concentration at which a maximum allowable precision of $2 0 \% C \mathrm { V }$ was met and was determined from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples.

# 3. Linearity

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP06-A.† This assay is linear across the analytical measuring interval of 2.7 to $3 6 0 0 . 0 \mathrm { n g / L ( p g / m L ) }$ .

# 4. Analytical Specificity

# a. Interference

Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed.\* Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $1 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / L } }$ and $5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ for bilirubin, total protein, and Intralipid and $1 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / L } }$ and $2 0 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ for hemoglobin).

# No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin (conjugated)</td><td>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin</td><td>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Total protein</td><td>8.8 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Intralipid</td><td>3000 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Interference beyond $\pm 1 0 \%$ was observed at the concentration shown below for the following substance.

<table><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td>Interferent Level</td><td>Analyte Level</td><td>% Interference</td></tr><tr><td>Total Protein</td><td>9.0 g/dL</td><td>500 ng/L</td><td>-10.9%</td></tr></table>

The Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay is susceptible to interference effects from total protein $> 8 . 8 ~ \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { d L }$ . Total protein from 9.0 to $1 2 . 0 \ : \mathrm { g / d L }$ decreased troponin values at $5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ by up to $- 1 6 . 3 \%$ .

# Potentially Interfering Drugs

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07-A2\* and EP07, 3rd ed. Each drug was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $1 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / L } }$ and $5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ ).

# No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Drug</td><td>Interferent Level</td><td>Potentially Interfering Drug</td><td>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td>Acetaminophen</td><td>250 μg/mL</td><td>Ibuprofen</td><td>500 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td>1000 μg/mL</td><td>Levodopa</td><td>20 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Adrenaline</td><td>0.37 μg/mL</td><td>Low MW Heparin</td><td>5 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Allopurinol</td><td>400 μg/mL</td><td>Methyldopa</td><td>25 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Ambroxol</td><td>400 μg/mL</td><td>Methylprednisolone</td><td>80 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Ampicillin</td><td>1000 μg/mL</td><td>Metronidazole</td><td>200 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Ascorbic Acid</td><td>300 μg/mL</td><td>Nicotine</td><td>2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Atenolol</td><td>10 μg/mL</td><td>Nifedipine</td><td>60 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Biotin</td><td>4250 ng/mL</td><td>Nitrofurantoin</td><td>64 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Bivalirudin</td><td>42 μg/mL</td><td>Nystatin</td><td>7.5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Caffeine</td><td>100 μg/mL</td><td>Oxytetracycline</td><td>5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Captopril</td><td>50 μg/mL</td><td>Phenylbutazone</td><td>400 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Carvedilol</td><td>150 μg/mL</td><td>Phenytoin</td><td>100 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Cefoxitin</td><td>2500 μg/mL</td><td>Primidone</td><td>10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Cinnarizine</td><td>400 μg/mL</td><td>Propranolol</td><td>5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Clopidogrel</td><td>75 μg/mL</td><td>Quinidine</td><td>20 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>10 μg/mL</td><td>Rifampicin</td><td>60 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Cyclosporine</td><td>5 μg/mL</td><td>Salicylic Acid</td><td>600 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Diclofenac</td><td>50 μg/mL</td><td>Simvastatin</td><td>20 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Digoxin</td><td>7.5 μg/mL</td><td>Sodium Heparin</td><td>8 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Dopamine</td><td>900 μg/mL</td><td>Streptokinase</td><td>31.3 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Doxycycline</td><td>50 μg/mL</td><td>Theophylline</td><td>75 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Eptifibatide</td><td>7 μg/mL</td><td>TPA</td><td>2.3 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

Interference beyond $\pm 1 0 \%$ was observed at the concentration shown below for the following drug.   

<table><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Drug</td><td>Interferent Level</td><td>Potentially Interfering Drug</td><td>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td>Erythromycin</td><td>200 μg/mL</td><td>Trimethoprim</td><td>75 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Fondaparinux</td><td>4 μg/mL</td><td>Verapamil</td><td>160 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Furosemide</td><td>400 μg/mL</td><td>Warfarin</td><td>30 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

$\mathbf { M W } =$ Molecular weight TPA $=$ Tissue plasminogen activator

<table><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Drug</td><td>Interferent Level</td><td>Analyte Level</td><td>% Interference</td></tr><tr><td>Fibrinogen</td><td>1000 mg/dL</td><td>15 ng/L</td><td>24.3%</td></tr></table>

Specimens from individuals with elevated levels of fibrinogen may demonstrate falsely elevated values.

# Potentially Interfering Other Conditions

Specimens containing human anti-mouse antibodies (HAMA) were evaluated at 3 levels of the analyte (approximately 2.7, 15, and $5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ ) with the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay. The individual differences for samples near $2 . 7 \mathrm { n g / L }$ ranged from -0.2 to $0 . 1 \mathrm { n g / L }$ . The individual $\%$ differences for samples near $1 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / L } }$ and $5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ ranged from - $. 8 . 9 \%$ to $- 0 . 5 \%$ . No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed with specimens containing HAMA at concentrations up to $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

The Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay is susceptible to interference effects from $\mathrm { H A M A } > 1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . HAMA at $2 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ decreased troponin values up to $- 1 1 . 0 \%$ .

Samples at 3 levels of the analyte (approximately 2.7, 15, and $5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ ) were spiked with rheumatoid factor (RF) to concentrations of $1 2 0 0 \mathrm { \ : I U / m L }$ and $1 4 9 5 \mathrm { I U / m L }$ and tested with the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay. For samples tested at an RF concentration of $1 2 0 0 \mathrm { I U / m L }$ , the difference for a sample near $2 . 7 \mathrm { n g / L }$ was $0 . 3 ~ \mathrm { { n g / L } }$ , and the $\%$ differences for samples near $1 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / L } }$ and $5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ were $- 7 . 1 \%$ and $- 7 . 6 \%$ , respectively. For samples tested at an RF concentration of $1 4 9 5 \mathrm { I U / m L }$ , the difference for a sample near $2 . 7 \mathrm { n g / L }$ was - ${ \mathrm { - 0 . 1 ~ n g / L } }$ , and the $\%$ differences for samples near $1 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / L } }$ and $5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ were $- 1 2 . 6 \%$ and $- 1 8 . 9 \%$ , respectively.

The Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay is susceptible to interference effects from $\mathrm { R F } > 1 2 0 0 \mathrm { I U } / \mathrm { m L }$ . RF at $1 4 9 5 \mathrm { I U / m L }$ decreased troponin values up to $- 1 8 . 9 \%$ .

Although the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay is specifically designed to minimize the effects of HAMA, heterophilic antibodies, and RF, assay results may be impacted by these proteins.

Troponin autoantibodies have been reported to be present in approximately $10 \%$ to $20 \%$ of patients presenting to the emergency department (ED) and may lead to falsely low troponin assay results and delay in treatment of acute coronary syndrome (ACS).\*,† Therefore, a test result that is inconsistent with the clinical picture and patient history should be interpreted with caution.

# b. Cross-Reactants

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed. Samples with cTnI target concentrations of 2.7, 15, and $5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / L }$ containing the cross-reactants at the concentrations listed below were tested with the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay. The observed $\%$ cross-reactivity was $\leq 1 \%$ for all cross-reactants evaluated at each analyte level.

<table><tr><td>Cross-Reactant</td><td>Cross-Reactant Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Actin</td><td>1 000 000 ng/L</td></tr><tr><td>Cardiac troponin C</td><td>1 000 000 ng/L</td></tr><tr><td>Cardiac troponin T</td><td>1 000 000 ng/L</td></tr><tr><td>Creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB)</td><td>1 000 000 ng/L</td></tr><tr><td>Myoglobin</td><td>1 000 000 ng/L</td></tr><tr><td>Myosin</td><td>1 000 000 ng/L</td></tr><tr><td>Skeletal troponin I</td><td>1 000 000 ng/L</td></tr><tr><td>Tropomyosin</td><td>1 000 000 ng/L</td></tr></table>

# 5. Expected Values

This study was performed on the ARCHITECT i2000SR System.

A reference range study was conducted based on guidance from CLSI EP28-A3c.\* Specimens were collected from 1531 apparently healthy individuals in a US population with normal levels of cardiac B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and HbA1c, and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) values $\geq 6 0 ~ \mathrm { m L / m i n }$ . Each specimen was stored frozen, thawed, and evaluated in replicates of one using the ARCHITECT STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay. The 99th

percentiles described in the following table for this population were determined using the robust statistical method described in CLSI EP28-A3c.

<table><tr><td>Apparently Healthy Population</td><td></td><td>Age Range (years)</td><td>99th Percentile (ng/L, pg/mL)</td><td>90% CI (ng/L, pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Female</td><td>763a</td><td>21 - 75</td><td>14</td><td>[12, 17]</td></tr><tr><td>Male</td><td>766</td><td>21 - 73</td><td>35</td><td>[27, 44]</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>1531</td><td>21 - 75</td><td>27</td><td>[22, 32]</td></tr></table>

a During the sex-specific analysis, 2 female subjects were identified as outliers. The subjects and results were excluded from the sex-specific analysis but were included in the overall analysis.

# B. Clinical

The Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I results should be used in conjunction with other diagnostic information such as electrocardiogram (ECG), clinical observations and information, and patient symptoms to aid in the diagnosis of MI.

A multi-center prospective study was performed to assess diagnostic accuracy of the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay. Specimens were collected at 23 EDs from 6174 subjects presenting to the ED with chest discomfort or equivalent ischemic symptoms consistent with ACS. The specimen collection sites represented geographically diverse EDs associated with primary care hospitals and medical centers, reflecting regional, urban, and rural patient populations. All subject diagnoses were adjudicated by a panel of board-certified cardiologists based on the third universal definition of MI.\* The adjudicators were blinded to the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay results. The observed MI prevalence in this study was $7 . 0 \%$ .

891 specimens with serial sampling from 432 MI subjects (124 female subjects, 308 male subjects)   
8975 specimens with serial sampling from 5742 non-MI subjects (2128 female subjects, 3614 male subjects)

The specimens were collected in lithium heparin or lithium heparin separator tubes. The specimens were evaluated using the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I assay.

NOTE: The study population did not include type 4 or 5 MI subjects. Therefore, the ability of the assay to identify these patients was not evaluated.

The results were analyzed using the serial sampling time points collected as part of the ED visit.

An analysis for both females and males was performed using the sex-specific 99th percentile cutoffs (female $1 4 ~ \mathrm { { n g / L } }$ , male $3 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / L } }$ ). The results are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Cutoff (ng/L)</td><td rowspan="2">Time Pointa</td><td rowspan="2">nb</td><td colspan="2">Sensitivityc</td><td colspan="2">Specificityd</td><td colspan="2">PPVe</td><td colspan="2">NPVf</td></tr><tr><td>%</td><td>95% CI</td><td>%</td><td>95% CI</td><td>%</td><td>95% CI</td><td>%</td><td>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">14 (Female only)</td><td>0 to &lt; 1 Hour</td><td>1574</td><td>85.29 (87/102)</td><td>77.15 - 90.88</td><td>84.04 (1237/1472)</td><td>82.08 - 85.82</td><td>27.02 (87/322)</td><td>22.46 - 32.12</td><td>98.80 (1237/1252)</td><td>98.03- 99.27</td></tr><tr><td>1 to &lt; 3 Hours</td><td>841</td><td>93.62 (44/47)</td><td>82.84 - 97.81</td><td>85.64 (680/794)</td><td>83.03- 87.91</td><td>27.85 (44/158)</td><td>21.45 - 35.30</td><td>99.56 (680/683)</td><td>98.72 - 99.85</td></tr><tr><td>3 to &lt; 6 Hours</td><td>854</td><td>98.46 (64/65)</td><td>91.79 - 99.73</td><td>82.00 (647/789)</td><td>79.17 - 84.53</td><td>31.07 (64/206)</td><td>25.14 - 37.69</td><td>99.85 (647/648)</td><td>99.13 - 99.97</td></tr><tr><td>≥ 6 Hoursg, h</td><td>284</td><td>98.15 (53/54)</td><td>90.23 - 99.67</td><td>69.13 (159/230)</td><td>62.89 - 74.75</td><td>42.74 (53/124)</td><td>34.38 - 51.54</td><td>99.38 (159/160)</td><td>96.55 - 99.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">35 (Male only)</td><td>0 to &lt; 1 Hour</td><td>2917</td><td>72.20 (187/259)</td><td>66.45 - 77.30</td><td>88.98 (2365/2658)</td><td>87.73 - 90.11</td><td>38.96 (187/480)</td><td>34.70 - 43.39</td><td>97.05 (2365/2437)</td><td>96.30 - 97.65</td></tr><tr><td>1 to &lt; 3 Hours</td><td>1339</td><td>89.29 (75/84)</td><td>80.88 - 94.26</td><td>88.29 (1108/1255)</td><td>86.39- 89.95</td><td>33.78 (75/222)</td><td>27.88 - 40.23</td><td>99.19 (1108/1117)</td><td>98.48 - 99.58</td></tr><tr><td>3 to &lt; 6 Hours</td><td>1480</td><td>90.85 (139/153)</td><td>85.23 - 94.47</td><td>84.33 (1119/1327)</td><td>82.27 - 86.18</td><td>40.06 (139/347)</td><td>35.04 - 45.30</td><td>98.76 (1119/1133)</td><td>97.94 - 99.26</td></tr><tr><td>≥ 6 Hoursg, h</td><td>576</td><td>92.06 (116/126)</td><td>86.01 - 95.63</td><td>74.22 (334/450)</td><td>69.99 - 78.05</td><td>50.00 (116/232)</td><td>43.62 - 56.38</td><td>97.09 (334/344)</td><td>94.73 - 98.41</td></tr></table>

The results using the overall 99th percentile cutoff $( 2 7 { \mathrm { n g / L } } )$ are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="2">Sensitivityc</td><td colspan="2">Specificityd</td><td colspan="2">PPVe</td><td colspan="2">NPVf</td></tr><tr><td>Sex</td><td>Time Pointa</td><td>nb</td><td>%</td><td>95% CI</td><td>%</td><td>95% CI</td><td>%</td><td>95% CI</td><td>%</td><td>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td>Female</td><td>0 to &lt; 1 Hour</td><td>1574</td><td>78.43 (80/102)</td><td>69.50 - 85.30</td><td>89.95 (1324/1472)</td><td>88.30 - 91.38</td><td>35.09 (80/228)</td><td>29.19 - 41.48</td><td>98.37 (1324/1346)</td><td>97.54 - 98.92</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1 to &lt; 3 Hours</td><td>841</td><td>91.49 (43/47)</td><td>80.07 - 96.64</td><td>92.57 (735/794)</td><td>90.53 - 94.20</td><td>42.16 (43/102)</td><td>33.03 - 51.85</td><td>99.46 (735/739)</td><td>98.62 - 99.79</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>3 to &lt; 6 Hours</td><td>854</td><td>93.85 (61/65)</td><td>85.22 - 97.58</td><td>88.34 (697/789)</td><td>85.91 - 90.40</td><td>39.87 (61/153)</td><td>32.45 - 47.78</td><td>99.43 (697/701)</td><td>98.54 - 99.78</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>≥ 6 Hoursg, h</td><td>284</td><td>94.44 (51/54)</td><td>84.89 - 98.09</td><td>75.65 (174/230)</td><td>69.71 - 80.75</td><td>47.66 (51/107)</td><td>38.45 - 57.04</td><td>98.31 (174/177)</td><td>95.14 - 99.42</td></tr><tr><td>Male</td><td>0 to &lt; 1 Hour</td><td>2917</td><td>76.45 (198/259)</td><td>70.92 - 81.21</td><td>85.82 (2281/2658)</td><td>84.44 - 87.09</td><td>34.43 (198/575)</td><td>30.67 - 38.41</td><td>97.40 (2281/2342)</td><td>96.67 - 97.97</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1 to &lt; 3 Hours</td><td>1339</td><td>91.67 (77/84)</td><td>83.78 - 95.90</td><td>85.02 (1067/1255)</td><td>82.94 - 86.89</td><td>29.06 (77/265)</td><td>23.92 - 34.79</td><td>99.35 (1067/1074)</td><td>98.66 - 99.68</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>3 to &lt; 6 Hours</td><td>1480</td><td>93.46 (143/153)</td><td>88.39 - 96.41</td><td>80.71 (1071/1327)</td><td>78.50 - 82.74</td><td>35.84 (143/399)</td><td>31.29 - 40.66</td><td>99.07 (1071/1081)</td><td>98.31 - 99.50</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>≥ 6 Hoursg, h</td><td>576</td><td>94.44 (119/126)</td><td>88.98 - 97.28</td><td>66.44 (299/450)</td><td>61.96 - 70.65</td><td>44.07 (119/270)</td><td>38.28 - 50.04</td><td>97.71 (299/306)</td><td>95.35 - 98.89</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { C I } =$ confidence interval a All time points are relative to ED presentation / ED triage. b Some time points could not be collected for some subjects.

For footnotes c-f:   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I</td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>MI</td><td>Non-MI</td></tr><tr><td>cTnI Value &gt; cutpoint</td><td></td><td>A B</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>cTnI Value ≤ cutpoint</td><td>C</td><td>D</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Sensitivity = A/(A + C) × 100%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Specificity = D/(B + D) × 100%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Positive predictive value (PPV) = A/(A + B) × 100%</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Negative predictive value (NPV) = D/(C + D) × 100%</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>g</td><td>The study design followed the standard of care at each site where few specimens would be obtained at later time points because most patients would not typically require further serial cTnI testing after 6 hours.&quot;</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>h</td><td>Therefore, the lower specificity at the ≥ 6 hour time point was the result of the disproportionate number of elevated and non-elevated specimens carried over from previous time points. The cTnI value should be used in conjunction with information available from clinical evaluation and other diagnostic procedures.</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Of the specimens collected at greater than or equal to 6 hours, all were collected within 19 hours from</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>presentation to the ED, except for one specimen from a male collected at 35 hours.</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Prevalence of adjudicated MI in the study population was $7 . 0 \%$ ( $5 . 5 \%$ for females and $7 . 9 \%$ for males).

In the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I clinical study, the percent of false negatives for females using the sex-specific cutoff $\mathrm { ( 1 4 ~ n g / L ) }$ was up to $2 . 4 1 \%$ lower when compared to the false negative rate for females when using the overall cutoff of $2 7 { \mathrm { n g / L } }$ . When using the female cutoff of $1 4 ~ \mathrm { { n g / L } }$ , $5 . 6 5 \%$ of females with MI had non-elevated Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I test results. When using the overall cutoff of $2 7 { \mathrm { n g / L } }$ , $8 . 0 6 \%$ of females with MI had non-elevated Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I test results. Troponin results should always be used in conjunction with clinical data, signs, and symptoms.

In the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I clinical study, the percent of false negatives for males using the sex-specific cutoff $( 3 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / L } )$ was up to $1 . 6 3 \%$ higher when compared to the false negative rate for males when using the overall cutoff of $2 7 { \mathrm { n g / L } }$ . When using the male cutoff of $3 5 \mathrm { n g / L } , 8 . 1 2 \%$ of males with MI had non-elevated Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I test results. When using the overall cutoff of $2 7 { \mathrm { n g / L } }$ , $6 . 4 9 \%$ of males with MI had non-elevated Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I test results. Troponin results should always be used in conjunction with clinical data, signs, and symptoms.

When using the female cutoff of $1 4 ~ \mathrm { { n g / L } }$ , the lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ CI for the PPV was as low as $2 1 . 4 5 \%$ . Taking into consideration the lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ CI, up to $7 7 . 5 4 \%$ (at 0 to $< 1$ hour), $7 8 . 5 5 \%$ (at 1 to $< 3$ hours), $7 4 . 8 6 \%$ (at 3 to $< 6$ hours), and $6 5 . 6 2 \%$ ( $\mathrm { a t } \geq 6$ hours) of positive troponin results could come from females that are not having an MI. When using the overall cutoff of $2 7 { \mathrm { n g / L } }$ , the lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ CI for PPV was as low as $2 9 . 1 9 \%$ . Taking into consideration the lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ CI, up to $7 0 . 8 1 \%$ (at 0 to $< 1$ hour), $6 6 . 9 7 \%$ (at 1 to $< 3$ hours), $6 7 . 5 5 \%$ (at 3 to $< 6$ hours), and $6 1 . 5 5 \%$ (at $\geq 6$ hours) of positive troponin results could come from females that are not having an MI. Troponin results should always be used in conjunction with clinical data, signs, and symptoms.

When using the male cutoff of $3 5 \mathrm { n g / L }$ , the lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ CI for the PPV was as low as $2 7 . 8 8 \%$ . Taking into consideration the lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ CI, up to $6 5 . 3 0 \%$ (at 0 to $< 1$ hour), $7 2 . 1 2 \%$ (at 1 to $< 3$ hours), $6 4 . 9 6 \%$ (at 3 to $< 6$ hours), and $5 6 . 3 8 \%$ (at $\geq 6$ hours) of positive troponin results could come from males that are not having an MI. When using the overall cutoff of $2 7 { \mathrm { n g / L } }$ , the lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ CI for PPV was as low as $2 3 . 9 2 \%$ . Taking into consideration the lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ CI, up to $6 9 . 3 3 \%$ (at 0 to $< 1$ hour), $7 6 . 0 8 \%$ (at 1 to $< 3$ hours), $6 8 . 7 1 \%$ (at 3 to $< 6$ hours), and $6 1 . 7 2 \%$ ( $\mathrm { a t } \geq 6$ hours) of positive troponin results could come from males that are not having an MI. Troponin results should always be used in conjunction with clinical data, signs, and symptoms.

Troponin results should always be used in conjunction with clinical data, signs, and symptoms in accordance with the fourth universal definition of MI\* requiring acute myocardial injury with clinical evidence of acute myocardial ischemia, detection of a rise and/or fall of cardiac troponin (cTn) values, at least one value above the 99th percentile upper reference limit (URL), and at least one of the following: symptoms of myocardial ischemia, new ischemic ECG changes, development of pathological Q waves, imaging evidence of new loss of viable myocardium or new regional wall motion abnormality in a pattern consistent with an ischemic etiology, identification of a coronary thrombus by angiography.

There are conditions other than MI that are known to cause myocardial injury and elevated troponin values. The Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I clinical trial enrolled all patients presenting to the ED with symptoms consistent with ACS. Some of these patients had an acute or chronic condition other than MI.

A sex difference in 99th percentile has been reported. \*, †, ‡

In the clinical trial, $1 4 . 1 \%$ of patients without an MI diagnosis had at least one Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I test result above the sex-specific 99th percentile on one or more serial draws.

One or more of the following conditions were found in $9 4 . 2 \%$ of these patients:

<table><tr><td>Cardiac Conditions</td><td>Non-Cardiac Conditions</td></tr><tr><td>Atrial fibrillation</td><td>Cerebrovascular accidents and subarachnoid bleeds</td></tr><tr><td>Cardiotoxic drugs</td><td>Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease</td></tr><tr><td>Heart failure</td><td>Chronic renal insufficiency with or without hemodialysis</td></tr><tr><td>Hypertension</td><td>Cocaine user</td></tr><tr><td>Infiltrative cardiomyopathies</td><td>Diabetes mellitus</td></tr><tr><td>Left ventricular hypertrophy</td><td>Pulmonary embolism</td></tr><tr><td>Myocarditis</td><td>Rhabdomyolysis</td></tr><tr><td>Recent cardiac intervention and/or surgery</td><td>Sepsis</td></tr><tr><td>Recent MI</td><td>Vigorous exercise</td></tr></table>

The Area Under the Curve (AUC) results§ are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td>Sex</td><td>Time Pointa</td><td>nb</td><td>AUC</td><td>Standard Error</td><td>95% Wald CI</td></tr><tr><td>Female</td><td>0 to &lt; 1 Hour</td><td>1574</td><td>0.9257</td><td>0.0129</td><td>[0.9003, 0.9510]</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1 to &lt; 3 Hours</td><td>841</td><td>0.9582</td><td>0.0179</td><td>[0.9230, 0.9933]</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>3 to &lt; 6 Hours</td><td>854</td><td>0.9777</td><td>0.0056</td><td>[0.9666, , 0.9888]</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>≥ 6 Hours</td><td>284</td><td>0.9500</td><td>0.0148</td><td>[0.9210, 0.9790]</td></tr><tr><td>Male</td><td>0 to &lt; 1 Hour</td><td>2917</td><td>0.8994</td><td>0.0106</td><td>[0.8787, 0.9202]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td>1 to &lt; 3 Hours</td><td>1339</td><td>0.9455</td><td>0.0094</td><td>[0.9270, , 0.9640]</td></tr><tr><td>3 to &lt; 6 Hours</td><td>1480</td><td>0.9489</td><td>0.0094</td><td>[0.9306, 0.9673]</td></tr><tr><td>≥ 6 Hours</td><td>576</td><td>0.9243</td><td>0.0140</td><td>[0.8969, 0.9516]</td></tr></table>

a All time points are relative to ED presentation / ED triage. b Some time points could not be collected for some subjects.

# IX. Conclusion Drawn from Nonclinical Laboratory Studies and Clinical Performance

The results presented in this $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ demonstrate that the subject device (Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I) performance is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (ARCHITECT STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I, K191595).

The similarities and differences between the subject device and predicate device are presented in section VII.

There is no known potential adverse effect to the operator when using this in vitro device according to the Alinity i STAT High Sensitivity Troponin-I reagent package insert instructions.