# February 23, 2021

Anhui Hongyu Wuzhou Medical Manufacturer Co., Ltd. $\%$ Charles Mack   
Principal Engineer   
Irc   
2950 E Lindrick Drive   
Chandler, Arizona 85249

Re: K202188 Trade/Device Name: Safety Blood Collection Sets for Single Use Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA, FMI

Dear Charles Mack:

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending this letter to notify you of an administrative change related to your previous substantial equivalence (SE) determination letter dated February 19, 2021. Specifically, FDA is updating this SE Letter to include the secondary product code (FMI) as an administrative correction.

Please note that the 510(k) submission was not re-reviewed. For questions regarding this letter please contact Payal Patel, OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices, 240-402-6029, Payal.Patel@fda.hhs.gov.

Sincerely,   
James M. Simpson Jr -   
S7   
For Payal Patel   
Acting Assistant Director   
DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors   
OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# February 19, 2021

Anhui Hongyu Wuzhou Medical Manufacturer Co., Ltd. Charles Mack   
Principal Engineer   
Irc   
2950 E Lindrick Drive   
Chandler, Arizona 85249

Re: K202188 Trade/Device Name: Safety Blood Collection Sets for Single Use Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA Dated: January 8, 2021 Received: January 19, 2021

Dear Charles Mack:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).   
Sincerely,   
James M. Simpson Jr -   
S7   
For Payal Patel   
Acting Assistant Director   
DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors   
OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Safety Blood Collection Sets for Single Use

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Tureoioatinatve time to review instructions, search existing data sources,gather and aintain he dataneeded and coplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a colection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# K202188 510(k) SUMMARY

Preparation Date:

February 23, 2021

Manufacturer’s Name and Address:

Anhui Hongyu Wuzhou Medical   
Manufacturer Co., Ltd.   
No. 2 Guanyin Road, Economic   
Development Zone, Taihu, Anqing City, Anhui Province China246400   
Mr. Bingyi Xiang   
General Manager   
Tel: $+ 8 6 -$ 556 5129666   
Fax: $+ 8 6$ -556 4249999   
Email: birrell@hongyu-wuzhou.com, FDA Establishment Registration No.: 3012116434   
IRC USA   
2950 E Lindrick Dr., Chandler, Arizona 85249, USA   
Mr. Charles Mack   
PRINCIPAL ENGINEER   
Tel: 931-6254938   
Email: charliemack@irc-us.com   
931-625-4938

Corresponding Official:

Telephone Number:

Email Address:

charliemack@irc-us.com

Trade Name:

Safety Blood Collection Sets for SingleUse

Common Name(s):

Blood collection

Regulation Name(s):

Blood specimen collection device

Regulation Number(s):

21CFR862.1675

Product Code:

JKA (Primary) FMI (Secondary)

Device Class:

Class II

Predicate Device:

Innovative Medical Technologies, Inc. Improsafe Blood Collection Set K123987

# Device Description:

The Safety Blood Collection Sets for Single Use are used in routine venipuncture procedures. The winged needle is designed with a safety shield, which can be activated to cover the needle immediately the following venipuncture to aid in the protection against accidental needlestick injury. The Safety Blood Collect Sets is compatible for use with a tube and syringe. The product is to be used by appropriately trained healthcare professionals, only following the product instructions.

The Blood Collection needle is manufactured from tubular stainless steel sharpened at both ends that is attached to the hub.

The hub is threaded on one side to connect to the needle holder, which is used to guide the needle into an evacuated blood collection tube. This end of the needle is the shorter end and is fitted with a protective rubber cap and a needle holder. The opposite end of the needle is $3 / 4 "$ long for withdrawing blood and is fitted with a needle sheath.

The needle holder and needle sheath protect the needle.

The safety feature is operated through the release of a latch mechanism whereby the user slides a winged cover over the needle, as it is removed from the patient. Once the needle is covered, the safety cover locks in place. This mechanism is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

The proposed devices are packaged as sterile, single-use, and single patient use only.

The proposed device consists of ten components:

1. needle holder   
2. rubber sleeve   
3. puncture needle   
4. needle hub (male luer lock connector)   
5. connect base (female luer lock connector)   
6. flexing tube   
7. safety shield   
8. wings   
9. patient-end tube needle   
10. needle sheath

The subject device is classified as externally communicating devices, contact circulating blood for limited contact $( < 2 4 \ h )$ duration according to ISO10993-1 Fourth edition 2009-10-15 Annex A Table A.1-Evaluation   
tests for consideration.

# Intended Use / Indications for Use

The Safety Blood Collection Sets for Single Use and blood collection tube/syringe are used together for the collection of venous blood. The winged needle is designed with a safety shield which can be activated to cover the needle immediately following blood collection to aid in the protection against accidental needle stick injury.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discussion /Comment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Company</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anhui Hongyu Wuzhou MedicalManufacturer Co., Ltd.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Innovative Medical Technologies,Incorporated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA510(K) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K202188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K123987</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Safety Blood Collection Set for Single-Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Improsafe Blood Collection Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary product code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR862.1675, JKA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR862.1675, JKA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secondary product code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR880.5570, FMI</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Safety Blood Collection Set forSingle Use and blood collectiontube/syringe are used together for thecollection of venous blood. Thewinged needle is designed with asafety shield which can be activated tocover the needle immediatelyfollowing blood collection to aid in theprotection against accidental needlestick injury.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Improve Blood Collection Set andImprosafe Blood Collection Set arewinged blood collection needles withflexible tubing and a female luer adapterintended for venipuncture to obtainblood samples from patients. Somereorder numbers are provided with amale luer adapter. The male lueradapter contains a non-patient needleend for puncturing the stopper of anevacuated blood collection tube. Thosewithout a male luer adapter areprovided with a protective cap on theend of the female luer adapter.The Improsafe Blood Collection Set isprovided with an attached safety shieldfor covering the used needle prior todisposal. After withdrawal of the needlefrom the patient&#x27;s vein, the attachedsafety shield can be manually activatedto cover the needle immediately afteruse to minimize risk of accidentalneedle stick.The Improve Blood Collection Set andImprosafe Blood Collection Set is alsoindicated for short-term (up to 2 hours)intravenous administration of fluids andmay be used for any patient populationwith consideration given to patient size,appropriateness for the solution beinginfused and duration of therapy. Fordevices that include the male literadapter: after removing the attachedmale luer adapter from the bloodcollection set, connect the female lueradapter to a syringe or othercompatible/appropriate device.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The indications for use ofvenipuncture to obtain blood samplesfrom patients are the same betweenthe subject device and the predicatedevice.The predicate device can beprovided without a male luer adapter,where this is not available in thesubject devices.The predicate device is indicated forshort-term (up to 2 hours)intravenous administration of fluids,while subject device is not indicatedfor intravenous administration offluids.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discussion /Comment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Safe Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The needle is locked in a safetysheath by slide the safety shieldforward with pulling the tubingbackward until an audible click isheard.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The needle is wholly retracted andlocked by slide the safety shield forwardby pulling the tubing backward until anaudible click is heard.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Both devices have the sameoperation.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Needle sheath</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDPE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDPE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same material</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Needle tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SUS304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SUS304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same material</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Needle holder</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polypropylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The subject device is available with aneedle holder, while the predicate isnot.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Safety shield</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polypropylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polypropylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same material</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flexing tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PVC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same material</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rub sleeve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gather Isoprene Rubber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubber (Synthetic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Although the rub sleeve material isdifferent between subject device andthe predicate device, both conform tothe same ISO10993-1 standardsrequirement.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luer adapter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same Material</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lubricant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Silicone oil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Although the predicate device&#x27;slubricant material is unknown, bothconform to the same ISO10993-1standards requirement.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adhesive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epoxy Resin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Although the predicate device&#x27;sadhesive material is unknown, bothconform to the same ISO10993-1standards requirement.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colors of wing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Green</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Green</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same color, no difference.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colors of the safety shield</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Translucent blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Translucent yellow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The color of the safety shield isdifferent. The subject device istranslucent blue, while the predicatedevice is translucent yellow. Bothconform to the same iSO 10993-1standard.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Length</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot; x 12&quot;(needle length x tube length)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot; x 12&quot;(needle length x tube length)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No differences.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gauge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G, 23G, 25G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The predicate has two additionalsizes. There is no difference in the21G.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hub/Needle bondstrength</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complies with ISO7864:21G&gt;44N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complies with ISO7864:21G&gt;44N23G&gt;34N25G22N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Both comply with ISO7864.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biocompatibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complies with ISO10993-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complies with ISO10993-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>There is no difference, as bothcomply with ISO10993-1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complies withIS 9626 S 7864ISO 80369-7ISO 80369-20ISO 23908ISO 6009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complies withISO 9626ISO 7864ISO  594-1ISO 594-ISO 23908:2011ISO 10555-1ASTM F2132- Needle penetration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Both devices demonstratecompliance with ISO standardsshowing safe and effective use perthe Indications for use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sterilization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same sterilization method, nodifferences.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sterile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject and predicate are deliveredsterile.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject and predicate have the sameSAL.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Disposable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject and predicate aredisposable.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Patient Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject and predicate are for singlepatient use.</td></tr></table>

# Note 1:

Although the material of proposed and the predicate device is not available, the patient-contact material of the proposed device material conforms to the ISO 10993 series of standards the same as predicate device. Therefore, this difference will not affect the Substantial Equivalence (SE) between the proposed and predicate device.

# Note 2:

Both devices conform to the same performance standards.

# Performance Testing

Performance testing was provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination and to validate and verify that the safety blood collection sets for single use met all requirements of related international standards, including biocompatibility, sterility, and product specifications. The results of these tests demonstrate compliance with the requirements of the consensus standards noted below.

# Non-clinical Testing

# Performance Testing

- ISO 9626 Second edition 2016-08-01 Stainless steel needle tubing for the manufacture of medical devices - Requirements and test methods

- ISO 7864 Fourth edition 2016-08-01 Sterile hypodermic needles for single use - Requirements and test methods

- ISO 80369-7 First edition 2016-10-15 Small-bore connectors for liquids and gases in healthcare applications - Part 7: Connectors for intravascular or hypodermic applications

- ISO 80369-20 First edition 2015-05-15, small-bore connectors for liquids and gases in healthcare applications part 20: common test methods. (General I (QS/RM))

- ISO 23908 First edition 2011-06-11 Sharps injury protection - Requirements and test methods - Sharps protection features for single-use hypodermic needles, introducers for catheters and needles used for blood sampling

- ISO 6009 Fourth edition 2016-08-01 Hypodermic needles for single use - Color coding for identification

# Biocompatibility

The new device complies with the biocompatibility requirement defined in ISO10993-1. Patient contact classification: externally communicating devices, contact circulating blood for limited contact $( < 2 4 \ \mathsf { h } )$ duration. The verification test shows that the new devices comply with the biocompatibility requirement defined in ISO10993-1, the same as the predicate device.

In Vitro Cytotoxicity (ISO10993-5: 2009) Skin Sensitization (ISO10993-10: 2010)

Intracutaneous Reactivity Test (ISO10993-10: 2010)   
Acute Systemic toxicity (ISO10993-11:2006)   
Hemocompatibiltiy   
Pyrogenicity

All of the pre-determined acceptance criteria were met.

# Sterility Information

The devices are EO sterilized. The sterilization validation conducted according to the following standards:

ISO11135-1 Sterilization of health care products - ethylene oxide - part 1: requirements for the development, validation, and routine control of a sterilization process for medical devices.   
ISO11737-1 Sterilization of medical devices-Microbiological Methods-Part 1: Determination of the population of microorganisms on the product.   
ISO11737-2 Sterilization of medical devices -- Microbiological methods -- Part 2: Tests of sterility performed in the validation of a sterilization process. ISO 10993-7 Biological evaluation of medical devices - Part 7: Test of Ethylene Oxide Residuals.   
ANSI/AAMI ST72 Bacterial endotoxins - Test methods, routine monitoring, and alternatives to batch testing.

All of the pre-determined acceptance criteria were met.

# Package and Shelf Life:

We conducted the below package and shelf life verification test to support the shelf life claim according to the below standards:

AAMI/ANSI/ISO 11137-1:2006/(R) 2010 Sterilization of health care products - Radiation - Part 1: Requirements for development, validation, and routine control of a sterilization process for medical devices

AAMI/ANSI/ISO11737-2:2009 Sterilization of medical devices Microbiological methods - Part 2: Tests of sterility performed in the definition, validation, and maintenance of a sterilization process

AAMI/ANSI/ISO 11607-1:2006/(R) 2010 Packaging for terminally sterilized medical devices - Part 1: Requirements for materials, sterile barrier systems and packaging systems, 3ed.

ASTM F1929-98 (2004) Standard Test Method for Detecting Seal Leaks in Porous Medical Packaging by Dye Penetration

ASTM F1980-07 Standard Guide for Accelerated Aging of Sterile Barrier Systems for Medical Devices

ASTM D3078-02 (2008), Standard Test Method for Determination of Leaks in Flexible Packaging by Bubble Emission. (Sterility)

ASTM F88/F88M-09 Standard Test Method for Seal Strength of Flexible Barrier Materials

The tests were conducted as noted below:

Product Performance Inspection (Chemical performance and Physical   
performance)   
Sterile Test   
Vacuum Leak Test   
Dye penetration test   
Agar Contact-Attack Test   
Tensile Seal Strength Test   
Accelerated Aging Test

The test result supports the shelf life claim for the subject device from the sterilization date.

All of the pre-determined acceptance criteria were met.

# Clinical Test:

No clinical study is included in this submission.

# Conclusions:

The differences between the predicate and the subject device do not raise any new or different questions of safety or effectiveness. The Safety Blood Collection Sets for Single Use is substantially equivalent to the Innovative Medical Technologies, Inc. Improsafe Blood Collection Set cleared under K123987 with respect to the indications for use, target populations, treatment method, and technological characteristics.