Abbott Ireland Diagnostics Division   
Tracy Schmidt   
Senior Specialist Regulatory Affairs   
Lisnamuck, Longford   
Co. Longford, Ireland

Re: K203597 Trade/Device Name: Cholesterol2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1175 Regulation Name: Cholesterol (total) test system Regulatory Class: Class I, meets the limitation to the exemption 21 CFR 862.9(c)(4) Product Code: CHH Dated: March 25, 2022 Received: March 28, 2022

Dear Tracy Schmidt:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k203597

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Cholesterol2 assay is used for the quantitation of cholesterol in human serum or plasma on the ARCHITECT c System. The Cholesterol2 assay is to be used an an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

# I. 510(k) Number

k203597

# II. Applicant Name

Abbott Ireland Diagnostics Division Lisnamuck, Longford, Co. Longford, Ireland

Primary contact person for all communications:

Tracy Schmidt, Sr. Specialist, Regulatory Affairs   
Abbott Diagnostics Division   
Phone (224) 668-2833   
Fax (224) 668-0194

Secondary contact person for all communications:

Elizabeth Molina Campos, Project Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Abbott Diagnostics Division   
Phone (224) 667-0037   
Fax (224) 668-0194

# III. Device Name

Cholesterol2

# Reagents

Trade Name: Cholesterol2   
Device Classification: Class I, meets the limitation of exemption per 21 CFR §862.9(c)(4)   
Classification Name: Enzymatic esterase--oxidase, cholesterol   
Governing Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 1 7 5$   
Product Code: CHH

IV. Predicate Device Cholesterol (k981652)

V. Description of Device

# A. Principles of the Procedure

Cholesterol esters are enzymatically hydrolyzed by cholesterol esterase to cholesterol and free fatty acids. Free cholesterol, including that originally present, is then oxidized by cholesterol oxidase to cholest-4-ene-3-one and hydrogen peroxide. The hydrogen peroxide oxidatively couples with N,N-Bis(4-sulfobutyl)-3-methylaniline (TODB) and 4-aminoantipyrine to form a chromophore (quinoneimine dye) which is quantitated at $6 0 4 \mathrm { n m }$ .

Methodology: Enzymatic

# B. Reagents

The configurations of the Cholesterol2 reagent kits are described below.

Volumes (mL) listed in the following table indicate the volume per cartridge.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>List Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04S9220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04S9230</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per cartridge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of cartridges per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1 (R1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.6 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5 mL</td></tr></table>

Reagent 1: Active ingredients: cholesterol esterase $0 . 8 8 0 \mathrm { K U / L }$ , cholesterol oxidase (CONII-FD) $0 . 3 3 0 \mathrm { K U / L }$ , TODB $0 . 4 6 6 \ : \mathrm { g / L }$ , 4-aminoantipyrine $0 . 1 3 4 \ : \mathrm { g / L }$ and peroxidase (POD) $6 . 6 0 0 \mathrm { K U / L }$ . Preservative: sodium azide.

The Cholesterol2 reagent is certified to be traceable to the National Reference System for cholesterol, against the Abell-Kendall reference method in a CDC-Certified Cholesterol Reference Method Laboratory Network (CRMLN).

# VI. Intended Use of the Device

The Cholesterol2 assay is used for the quantitation of cholesterol in human serum or plasma on the ARCHITECT c System.

The Cholesterol2 assay is to be used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.

# VII. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The Cholesterol2 assay (subject device) is an automated clinical chemistry assay for the quantitation of cholesterol in human serum or plasma on the ARCHITECT c System.

The similarities and differences between the subject assay and the predicate device are presented in the following table.

Comparison of Subject Device Cholesterol2 to Predicate Device Cholesterol   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceCholesterol2 (List No. 04S92)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceCholesterol (k981652; List No. 7D62)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARCHITECT c8000 System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use andIndications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Cholesterol2 assay is used for thequantitation of cholesterol in humanserum or plasma on theARCHITECT c System.The Cholesterol2 assay is to be usedas an aid in the diagnosis andtreatment of disorders involvingexcess cholesterol in the blood andlipid and lipoprotein metabolismdisorders.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Cholesterol assay is used for thequantitation of cholesterol in humanserum or plasma.Cholesterol measurements are used inthe diagnosis and treatment of disordersinvolving excess cholesterol in theblood and lipid and lipoproteinmetabolism disorders.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzymatic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum or plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Principle/Principle ofProcedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol esters are enzymaticallyhydrolyzed by cholesterol esterase tocholesterol and free fatty acids. Freecholesterol, including that originallypresent, is then oxidized bycholesterol oxidase to cholest-4-ene-3-one and hydrogen peroxide. Thehydrogen peroxide oxidativelycouples with N,N-Bis(4-sulfobutyl)-3-methylaniline (TODB) and4-aminoantipyrine to form achromophore (quinoneimine dye)which is quantitated at 604 nm.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol esters are enzymaticallyhydrolyzed by cholesterol esterase tocholesterol and free fatty acids. Freecholesterol, including that originallypresent, is then oxidized by cholesteroloxidase to cholest-4-ene-3-one andhydrogen peroxide. The hydrogenperoxide combines withhydroxybenzoic acid (HBA) and4-aminoantipyrine to form achromophore (quinoneimine dye) whichis quantitated at 500 nm.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human cholesterol (Abell-Kendall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use of Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use of Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Measuring Interval (AMI):5748 mg/dLExtended Measuring Interval (EMI):7482992 mg/dLReportable Interval:22992 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMI: 7705 mg/dLEMI: 7052820 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samples with cholesterolconcentrations between 21 and718 mg/dL demonstrated standarddeviations ranging from 0.7 to6.9 mg/dL and % Coefficient ofVariation (%CV) values ranging from0.7 to 4.1%.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samples with cholesterol concentrationsbetween 129.2 and 261.4 mg/dLdemonstrated standard deviationsranging from 2.09 to 4.03 mg/dL and% Coefficient of Variation (%CV)values ranging from 1.5 to 1.6%.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lower Limits ofMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Blank: 0 mg/dLLimit of Detection: 2 mg/dLLimit of Quantitation: 5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Detection: 5.0 mg/dLLimit of Quantitation: 6.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum:- Serum tubes- Serum separator tubesPlasma:- Lithium heparin tubes- Lithium heparin separator tubes- Sodium heparin tubes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum:Glass or plastic serum tubes with orwithout gel barriersPlasma:Glass or plastic tubes- Lithium heparin tubes (with or withoutgel barrier)- Sodium heparin tubes</td></tr></table>

# VIII. Summary of Nonclinical Performance

All performance characteristics were obtained using the ARCHITECT c8000 System.

# A. Reportable Interval

Based on the limit of detection (LoD), limit of quantitation (LoQ), precision, and linearity, the ranges over which results can be reported are provided below according to the definitions from CLSI EP34, $1 ^ { \mathrm { s t } }$ ed.\*

<table><tr><td></td><td>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Measuring Interval (AMI)a</td><td>5748</td></tr><tr><td>Extended Measuring Interval (EMI)b</td><td>7482992</td></tr></table>

a AMI: The AMI extends from the LoQ to the upper limit of quantitation (ULoQ). This is determined by the range of values in $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ that demonstrated acceptable performance for linearity, imprecision, and bias.

b EMI: The EMI extends from the ULoQ to the ULoQ $\times$ sample dilution.

c The reportable interval extends from the LoD to the upper limit of the EMI.

NOTE: The default Low Linearity value of the assay file corresponds to the lower limit of the analytical measuring interval. Samples with cholesterol values below $5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ are reported as $\mathrm { \Omega ^ { \mathrm { \infty } } < 5 \ m g / d L ^ { \mathrm { \infty } } } ,$ .

# B. Within-Laboratory Precision

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.\* Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Cholesterol2 reagent, 3 lots of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, and 1 lot of commercially available controls and 3 instruments. Two controls and 3 human serum panels were tested in duplicate, twice per day on 20 days on 3 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations, where a unique reagent lot and a unique calibrator lot is paired with 1 instrument. The performance from a representative combination is shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="2">Within-Run (Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2">Within-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>n</td><td>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD (Rangeb)</td><td>%CV (Rangeb)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 1</td><td>80</td><td>251</td><td>1.9</td><td>0.7</td><td>2.6 (2.63.1)</td><td>1.0 (1.01.2)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 2</td><td>80</td><td>106</td><td>1.0</td><td>1.0</td><td>1.3 (1.31.7)</td><td>1.2 (1.21.6)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel A</td><td>80</td><td>21</td><td>0.6</td><td>3.0</td><td>0.8 (0.70.8)</td><td>4.0 (3.24.1)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel B</td><td>80</td><td>237</td><td>2.8</td><td>1.2</td><td>4.5 (3.74.9)</td><td>1.9 (1.52.0)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel C</td><td>80</td><td>718</td><td>6.4</td><td>0.9</td><td>6.6 (4.66.9)</td><td>0.9 (0.71.0)</td></tr></table>

a Includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variability. b Minimum and maximum SD or $\% \mathrm { C V }$ across all reagent lot and instrument combinations.

# C. Lower Limits of Measurement

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP17-A2.\* Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Cholesterol2 reagent on each of 2 instruments over a minimum of 3 days. The maximum observed limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD), and limit of quantitation (LoQ) values are summarized below.

<table><tr><td>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>LoBa 0</td></tr><tr><td>LoDb 2</td></tr><tr><td>LoQc 5</td></tr></table>

a The LoB represents the 95th percentile from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of zero-analyte samples. b The LoD represents the lowest concentration at which the analyte can be detected with $9 5 \%$ probability based on $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples. c The LoQ is defined as the lowest concentration at which a maximum allowable precision of $2 0 \% C \mathrm { V }$ was met and was determined from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples.

# D. Linearity

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP06-A.

The assay was demonstrated to be linear across the analytical measuring interval of 5 to $7 4 8 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# E. Potentially Interfering Endogenous and Exogenous Substances

Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed.\* Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $1 5 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $2 2 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ).

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ , based on $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td>7 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td>11 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin</td><td>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Total protein</td><td>15 g/dL</td></tr></table>

Interference beyond $\pm 1 0 \%$ (based on $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals [CI]) was observed at the concentrations shown below for the following substance.

<table><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td>Interferent Level</td><td>Analyte Level</td><td>% Interference (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td>40 mg/dL</td><td>150 mg/dL</td><td>-39% (-40%, -39%)</td></tr><tr><td>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td>40 mg/dL</td><td>220 mg/dL</td><td>-31% (-31%, -30%)</td></tr><tr><td>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td>16 mg/dL</td><td>150 mg/dL</td><td>-11% (-11%, -10%)</td></tr></table>

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ , based on $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td>Acetaminophen</td><td>160 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylcysteine</td><td>150 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td>30 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Aminoantipyrine</td><td>40 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Ampicillin-Na</td><td>80 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Ascorbic acid</td><td>55 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Biotin</td><td>4250 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Ca-dobesilate</td><td>60 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Cefotaxime</td><td>53 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Cefoxitin</td><td>6600 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Cyclosporine</td><td>2 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Desacetylcefotaxime</td><td>6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Dipyrone</td><td>100 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Dobutamine</td><td>0.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Doxycycline</td><td>20 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Ibuprofen</td><td>220 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Intralipid</td><td>1050 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Levodopa</td><td>8 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Methotrexate</td><td>140 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Metronidazole</td><td>130 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Methylaminoantipyrine</td><td>40 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Methyldopa</td><td>20 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>N-Acetyl-p-benzoquinone (NAPQI)</td><td>20 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Phenylbutazone</td><td>330 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Phenytoin</td><td>6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Rifampicin</td><td>50 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium heparin</td><td>4 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Sulpiride</td><td>15 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Theophylline (1,3-dimethylxanthine)</td><td>60 mg/L</td></tr></table>

Interference beyond $\pm 1 0 \%$ (based on $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals [CI]) was observed at the concentrations below for the following substance.

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Potentially Interfering Substance Interferent Level</td><td>Analyte Level</td><td>% Interference (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>Ascorbic acid</td><td>60 mg/L</td><td>150 mg/dL</td><td>-10% (-11%, -10%)</td></tr><tr><td>Intralipid</td><td>2000 mg/dL</td><td>150 mg/dL</td><td>-27% (-27%, -28%)</td></tr><tr><td>Intralipid</td><td>2000 mg/dL</td><td>220 mg/dL</td><td>-22% (-21%, -23%)</td></tr><tr><td>Methyldopa</td><td>30 mg/L</td><td>150 mg/dL</td><td>-14% (-14%, -13%)</td></tr></table>

# F. Method Comparison

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP09-A3\* using the Passing-Bablok regression method. The study compared the Cholesterol2 assay to the Cholesterol assay (List Number 7D62).

<table><tr><td colspan="7">Cholesterol2 vs. Cholesterol on the ARCHITECT c8000 System</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Units</td><td>n</td><td>Correlation Coefficient</td><td>Intercept</td><td>Slope</td><td>Concentration Range</td></tr><tr><td>Serum</td><td>mg/dL</td><td>138</td><td>1.00</td><td>0.41</td><td>0.98</td><td>7684</td></tr></table>

# G. Tube Type

A study was performed to evaluate the suitability of specific blood collection tube types for use with the Cholesterol2 assay. Samples were collected from a minimum of 40 donors and evaluated across tube types. The following blood collection tube types were determined to be acceptable for use with the Cholesterol2 assay:

Serum tubes Serum separator tubes Lithium heparin tubes Lithium heparin separator tubes Sodium heparin tubes

# H. Dilution Verification

A study was performed to evaluate the performance of the Cholesterol2 automated dilution protocol and the manual dilution procedure on the ARCHITECT c8000 System.

Eight human serum samples were created by spiking cholesterol stock solution into SeraSub (a synthetic serum) to target concentrations across the extended measuring interval (EMI) (805, 1000, 1250, 1500, 1800, 2000, 2500, and $2 8 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ) that were value assigned using the analytically validated method.

The automated dilution factor for the Cholesterol2 assay is 1:5.97.

The manual dilution factor of 1:4 was evaluated for the Cholesterol2 assay.

# I. Certificate of Traceability

The Cholesterol2 reagent is certified to be traceable to the National Reference System for Cholesterol, against the Abell-Kendall reference method in a CDC-Certified Cholesterol Reference Method Laboratory Network (CRMLN).

# IX. Summary of Clinical Performance

This section does not apply.

# X. Conclusion Drawn from Nonclinical Laboratory Studies

The results presented in this $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification demonstrate that the performance of the subject device, Cholesterol2 (List No. 04S92), is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Cholesterol (List No. 7D62, k981652).

The similarities and differences between the subject device and predicate device are presented in Section 5-VII.

There is no known potential adverse effect to the operator when using this in vitro device according to the Cholesterol2 reagent package insert instructions.