Abbott Ireland Diagnostics Division   
Tiffini Jenkins   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Lisnamuch   
Longford, Ireland

Re: K203771 Trade/Device Name: Urea Nitrogen2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1770 Regulation Name: Urea nitrogen test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CDQ Dated: February 28, 2022 Received: March 2, 2022

Dear Tiffini Jenkins:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D. Deputy Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health Food and Drug Administration

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k203771

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Section 5: 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# I. 510(k) Number

k203771

# II. Applicant Name

Abbott Ireland Diagnostics Division   
Lisnamuck, Longford,   
Longford, IE

Primary contact person for all communications:

Tiffini Jenkins, Regulatory Affairs Associate Director   
Abbott Diagnostics Division   
Phone (224) 668-8864   
Fax (224) 668-0194

Secondary contact person for all communications:

Magdalena Suszko, Regulatory Affairs Associate Director   
Abbott Diagnostics Division   
Phone (224) 667-9025   
Fax (224) 668-0194

Date Summary Prepared: May 24, 2022

# III. Device Name

Urea Nitrogen2

# Reagents

Trade Name: Urea Nitrogen2   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Name: Urease and Glutamic Dehydrogenase, Urea Nitrogen   
Governing Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1770   
Product Code: CDQ

# IV. Predicate Device

Urea Nitrogen (k981918)

V. Description of Device

# A. Principles of the Procedure

The Urea Nitrogen2 assay is an automated clinical chemistry assay. The Urea Nitrogen2 assay is a modification of a totally enzymatic procedure.\* The test is performed as a kinetic assay in which the initial rate of the reaction is linear for a limited period of time. Urea in the sample is hydrolyzed by urease to ammonia and carbon dioxide. The second reaction, catalyzed by glutamate dehydrogenase (GLDH), converts ammonia and $\mathfrak { a }$ -ketoglutarate to glutamate and water with the concurrent oxidation of reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NADH) to nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD). Two moles of NADH are oxidized for each mole of urea present. The initial rate of decrease in absorbance at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ is proportional to the urea concentration in the sample.

Methodology: Urease

# B. Reagents

The various kit configurations of the Urea Nitrogen2 reagent kit are described below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>List Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04T1220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04T1230</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per cartridge set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1450</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of cartridge sets per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5800</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1 (R1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.8 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.9 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 2 (R2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.1 mL</td></tr></table>

R1 Active ingredient: $\beta$ -NADH $( 1 . 9 1 5 \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { L } )$ . Preservative: sodium azide.

R2 Active ingredients: $\mathfrak { a }$ -ketoglutaric acid $( 1 3 . 1 4 9 \ : \mathrm { g / L } )$ , GLDH $( 6 0 . 0 0 0 \mathrm { K U / L } )$ , and urease $( 1 0 . 0 0 0 \mathrm { K U / L } )$ . Preservative: sodium azide.

# VI. Intended Use of the Device

The Urea Nitrogen2 assay is used for the quantitation of urea nitrogen in human serum, plasma, or urine on the ARCHITECT c System.

The Urea Nitrogen2 assay is to be used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of certain renal and metabolic diseases.

# VII. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The Urea Nitrogen2 assay (subject device) is an automated clinical chemistry assay for the quantitation of urea nitrogen in human serum, plasma, or urine on the ARCHITECT c System.

The similarities and differences between the subject assay and the predicate device are presented in the following table.

Comparison of Subject Device (Urea Nitrogen2) to Predicate Device (Urea Nitrogen)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceUrea Nitrogen2 (List No. 04T12)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceUrea Nitrogen (k981918;List No. 7D75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARCHITECT c System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Useand Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Urea Nitrogen2 assay is used forthe quantitation of urea nitrogen inhuman serum, plasma, or urine on theARCHITECT c System.The Urea Nitrogen2 assay is to be usedas an aid in the diagnosis andtreatment of certain renal andmetabolic diseases.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Urea Nitrogen assay is used forthe quantitation of urea nitrogen inhuman serum, plasma, or urine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum, plasma, urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle/ Principle ofProcedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Urea Nitrogen2 assay is anautomated clinical chemistry assay.The Urea Nitrogen2 assay is amodification of a totally enzymaticprocedure.‡ The test is performed as akinetic assay in which the initial rateof the reaction is linear for a limitedperiod of time. Urea in the sample ishydrolyzed by urease to ammonia andcarbon dioxide. The second reaction,catalyzed by glutamate dehydrogenase(GLDH), converts ammonia and α-ketoglutarate to glutamate and waterwith the concurrent oxidation ofreduced nicotinamide adeninedinucleotide (NADH) to nicotinamideadenine dinucleotide (NAD). Twomoles of NADH are oxidized for eachmole of urea present. The initial rate ofdecrease in absorbance at 340 nm isproportional to the urea concentrationin the sample.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Urea Nitrogen2 assay is amodification of a totally enzymaticprocedure first described by Talke andSchubert. ‡ The test is performed as akinetic assay in which the initial rateof the reaction is linear for a limitedperiod of time. Urea in the sample ishydrolyzed by urease to ammonia andcarbon dioxide. The second reaction,catalyzed by glutamate dehydrogenase(GLD) converts ammonia andα-ketoglutarate to glutamate and waterwith the concurrent oxidation ofreduced nicotinamide adeninedinucleotide (NADH) to nicotinamideadenine dinucleotide (NAD). Twomoles of NADH are oxidized for eachmole of urea present. The initial rateof decrease in absorbance at 340 nm isproportional to the urea concentrationin the sample.</td></tr></table>

Comparison of Subject Device (Urea Nitrogen2) to Predicate Device (Urea Nitrogen) (Continued)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceUrea Nitrogen2 (List No. 04T12)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceUrea Nitrogen (k981918; List No.7D75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST SRM 912b/Gravimetric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST SRM 912b/Differential ScanningCalorimetry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use ofCalibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use of Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum/Plasma:Analytical Measuring Interval:2  125 mg/dLExtended Measuring Interval:125 - 625 mg/dLReportable Interval:2  625 mg/dLUrine:Analytical Measuring Interval:16  1991 mg/dLReportable Interval: 11  1991 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea Nitrogen serum is linear from2 to 125 mg/dL.Urea Nitrogen urine is linear from2 to 1991 mg/dL.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum/Plasma:Samples with urea nitrogenconcentrations between 4 and102 mg/dL were evaluated. Thesamples demonstrated standarddeviations (SDs) ≤ 0.4 mg/dL and% Coefficient of Variation (%CV)≤ 2.7%.Urine:Samples with urea nitrogenconcentrations between 55 and1605 mg/dL were evaluated. Thesamples demonstrated SDs≤ 11.7 mg/dL and %CV ≤ 2.1%.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum/Plasma:Samples with urea nitrogenconcentrations between 15.5 and48.0 mg/dL demonstrated %CV valuesranging from 1.8 to 2.0%.Urine:Samples with urea nitrogenconcentrations between 504.8 and896.4 mg/dL demonstrated %CV valuesranging from 3.1 to 3.8%.</td></tr></table>

Comparison of Subject Device (Urea Nitrogen2) to Predicate Device (Urea Nitrogen) (Continued)   

<table><tr><td>Characteristics Lower Limits of</td><td>Subject Device Urea Nitrogen2 (List No. 04T12)</td><td>Predicate Device Urea Nitrogen (k981918; List No. 7D75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Measurement</td><td>Serum/Plasma: Limit of Blank: 1 mg/dL</td><td>Serum/Plasma:</td></tr><tr><td>Limit of Detection: 2 mg/dL</td><td>Limit of Detection: 0.7 mg/dL Limit of Quantitation: 1.4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Limit of Quantitation: 2 mg/dL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Urine:</td></tr><tr><td>Urine:</td><td>Limit of Detection: 15.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Limit of Blank: 6 mg/dL Limit of Detection: 11 mg/dL</td><td>Limit of Quantitation: 40.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Tube Types</td><td>Limit of Quantitation: 16 mg/dL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Serum:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>- Serum tubes</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>- Serum separator tubes</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Plasma:</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

# VIII. Summary of Nonclinical Performance

# A. Reportable Interval

Based on the limit of detection (LoD), limit of quantitation (LoQ), precision, and linearity, the ranges over which results can be reported are provided below according to the definitions from CLSI EP34, 1st ed. §

# Serum/Plasma

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalMeasuring Interval(AMI)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extended Measuring Interval(EMI)b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 -625</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 625</td></tr></table>

a AMI: The AMI extends from the LoQ to the upper limit of quantitation (ULoQ). This is determined by the range of values in $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ that demonstrated acceptable performance for linearity, imprecision, and bias. b EMI: The EMI extends from the ULoQ to the ULoQ $\times$ sample dilution. c The reportable interval extends from the LoD to the upper limit of the EMI.

Urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalMeasuring Interval(AMI)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 - 1991</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Intervalb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 - 1991</td></tr></table>

a AMI: The AMI extends from the LoQ to the upper limit of quantitation (ULoQ). This is determined by the range of values in $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ that demonstrated acceptable performance for linearity, imprecision, and bias. b The reportable interval extends from the LoD to the upper limit of the AMI.

# B. Within-Laboratory Precision

# Serum/Plasma

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3. \*\* Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Urea Nitrogen2 reagent, 3 lots of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, and 1 lot of commercially available controls and 3 instruments. Two controls and 3 human serum panels were tested in duplicate, twice per day on 20 days on 3 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations, where a unique reagent lot and a unique calibrator lot is paired with 1 instrument. The performance from a representative combination is shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(Rangeb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV(Rangeb)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4(0.2 -0.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4(1.6-2.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8(0.8 - 0.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7(1.6- 1.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2(0.0 - 0.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7(0.0 - 4.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PanelB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5(0.3 - 0.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1(1.4-2.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PanelC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9(1.2-2.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8(1.2-2.5)</td></tr></table>

a Includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variability. b Minimum and maximum SD or $\% \mathrm { C V }$ across all reagent lot and instrument combinations.

# Urine

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3. †† Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Urea Nitrogen2 reagent, 3 lots of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, and 1 lot of commercially available controls and 3 instruments. Two controls and 3 human urine panels were tested in duplicate, twice per day on 20 days on 3 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations, where a unique reagent lot and a unique calibrator lot is paired with 1 instrument. The performance from a representative combination is shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(Rangeb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV(Rangeb)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>447</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1(7.1 - 11.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6(1.6 - 2.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>729</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.4(11.2-15.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6(1.6-2.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7(2.7 - 5.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0(5.0 - 10.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PanelB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>715</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2(10.2 -15.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4(1.4-2.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PanelC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1605</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.6(22.6 -27.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4(1.4 - 1.8)</td></tr></table>

a Includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variability. b Minimum and maximum SD or $\% \mathrm { C V }$ across all reagent lot and instrument combinations.

# C. Accuracy

A study was performed to estimate the bias of the Urea Nitrogen2 assay relative to standard reference material (NIST SRM Standard 912b). Testing was conducted using 3 concentrations of standard across 3 lots of the Urea Nitrogen2 reagent, 2 lots of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, and 1 instrument. The bias ranged from $1 . 6 \%$ to $4 . 2 \%$ for serum, and from - $1 . 3 \%$ to $3 . 0 \%$ for urine.

# D. Lower Limits of Measurement

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP17-A2. ‡‡ Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Urea Nitrogen2 reagent on each of 2 instruments over a minimum of 3 days. The results of the study support limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD), and limit of quantitation (LoQ) values as summarized below.

Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoBa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoDb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr></table>

Urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoBa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoDb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr></table>

a The LoB represents the 95th percentile from $\mathbf { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of zero-analyte samples. b The LoD represents the lowest concentration at which the analyte can be detected with $9 5 \%$ probability based on $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples. c The LoQ is defined as the lowest concentration at which a maximum allowable precision of $2 0 \%$ CV was met and was determined from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples.

# E. Linearity

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP06-A. $\ S \ S$ This assay is linear across the analytical measuring interval of 2 to $1 2 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for serum, and 16 to $1 9 9 1 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for urine.

# F. Potentially Interfering Endogenous and Exogenous Substances

Serum/Plasma - Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed. \*\*\* Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $1 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $3 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ).

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin - conjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin - unconjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalProtein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Interference beyond $\pm 1 0 \%$ (based on $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals [CI]) was observed at the concentrations and analyte levels shown below for the following substance.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Interference(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalProtein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11%(9%, 14%)</td></tr></table>

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed. ††† Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $1 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $3 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ ).

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-methyl-(triazen-1-yl)imidazole-4-carboxamide (MTIC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-methylamino-antipyrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-amino-4-imidazolecarboxamide(AIC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin-Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4250 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca-dobesila te</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6287 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dipyrone (metamizole)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R ifa mpicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfapyridine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfa salazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temozolomide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/L</td></tr></table>

Interference beyon $\mathbf { d } \pm \mathbf { 1 0 \% }$ (based on $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals [CI]) was observed at the concentrations and analyte levels shown below for the following substance.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Interference(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6600 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%(6%, 14%)</td></tr></table>

Urine - Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed. ‡‡‡ Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $7 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $1 5 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ .

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

Urine - Potentially Interfering Exogenous Substances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed. $\ S \ S \ S$ Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $7 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $1 5 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ ).

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetic a cid (8.5N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25 mL/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4250 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrochloric a cid (6N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 mL/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitric acid (6N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mL/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium carbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium oxalate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# G. Method Comparison

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP09-A3\*\*\*\* using the Passing-Bablok regression method.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Urea Nitrogen2 vs Urea Nitrogen on the ARCHITECT c System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 - 123</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41-1754</td></tr></table>

# H. Tube Type

A study was performed to evaluate the suitability of specific blood collection tube types for use with Urea Nitrogen2 assay. Samples were collected from a minimum of 40 donors and evaluated across tube types. The following blood collection tube types were determined to be acceptable for use with the Urea Nitrogen2 assay:

# Serum

Serum tubes Serum separator tubes

# Plasma

Lithium heparin tubes • Lithium heparin separator tubes c Sodium heparin tubes

# I. Dilution Verification

A study was performed to evaluate the performance of the Urea Nitrogen2 automated dilution protocol relative to the manual dilution procedure on the ARCHITECT c System. Five human serum samples were created by spiking urea stock solution into Serasub (a synthetic serum) to target concentration values of 150, 214, 278, 342, and $4 0 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . Each sample was divided into multiple aliquots. An aliquot of each sample was tested using the 1:5 automated dilution protocol on the ARCHITECT c System. The additional aliquots were divided such that 2 technicians each prepared 3 manual dilutions (1:5 dilution) of each sample using saline. Each sample preparation from a given technician was tested in a separate run.

The samples were tested in replicates of 5 using 1 lot each of reagents, calibrators, and controls on 2 instruments. The $\%$ difference values for the automated dilution protocol versus the manual dilution procedure ranged from $- 2 . 8 \%$ to $- 1 . 3 \%$ and therefore, demonstrated acceptable performance.

# IX. Summary of Clinical Performance

This section does not apply.

# X. Conclusion Drawn from Nonclinical Laboratory Studies

The similarities and differences between the subject device and predicate device are presented in Section 5-VII.

There is no known potential adverse effect to the operator when using this in vitro device according to the Urea Nitrogen2 reagent package insert instructions.