May 26, 2022

Magdalena Suszko   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Lisnarnuck   
Longford,   
Ireland

Re: K210633 Trade/Device Name: Amylase2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1070 Regulation Name: Amylase Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JFJ Dated: March 29, 2022 Received: March 29, 2022

Dear Magdalena Suszko:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D. Deputy Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K210633

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Section 5: 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# I. 510(k) Number

k210633

# II. Applicant Name

Abbott Ireland Diagnostics Division   
Lisnamuck, Longford   
Longford, IE

Primary contact person for all communications:

Magdalena Suszko, Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Abbott Diagnostics Division   
Phone (224) 667-9025   
Fax (224) 667-4836

Secondary contact person for all communications:

Elizabeth Molina Campos, Regulatory Affairs Project Manager   
Abbott Diagnostics Division   
Phone (224) 667-0037   
Fax (224) 667-4836

Date Summary Prepared: March 28, 2022

# III. Device Name

Amylase2

Reagents

Trade Name: Amylase2   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Name: Amylase test system   
Governing Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1070   
Product Code: JFJ

# IV. Predicate Device

AMY (k981653)

V. Description of Device

# Principles of the Procedure

The Amylase2 assay is an automated clinical chemistry assay. The Amylase2 assay is a two-part reaction. Ethylidene-4-NP-G7 (EPS) is hydrolyzed by ${ \bf { d } }$ -amylase to form 4,6- ethylidene- $\mathbf { \nabla } \cdot \mathbf { a } .$ -(1,4)-D-glucopyranosyl-Gx and 4-nitrophenyl- $\mathbf { \nabla } \cdot \mathbf { a } \mathbf { \cdot }$ -(1,4)-glucopyranosyl-G(7-x). The 4-nitrophenyl- ${ \bf { d } }$ -(1,4)-glucopyranosyl- $\mathbf { G } ( 7 - \mathbf { x } )$ is then hydrolyzed into glucose monomers and the assay chromophore (4-nitrophenol) by ${ \bf { d } }$ -glucosidase. The resulting change in absorbance at $4 0 4 \mathrm { n m }$ is proportional to the $\mathfrak { a }$ -amylase concentration in the sample.

Methodology: Enzymatic/Colorimetric

# Reagents

The configuration of the Amylase2 reagent kit is described below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>List Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04S8920</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per cartridge set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of cartridge sets per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>640</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1 (R1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1 (R2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.4 mL</td></tr></table>

Reagent 1 Active ingredient: ${ \bf { d } } \cdot { \bf { \Lambda } }$ -glucosidase $1 6 . 0 0 0 \mathrm { K U / L }$ . Preservative: sodium azide.

Reagent 2 Active ingredient: Ethylidene-4-NP-G7 (EPS) $6 . 5 0 1 \ \mathrm { g / L }$ . Preservative: sodium azide.

# VI. Intended Use of the Device

The Amylase2 assay is used for the quantitation of amylase in human serum, plasma, or urine on the ARCHITECT c System.

The Amylase2 assay is to be used primarily as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of pancreatitis (inflammation of the pancreas).

# VII. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The Amylase2 assay (subject device) is an automated clinical chemistry assay for the quantitation of amylase in human serum, plasma, or urine on the ARCHITECT c System.

The similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate device are presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison of Subject Device (Amylase2) to Predicate Device (AMY)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceAmylase2 (List No. 04S89)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceAMY (k981653; List No. 7D58)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARCHITECT c System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use andIndications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Amylase2 assay is used for thequantitation of amylase in human serum,plasma, or urine on the ARCHITECT cSystem.The Amylase2 assay is to be usedprimarily as an aid in the diagnosis andtreatment of pancreatitis (inflammationof the pancreas).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Amylase assay is used for thequantitation of amylase in humanserum, plasma, or urine.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzymatic/Colorimetric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same(2-chloro-4-nitrophenyl-α-D-maltotrioside [CNPG3] Substrate)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum, plasma, urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Principle /Principle ofProcedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Amylase2 assay is a two-partreaction. Ethylidene-4-NP-G7 (EPS) ishydrolyzed by α-amylase to form 4,6-ethylidene-α-(1,4)-D-glucopyranosyl-Gx and 4-nitrophenyl-α-(1,4)-glucopyranosyl-G(7-x). The 4-nitrophenyl-α-(1,4)-glucopyranosyl-G(7-x) is then hydrolyzed into glucosemonomers and the assay chromophore(4-nitrophenol) by α-glucosidase. Theresulting change in absorbance at 404nm is proportional to the α-amylaseconcentration in the sample.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Amylase hydrolyzes the 2-chloro-4-nitrophenyl-α-D-maltotrioside(CNPG3) to release 2-chloro-4-nitrophenol (CPNP) and form2-chloro-4-nitrophenyl-α-D-maltoside(CNPG2), maltotriose, and glucose.The rate of formation of the 2-chloro-4-nitrophenol can be detectedspectrophotometrically at 404 nm togive a direct measurement of α-amylaseactivity in the sample.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IRMM/IFCC*-456</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Molar extinction coefficient of CNP(non-IFCC method)IFCC† reference method 2006‡</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use ofCalibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration and Calibration Factormethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factor method</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use of Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Comparison of Subject Device (Amylase2) to Predicate Device (AMY) (Continued)</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Subject Device Amylase2 (List No. 04S89)</td><td>Predicate Device AMY (k981653; List No. 7D58)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Assay Range</td><td>Serum/Plasma: Analytical Measuring Interval: 33010 U/L</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Extended Measuring Interval:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>30105959 U/L Reportable Interval:</td><td>Serum/Plasma/Urine:</td></tr><tr><td>25959 U/L</td><td>Analytical Measuring Interval: 33010 U/L</td></tr><tr><td>Urine: Analytical Measuring Interval: 3-3010 U/L</td><td>Flex Rate Linearity: 6554 U/L</td></tr><tr><td>Extended Measuring Interval: 3010-8600 U/L</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Precision</td><td>Reportable Interval:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>1-8600 U/L Serum/Plasma:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Samples with amylase concentrations between 4 and 2629 U/L were</td><td>Serum/Plasma: Samples with amylase concentrations between 46.9 and 476.4 U/L</td></tr><tr><td>evaluated. The samples demonstrated % coefficients of variation (%CV) ≤ 2.2% and standard deviations (SD) ≤ 0.5 U/L.</td><td>demonstrated %CV values ranging from 2.1% to 3.7%.</td></tr><tr><td>Urine:</td><td>Urine: Samples with amylase concentrations</td></tr><tr><td>Samples with amylase concentrations between 6 and 2625 U/L were evaluated. The samples demonstrated %CV ≤ 2.9% and SD ≤ 0.5 U/L.</td><td>between 40.9 and 179.0 U/L demonstrated %CV values ranging from 1.3% to 2.0%.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Lower Limits of Measurement</td><td>Serum/Plasma: Limit of Blank: 0 U/L Limit of Detection: 2 U/L</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Limit of Quantitation: 2 U/L</td><td>Serum/Plasma/Urine: Limit of Detection: 2.0 U/L</td></tr><tr><td>Urine: Limit of Blank: 0 U/L Limit of Detection: 1 U/L</td><td>Limit of Quantitation: 2.4 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Tube Types</td><td>Serum:</td><td>Serum:</td></tr><tr><td>- Serum tubes</td><td>- Glass or plastic tubes with or without</td></tr><tr><td>- Serum separator tubes</td><td>gel barrier</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Plasma:</td></tr><tr><td>Plasma: - Lithium heparin tubes</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>- Lithium heparin separator tubes</td><td>- Glass or plastic lithium heparin tubes with or without gel barrier</td></tr></table>

# VIII. Summary of Nonclinical Performance

# Reportable Interval

Based on the limit of detection (LoD), limit of quantitation (LoQ), precision, and linearity, the ranges over which results can be reported are provided below according to the definitions from CLSI EP34, $1 ^ { \mathrm { s t } }$ ed.\*

# Serum/Plasma

<table><tr><td></td><td>U/L</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Measuring Interval (AMI)a</td><td>33010</td></tr><tr><td>Extended Measuring Interval (EMI)b</td><td>30105959</td></tr><tr><td>Reportable Intervalc</td><td>25959</td></tr></table>

a AMI: The AMI is determined by the range of values in $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { L }$ that demonstrated acceptable performance for linearity, imprecision, and bias. b EMI: The EMI extends from the ULoQ to the $\mathrm { U L o Q } \times$ dilution factor. c The reportable interval extends from the LoD to the upper limit of the EMI.

Urine   

<table><tr><td></td><td>U/L</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Measuring Interval (AMI)a</td><td>33010</td></tr><tr><td>Extended Measuring Interval (EMI)b</td><td>30108600</td></tr><tr><td>Reportable Intervalc</td><td>18600</td></tr></table>

a AMI: The is determined by the range of values in U/L that demonstrated acceptable performance for linearity, imprecision, and bias. b EMI: The EMI extends from the ULoQ to the $\mathrm { U L o Q } \times$ dilution factor. c The reportable interval extends from the LoD to the upper limit of the EMI.

# Within-Laboratory Precision

Within-Laboratory Precision - Serum/Plasma

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.\* Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Amylase2 reagent, 3 lots of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, 1 lot of commercially available controls, and 3 instruments. Two controls and 3 serum panels were tested in duplicate, twice per day on 20 days on 3 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations, where a unique reagent lot and a unique calibrator lot is paired with 1 instrument. The performance from a representative combination is shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample n</td><td rowspan="2">Mean (U/L)</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Within-Run (Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2">Within-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD (Rangeb)</td><td>%CV (Rangeb)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 1</td><td>80</td><td>77</td><td>0.5</td><td>0.6</td><td>1.5 (1.31.5)</td><td>2.0 (1.72.0)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 2</td><td>80</td><td>413</td><td>3.3</td><td>0.8</td><td>6.7 (6.56.7)</td><td>1.6 (1.61.6)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel A</td><td>80</td><td>4</td><td>0.3</td><td>7.4</td><td>0.5 (0.30.5)</td><td>11.0 (6.711.0)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel B</td><td>80</td><td>162</td><td>0.8</td><td>0.5</td><td>3.3 (3.23.5)</td><td>2.1 (2.02.2)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel C</td><td>80</td><td>2629</td><td>14.8</td><td>0.6</td><td>51.6 (51.654.5)</td><td>2.0 (2.02.1)</td></tr></table>

a Includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variability. b Minimum and maximum SD or $\% \mathrm { C V }$ across all reagent lot and instrument combinations.

# Within-Laboratory Precision - Urine

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.\* Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Amylase2 reagent, 3 lots of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, 1 lot of commercially available controls, and 3 instruments. Two controls and 5 human urine panels were tested in duplicate, twice per day on 20 days on 3 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations, where a unique reagent lot and a unique calibrator lot is paired with 1 instrument. The performance from a representative combination is shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="2">Within-Run (Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2">Within-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>n</td><td>Mean (U/L)</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD (Rangeb)</td><td>%CV (Rangeb)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 1</td><td>80</td><td>55</td><td>0.4</td><td>0.8</td><td>0.5 (0.50.6)</td><td>1.0 (1.01.1)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 2</td><td>80</td><td>180</td><td>0.8</td><td>0.4</td><td>1.3 (1.31.9)</td><td>0.7 (0.71.1)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel A</td><td>80</td><td>6</td><td>0.3</td><td>5.4</td><td>0.5 (0.30.5)</td><td>7.9 (5.08.8)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel B</td><td>80</td><td>18</td><td>0.4</td><td>2.1</td><td>0.4 (0.30.5)</td><td>2.4 (1.42.9)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel C</td><td>80</td><td>538</td><td>2.7</td><td>0.5</td><td>5.3 (5.36.8)</td><td>1.0 (1.01.3)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel D</td><td>80</td><td>1891</td><td>10.2</td><td>0.5</td><td>20.4 (20.423.7)</td><td>1.1 (1.1-1.2)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel E</td><td>80</td><td>2625</td><td>12.2</td><td>0.5</td><td>20.3 (19.620.3)</td><td>0.8 (0.70.8)</td></tr></table>

a Includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variability. b Minimum and maximum SD or $\% \mathrm { C V }$ across all reagent lot and instrument combinations.

# System Reproducibility - Serum/Plasma

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.\* Testing was conducted using 1 lot of the Amylase2 reagent, 1 lot of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, 1 lot of commercially available controls, and 3 instruments. Each instrument was operated by a different technician, and each technician prepared an individual sample set. Five controls were tested in a minimum of 3 replicates at 2 separate times per day on 5 different days.

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2">Mean (U/L)</td><td colspan="2">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2">Within-Laboratorya</td><td colspan="2">Reproducibilityb</td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>n</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 1</td><td>90</td><td>74</td><td>0.4</td><td>0.6</td><td>0.6</td><td>0.8</td><td>0.6</td><td>0.9</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 2</td><td>90</td><td>416</td><td>2.5</td><td>0.6</td><td>3.0</td><td>0.7</td><td>3.1</td><td>0.7</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level A</td><td>90</td><td>37</td><td>0.4</td><td>1.0</td><td>0.5</td><td>1.3</td><td>0.6</td><td>1.6</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level B</td><td>90</td><td>113</td><td>0.8</td><td>0.7</td><td>0.8</td><td>0.7</td><td>0.9</td><td>0.8</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level C</td><td>90</td><td>351</td><td>1.2</td><td>0.4</td><td>1.3</td><td>0.4</td><td>1.6</td><td>0.4</td></tr></table>

a Includes repeatability (within-run), between-run, and between-day variability. b Includes repeatability (within-run), between-run, between-day, and between-instr

# System Reproducibility - Urine

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.\* Testing was conducted using 1 lot of the Amylase2 reagent, 1 lot of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, 1 lot of commercially available controls, and 3 instruments. Each instrument was operated by a different technician, and each technician prepared an individual sample set. Four controls were tested in a minimum of 3 replicates at 2 separate times per day on 5 different days.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample</td><td rowspan="2">n</td><td rowspan="2">Mean (U/L)</td><td colspan="2">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2">Within-Laboratorya</td><td colspan="2">Reproducibilityb</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 1</td><td>90</td><td>54</td><td>0.5</td><td>1.0</td><td>0.5</td><td>1.0</td><td>0.6</td><td>1.1</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 2</td><td>90</td><td>171</td><td>1.2</td><td>0.7</td><td>1.2</td><td>0.7</td><td>1.6</td><td>0.9</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level A</td><td>90</td><td>66</td><td>0.4</td><td>0.7</td><td>0.5</td><td>0.8</td><td>0.9</td><td>1.3</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level B</td><td>90</td><td>232</td><td>1.6</td><td>0.7</td><td>2.2</td><td>1.0</td><td>2.4</td><td>1.0</td></tr></table>

a Includes repeatability (within-run), between-run, and between-day variability. b Includes repeatability (within-run), between-run, between-day, and between-instrument variability.

# Accuracy

A study was performed to estimate the bias of the Amylase2 assay relative to material standardized to the Certified Reference Material IRMM/IFCC-456.

Calibration method

Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Amylase2 reagent, 2 lots of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, and 1 instrument. The bias was within $\pm 2 . 4 \%$ .

# Calibration Factor method

Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Amylase2 reagent and 1 instrument. The bias was within $\pm \ 3 . 1 \%$ .

# Lower Limits of Measurement

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP17-A2.\* Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Amylase2 reagent kit on each of 2 instruments over a minimum of 3 days. The maximum observed limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD), and limit of quantitation (LoQ) values are summarized below.

# Serum/Plasma

Urine   

<table><tr><td>U/L</td></tr><tr><td>LoBa 0</td></tr><tr><td>LoDb 2</td></tr><tr><td>LoQc 2</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>U/L</td></tr><tr><td>LoBa 0</td></tr><tr><td>LoDb 1</td></tr><tr><td>LoQc 3</td></tr></table>

a The LoB represents the 95th percentile from $\mathbf { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of zero-analyte samples. b The LoD represents the lowest concentration at which the analyte can be detected with $9 5 \%$ probability based on $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples. c The LoQ is defined as the lowest concentration at which a maximum allowable precision of $20 \%$ CV was met and was determined from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples.

# Linearity

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP06-A.† This assay demonstrated linearity across the analytical measuring interval of 3 to $3 0 1 0 \mathrm { U / L }$ for both serum and urine applications.

# Potentially Interfering Endogenous and Exogenous Substances

# Serum/Plasma

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed.\* Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $5 0 \mathrm { U / L }$ and $2 0 0 \mathrm { U / L }$ ).

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin - conjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin - unconjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Potentially Interfering Exogenous Substances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin-Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4250 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca-dobesilate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefotaxime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6600 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/L</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Icodextrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pancreozymin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/L</td></tr></table>

# Urine

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed.\* Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $4 5 0 \mathrm { U / L }$ and $1 4 0 0 \mathrm { U / L }$ ).

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

# Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Interference beyond $\pm 1 0 \%$ [based on $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval (CI)] was observed at

the concentrations shown below for the following substances.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Interference(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450 U/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-21% (-21%, -20%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1400 U/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-18% (-19%, -17%)</td></tr></table>

# Potentially Interfering Exogenous Substances

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4250 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium carbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium oxalate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP09-A3\* using the Passing-Bablok regression method. The study compared the Amylase2 assay to the Amylase assay (List Number 7D58).

<table><tr><td colspan="7">Amylase2 vs Amylase on the ARCHITECT c System</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>Correlation Coefficient</td><td>Intercept</td><td></td><td>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Serum</td><td>n 124</td><td>Units U/L</td><td>1.00</td><td>-1</td><td>Slope 0.98</td><td>Range 62788</td></tr><tr><td>Urine</td><td>103</td><td>U/L</td><td>1.00</td><td>-1</td><td>0.93</td><td>42916</td></tr></table>

# Tube Type

A study was performed to evaluate the suitability of specific blood collection tube types for use with the Amylase2 assay. Samples were collected from a minimum of 40 donors and evaluated across tube types. The following blood collection tube types were determined to be acceptable for use with the Amylase2 assay:

# Serum

Serum tubes • Serum separator tubes

# Plasma

Lithium heparin tubes • Lithium heparin separator tubes • Sodium heparin tubes

# Dilution Verification

# Serum/Plasma

A study was performed to evaluate the performance of the Amylase2 automated dilution protocol relative to the manual dilution procedure on the ARCHITECT c System. Five human serum samples were created by spiking ${ \mathfrak { a } } { }$ -amylase from porcine pancreas stock solution into a serum pool to target concentration values of 3800, 4500, 5200, 5900, and $6 6 0 0 \mathrm { U } / \mathrm { L }$ . Each sample was divided into multiple aliquots. An aliquot of each sample was tested using the 1:2 automated dilution protocol on the ARCHITECT c System. The additional aliquots were divided such that 2 technicians prepared 3 manual dilutions (1:2 dilution with saline) of each sample. Each sample preparation from a given technician was tested in a separate run.

The samples were tested in replicates of 5 using 1 lot each of reagents, calibrators, and controls on the ARCHITECT c System. The difference values of - $0 . 1 \%$ to $0 . 2 \%$ of the Amylase2 automated dilution protocol relative to the manual dilution procedure demonstrated acceptable performance.

Urine

A study was performed to evaluate the performance of the Amylase2 automated dilution protocol relative to the manual dilution procedure on the ARCHITECT c System. Five urine samples were created by spiking α-amylase from porcine pancreas stock solution into a urine pool to target concentration values of 3800, 4500, 5200, 5900, and $6 6 0 0 \mathrm { U / L }$ . Each sample was divided into multiple aliquots. An aliquot of each sample was tested using the 1:3 automated dilution protocol on the ARCHITECT c System. The additional aliquots were divided such that 2 technicians prepared 3 manual dilutions (1:3 dilution with saline) of each sample. Each sample preparation from a given technician was tested in a separate run.

The samples were tested in replicates of 5 using 1 lot each of reagents, calibrators, and controls on the ARCHITECT c System. The difference values of - $- 3 . 0 \%$ to $- 1 . 9 \%$ of the Amylase2 automated dilution protocol relative to the manual dilution procedure demonstrated acceptable performance.

# IX. Summary of Clinical Performance

This section does not apply.

# X. Conclusion Drawn from Nonclinical Laboratory Studies

The similarities and differences between the subject device and predicate device are presented in Section 5-VII. The results presented in this $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ provide reasonable assurance that the subject device Amylase2 is safe and effective for the stated intended use. Any differences between the subject device and the predicate device shown in the tables do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

There is no known potential adverse effect to the operator when using this in vitro device according to the Amylase2 reagent package insert instructions.