Abbott Ireland Diagnostics Division   
Magdalena Suszko   
Associate Director Regulatory Affairs   
Lisnamuck, Longford   
Ireland

Re: K210452 Trade/Device Name: Creatinine2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1225 Regulation Name: Creatinine Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CGX Dated: December 6, 2021 Received: December 8, 2021

Dear Magdalena Suszko:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) k210452</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name Creatinine2</td></tr></table>

The Creatinine2 assay is used for the quantitation of creatinine in human serum, plasma, or urine on the ARCHITECT c System.

The Creatinine2 assay is to be used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases, in monitoring renal dialysis, and as a calculation basis for measuring other urine analytes.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhS.(JOV

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

# Section 5: 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# I. 510(k) Number

k210452

# II. Applicant Name

Abbott Ireland Diagnostics Division   
Lisnamuck, Longford   
Longford, IE

Primary contact person for all communications:

Magdalena Suszko, Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Abbott Diagnostics Division   
Phone (224) 667-9025   
Fax (224) 667-4836

Secondary contact person for all communications:

Suzanne Cheang, Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Abbott Diagnostics Division   
Phone (972) 518-6617   
Fax (972) 518-7498

Date Summary Prepared: December 6, 2021

# III. Device Name

# Creatinine2

# Reagents

Trade Name: Creatinine2   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Name: Creatinine test system   
Governing Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1225   
Product Code: CGX

# IV. Predicate Device

Creatinine (k083809)

V. Description of Device

# A. Principles of the Procedure

The Creatinine2 assay is an automated clinical chemistry assay. At an alkaline pH, creatinine in the sample reacts with picric acid to form a creatinine-picrate complex that absorbs at $5 0 0 \mathrm { n m }$ . The rate of increase in absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of creatinine in the sample.

Methodology: Kinetic Alkaline Picrate

# B. Reagents

The configuration of the Creatinine2 reagent kit is described below.

Reagent 2 Active ingredient: picric acid $5 . 5 0 0 \ \mathrm { g / L }$ .   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>List Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04S9520</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per cartridge set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of cartridge sets per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1 (R1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.9 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 2 (R2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.4 mL</td></tr></table>

# VI. Intended Use of the Device

The Creatinine2 assay is used for the quantitation of creatinine in human serum, plasma, or urine on the ARCHITECT c System.

The Creatinine2 assay is to be used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases, in monitoring renal dialysis, and as a calculation basis for measuring other urine analytes.

# VII. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The Creatinine2 assay (subject device) is an automated clinical chemistry assay for the quantitation of creatinine in human serum, plasma, or urine on the ARCHITECT c System.

The similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate device are presented in the following table.

Comparison of Subject Device (Creatinine2) to Predicate Device (Creatinine)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceCreatinine2 (List No. 04S95)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceCreatinine (k083809; List No.3L81)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARCHITECT c System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use andIndications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Creatinine2 assay is used for thequantitation of creatinine in humanserum, plasma, or urine on theARCHITECTc System.The Creatinine2 assay is to be used as anaid in the diagnosis and treatment ofrenal diseases, in monitoring renaldialysis, and as a calculation basis formeasuring other urine analytes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Creatinine assay is used for thequantitation of creatinine in humanserum, plasma, or urine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kinetic Alkaline Picrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum, plasma, urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle /Principle ofProcedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Creatinine2 assay is an automatedclinical chemistry assay. At an alkalinepH, creatinine in the sample reacts withpicric acid to form a creatinine-picratecomplex that absorbs at 500 nm. Therate of increase in absorbance is directlyproportional to the concentration ofcreatinine in the sample.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At an alkaline pH, creatinine in thesample reacts with picrate to form acreatinine-picrate complex. The rate ofincrease in absorbance at 500 nm due tothe formation of this complex is directlyproportional to the concentration ofcreatinine in the sample.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST SRM 967 for serum/plasmaNIST SRM 914 for urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use ofCalibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use of Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

NIST - National Institute of Standards and Technology SRM - Standard Reference Materials

Comparison of Subject Device (Creatinine2) to Predicate Device (Creatinine) (Continued)   

<table><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Subject Device Creatinine2 (List No. 04S95)</td><td>Predicate Device Creatinine (k083809; List No. 3L81)</td></tr><tr><td>Assay Range</td><td>Serum/Plasma: Analytical Measuring Interval: 0.09  37.34 mg/dL Reportable Interval: 0.04  37.34 mg/dL Urine: Analytical Measuring Interval: 2.54 - 740 mg/dL Reportable Interval: 1.24 - 740 mg/dL</td><td>Serum/Plasma: Creatinine serum is linear from 0.20 to 37.00 mg/dL. Urine: Creatinine urine is linear from 5.00 to 740.00 mg/dL.</td></tr><tr><td>Precision Lower Limits of</td><td>Serum/Plasma: Samples with creatinine concentrations between 0.25 and 36.36 mg/dL were evaluated. The samples demonstrated % coefficients of variation (%CV) ≤ 3.5% and standard deviations (SD) ≤ 0.011 mg/dL. Urine: Samples with creatinine concentrations between 5.25 and 701.12 mg/dL were evaluated. The samples demonstrated %CV ≤ 2.4% and SD ≤ 0.294 mg/dL.</td><td>Serum/Plasma: Samples with creatinine concentrations between 1.20 and 4.66 mg/dL demonstrated %CV values ranging from 3.18 to 4.95%. Urine: Samples with creatinine concentrations between 61.95 and 145.48 mg/dL demonstrated %CV values ranging from 1.27 to 1.34%.</td></tr><tr><td>Measurement</td><td>Serum/Plasma: Limit of Blank: 0.02 mg/dL Limit of Detection: 0.04 mg/dL Limit of Quantitation: 0.09 mg/dL Urine: Limit of Blank: 0.93 mg/dL Limit of Detection: 1.24 mg/dL Limit of Quantitation: 2.54 mg/dL</td><td>Serum/Plasma: Limit of Detection: 0.05 mg/dL Limit of Quantitation: 0.10 mg/dL Urine: Limit of Detection: 4.00 mg/dL Limit of Quantitation: 5.00 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Comparison of Subject Device (Creatinine2) to Predicate Device (Creatinine) (Continued)   

<table><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Subject Device Creatinine2 (List No. 04S95)</td><td>Predicate Device Creatinine (k083809; List No. 3L81)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Tube Types</td><td rowspan="2">Serum: - Serum tubes - Serum separator tubes Plasma: - Dipotassium EDTA tubes - Lithium heparin tubes - Glass or plastic lithium heparin</td><td>Serum:</td></tr><tr><td>- Glass or plastic tubes with or without gel barrier</td></tr></table>

# VIII. Summary of Nonclinical Performance

# A. Reportable Interval

Based on the limit of detection (LoD), limit of quantitation (LoQ), precision, and linearity, the ranges over which results can be reported are provided below according to the definitions from CLSI EP34, $1 ^ { \mathrm { s t } }$ ed.\*

# Serum/Plasma

<table><tr><td></td><td>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Measuring Interval (AMI)a</td><td>0.09 - 37.34</td></tr><tr><td>Reportable Intervalb</td><td>0.04 - 37.34</td></tr></table>

a AMI: The AMI extends from the LoQ to the upper limit of quantitation (ULoQ). This is determined by the range of values in $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ that demonstrated acceptable performance for linearity, imprecision, and bias.

b The reportable interval extends from the LoD to the upper limit of the AMI.

NOTE: The default Low Linearity value of the assay file corresponds to the lower limit of the analytical measuring interval. Samples with a creatinine value below LoQ are reported as $^ { \mathrm { \ e } } { < } 0 . 0 9 \mathrm { m g / d L } ^ { \mathrm { \prime } }$ $( ^ { 6 6 } { < } 8 . 0 \mu { \mathrm { m o l / L } } ^ { 3 5 } )$ ).

# Urine

<table><tr><td></td><td>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Measuring Interval (AMI)a</td><td>2.54 - 740</td></tr><tr><td>Reportable Intervalb</td><td>1.24 - 740</td></tr></table>

a AMI: The AMI extends from the LoQ to the upper limit of quantitation (ULoQ). This is determined by the range of values in $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ that demonstrated acceptable performance for linearity, imprecision, and bias.

b The reportable interval extends from the LoD to the upper limit of the AMI.

NOTE: The default Low Linearity value of the assay file corresponds to the lower limit of the analytical measuring interval. Samples with a creatinine value below LoQ are reported as $\mathrm { ^ { * } { < } 2 . 5 4 \ m g / d L ^ { \mathrm { > } } }$ $^ { \mathrm { \ e } } { < } 0 . 2 2 5 \ \mathrm { m m o l / L } ^ { \mathrm { , , } }$ ).

# B. Within-Laboratory Precision

# Serum/Plasma

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.† Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Creatinine2 reagent, 3 lots of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, 1 lot of commercially available controls, and 3 instruments. Two controls and 3 human serum panels were tested in duplicate, twice per day on 20 days on 3 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations, where a unique reagent lot and a unique calibrator lot is paired with 1 instrument. The performance from a representative combination is shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample</td><td rowspan="2">n</td><td rowspan="2">Mean (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="2">Within-Run (Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2">Within-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD (Rangeb)</td><td>%CV (Rangeb)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 1</td><td>80</td><td>1.42</td><td>0.015</td><td>1.0</td><td>0.050 (0.016 - 0.050)</td><td>3.5 (1.1 - 3.5)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 2</td><td>80</td><td>5.91</td><td>0.035</td><td>0.6</td><td>0.147 (0.047 - 0.147)</td><td>2.5 (0.8 - 2.5)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel A</td><td>80</td><td>0.25</td><td>0.008</td><td>3.1</td><td>0.011 (0.010 - 0.011)</td><td>4.5 (3.9 - 4.5)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel B</td><td>80</td><td>26.00</td><td>0.121</td><td>0.5</td><td>0.588 (0.185 - 0.588)</td><td>2.3 (0.7 - 2.3)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel C</td><td>80</td><td>36.36</td><td>0.130</td><td>0.4</td><td>0.777 (0.260 - 0.777)</td><td>2.1 (0.7 - 2.1)</td></tr></table>

a Includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variability. b Minimum and maximum SD or $\% \mathrm { C V }$ across all reagent lot and instrument combinations.

# Urine

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.‡ Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Creatinine2 reagent, 3 lots of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, 1 lot of commercially available controls, and 3 instruments. Two controls and 3 human urine panels were tested in duplicate, twice per day on 20 days on 3 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations, where a unique reagent lot and a unique calibrator lot is paired with 1 instrument. The performance from a representative combination is shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample</td><td rowspan="2">n</td><td rowspan="2">Mean (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="2">Within-Run (Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2">Within-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD (Rangeb)</td><td>%CV (Rangeb)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 1</td><td>80</td><td>57.77</td><td>0.491</td><td>0.9</td><td>1.194 (0.781 - 1.194)</td><td>2.1 (1.4 - 2.1)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 2</td><td>80</td><td>132.61</td><td>1.165</td><td>0.9</td><td>3.158 (1.860 - 3.158)</td><td>2.4 (1.4 - 2.4)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel A</td><td>80</td><td>5.37</td><td>0.233</td><td>4.3</td><td>0.294 (0.221 - 0.294)</td><td>5.5 (4.2 - 5.5)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel B</td><td>80</td><td>278.12</td><td>1.958</td><td>0.7</td><td>5.003 (2.671 - 5.003)</td><td>1.8 (1.0 - 1.8)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel C</td><td>80</td><td>701.12</td><td>3.303</td><td>0.5</td><td>12.844 (7.631 - 12.844)</td><td>1.8 (1.1 - 1.8)</td></tr></table>

a Includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variability. b Minimum and maximum SD or $\% \mathrm { C V }$ across all reagent lot and instrument combinations.

# C. Accuracy

# Serum/Plasma

A study was performed to estimate the bias of the Creatinine2 assay relative to material standardized to the Certified Reference Material NIST SRM 967a.

Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Creatinine2 reagent, 2 lots of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, and 1 instrument. The bias ranged from $- 4 . 1 \%$ to $0 . 4 \%$ across all instruments, calibrator and reagent lots.

Urine

A study was performed to estimate the bias of the Creatinine2 assay relative to material standardized to the Certified Reference Material NIST SRM 914a.

Testing was conducted using 3 concentrations of standard across 3 lots of the Creatinine2 reagent, 2 lots of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, and 1 instrument. The bias ranged from $- 4 . 8 \%$ to $3 . 3 \%$ across all concentrations of standard, instruments, calibrator and reagent lots.

# D. Lower Limits of Measurement

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP17-A2.§ Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Creatinine2 reagent kit on each of 2 instruments over a minimum of 3 days. The maximum observed limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD), and limit of quantitation (LoQ) values are summarized below.

# Serum/Plasma

Urine   

<table><tr><td></td><td>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>LoBa</td><td>0.02</td></tr><tr><td>LoDb</td><td>0.04</td></tr><tr><td>LoQc</td><td>0.09</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>LoBa</td><td>0.93</td></tr><tr><td>LoDb</td><td>1.24</td></tr><tr><td>LoQc</td><td>2.54</td></tr></table>

a The LoB represents the 95th percentile from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of zero-analyte samples. b The LoD represents the lowest concentration at which the analyte can be detected with $9 5 \%$ probability based on $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples. c The LoQ is defined as the lowest concentration at which a maximum allowable precision of $2 0 \%$ CV was met and was determined from $\mathbf { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples.

# E. Linearity

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP06-A.\*\* This assay demonstrated linearity across the analytical measuring interval of 0.09 to $3 7 . 3 4 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for the serum application, and 2.54 to $7 4 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for the urine application.

# F. Potentially Interfering Endogenous and Exogenous Substances

Serum/Plasma - Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed.†† Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $0 . 6 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $2 . 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ .

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetoacetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL2.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin - conjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL2.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin - unconjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 mg/dL40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL2.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 mg/dL750 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL2.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL2.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 mg/dL1500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL2.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4 g/dL to 8.4 g/dL*11.0 g/dL **</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL2.0 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

\* Interference relative to a reference protein sample at $7 . 0 \ \mathrm { g / d L }$ . \*\* Interference relative to a reference protein sample at $5 . 7 \ \mathrm { g / d L }$ .

# Interference beyond $\pm 1 0 \%$ [based on $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval (CI)] was observed

at the concentrations shown below for the following substances.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Interference(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin - conjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-14% (-16%, -13%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin - unconjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11% (-12%, -9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42% (41%, 44%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13% (13%, 14%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17% (15%, 18%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11% (9%, 12%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 g/dL*9.1 g/dL*15.3 g/dL **</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL0.6 mg/dL2.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-14% (-15%, -14%)12% (11%, 12%)20% (19%, 21%)</td></tr></table>

\* Interference relative to a reference protein sample at $7 . 0 \ \mathrm { g / d L }$ . \*\* Interference relative to a reference protein sample at $5 . 7 \ : \mathrm { g / d L }$ .

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed.‡‡ Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $0 . 6 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $2 . 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ).

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetohexamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin-Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Azlocillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4250 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca-dobesilate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefotaxime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cephalothin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eltrombopag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxocobalamin (Cyanokit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187 mg/L</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrofurantoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitroglycerin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfenefrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulbactam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfamethoxazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfapyridine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfasalazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline (1.3-dimethylxanthine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimethoprim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Interference beyond $\pm 1 0 \%$ [based on $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval (CI)] was observed

at the concentrations shown below for the following substances.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Interference(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetohexamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18% (16%, 20%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetohexamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (10%, 11%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14% (12%, 16%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13% (12%, 14%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cephalothin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193% (190%, 196%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cephalothin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56% (55%, 57%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eltrombopag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53% (51%, 55%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eltrombopag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12% (-12%, -11%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxocobalamin(Cyanokit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16% (14%, 18%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxocobalamin(Cyanokit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2259 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19% (19%, 20%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-17% (-18%, -15%)</td></tr></table>

Urine - Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed§§ / CLSI EP37, 1st ed. \*\*\* Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $1 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $4 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ .

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetoacetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urobilinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed††† / CLSI EP37, 1st ed. $\ddagger \ddagger \ddagger$ Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $1 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $4 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ .

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetic acid (8.5N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25 mL/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4250 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cephalothin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogentisic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrochloric acid (6N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 mL/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxocobalamin (Cyanokit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180 mg/L</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitric acid (6N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mL/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrofurantoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrofurazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium carbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium oxalate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Interference beyond $\pm 1 0 \%$ [based on $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval (CI)] was observed at the concentrations shown below for the following substances.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Interference(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26% (24%, 27%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (13%, 16%)</td></tr></table>

Interferences from medication or endogenous substances may affect results. $\ S \ S \ S$

# G. Method Comparison

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP09-A3\*\*\*\* using the Passing-Bablok regression method. The study compared the Creatinine2 assay to the Creatinine assay (List Number 3L81).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Creatinine2 vs Creatinine on the ARCHITECT c System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47 - 35.72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.65 - 727.61</td></tr></table>

# H. Tube Type

A study was performed to evaluate the suitability of specific blood collection tube types for use with the Creatinine2 assay. Samples were collected from a minimum of 40 donors and evaluated across tube types. The following blood collection tube types were determined to be acceptable for use with the Creatinine2 assay:

# Serum

• Serum tubes • Serum separator tubes

# Plasma

Dipotassium EDTA tubes Lithium heparin tubes • Lithium heparin separator tubes C Sodium heparin tubes

# IX. Summary of Clinical Performance

This section does not apply.

# X. Conclusion Drawn from Nonclinical Laboratory Studies

The results presented in this 510(k) premarket notification demonstrate that the performance of the subject device, Creatinine2 (List No. 04S95), is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Creatinine (List No. 3L81, k083809).

The similarities and differences between the subject device and predicate device are presented in Section 5-VII.

There is no known potential adverse effect to the operator when using this in vitro device according to the Creatinine2 reagent package insert instructions.