Abbott Point of Care Inc.   
Maria Figueroa   
Associate Director, Regulatory Affairs 400 College Road East   
Princeton, New Jersey 08540

Re: K210958 Trade/Device Name: i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CGA, CGL, JGS, CEM, CGZ, JFP, CDS, JFL, JPI Dated: March 30, 2021 Received: March 31, 2021

Dear Maria Figueroa:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k210958

Device Name i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is intended for use in the in vitro quantification of sodium, potassium, chloride, ionized calcium, glucose, blood urea nitrogen, creatinine, hematocrit, and total carbon dioxide in arterial or venous whole blood in point of care or clinical laboratory settings.

Sodium measurements are used for monitoring electrolyte imbalances.

Potassium measurements are used in the diagnosis and monitoring of diseases and clinical conditions that manifest high and low potassium levels.

Chloride measurements are primarily used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders including, but not limited to, cystic fibrosis, diabetic acidosis, and hydration disorders.

Ionized calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.

Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including, but not limited to, diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathic hypoglycemia, and pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

Blood urea nitrogen measurements are used for the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of certain renal and metabolic diseases.

Creatinine measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases, in monitoring renal dialysis, and as a calculation basis for measuring other urine analytes.

Hematocrit measurements can aid in the determination and monitoring of normal or abnormal total red cell volume status that can be associated with conditions including anemia and erythrocytosis. The i-STAT Hematocrit test has not been evaluated in neonates.

Carbon dioxide measurements are used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated with changes in body acid-base balance.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

k210958

The information in this 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

# 1. Submitter Information

Owner

Abbott Point of Care Inc. 400 College Road East Princeton, NJ 08540

Contact

Primary: Maria Figueroa Associate Director Regulatory Affairs Phone: 609-454-9271

Secondary contact person for all   
communications:   
Secondary: Jaquelyn Gesumaria   
Senior Specialist Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: 609-454-9384

Date Prepared

August 12, 2021

# 2. Device Information

Proprietary Name i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System

Common Name Chemistry test, analyzer, handheld

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Productcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceClassificationname</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CGA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase,Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1345</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CGL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrode,Ion BasedEnzymatic,Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JGS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrode, Ion Specific,Sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1665</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrode, Ion Specific,Potassium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CGZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrode, Ion SpecificChloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrode, Ion Specific,Urea Nitrogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1770</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Productcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceClassificationname</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulationNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JFL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bicarbonate,, CarbonDioxide Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JFP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrode, Ion Specific,Calcium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1145</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JPI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device, HematocritMeasuring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.6400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematology</td></tr></table>

# 3. Predicate Device

Proprietary Name 510(k) Numbers

i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System

K183678   
K183688   
K191298   
K191360   
K183680

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Productcode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Classificationname</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>K183678</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Oxidase,Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, lon BasedEnzymatic,Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>K183688</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion Specific,Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion Specific,Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion SpecificChloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion Specific,Urea Nitrogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1770</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K191298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bicarbonate,, CarbonDioxide TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K191360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion Specific,Calcium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K183680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JPI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device, HematocritMeasuring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.6400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology</td></tr></table>

# 4. Device Description

The i-STAT ${ \mathrm { C H E M } } 8 +$ test cartridge contains test reagents to analyze whole blood at the point of care or in the clinical laboratory for sodium $\mathrm { ( N a ) }$ , potassium (K), chloride (Cl), ionized calcium (iCa), glucose (Glu), blood urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine (Crea), hematocrit (Hct), and total carbon dioxide $\left( \mathrm { T C O } _ { 2 } \right)$ . The test is contained in a single-use, disposable cartridge. Cartridges require two to three drops of whole blood which are typically applied to the cartridge using a transfer device.

The i-STAT 1 Analyzer is a handheld, in vitro diagnostic analytical device designed to run only i-STAT test cartridges. The instrument interacts with the cartridge to move fluid across the sensors and generate a quantitative result (within approximately 2 minutes).

The i-STAT 1 System is comprised of the i-STAT 1 analyzer, the i-STAT test cartridges and accessories (i-STAT 1 Downloader/Recharger, electronic simulator and portable printer). The system is designed for use by trained medical professionals at the patient point of care or in the clinical laboratory and is for prescription use only.

# 5. Intended Use Statement

The i-STAT CHEM $[ 8 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is intended for use in the in vitro quantification of sodium, potassium, chloride, ionized calcium, glucose, blood urea nitrogen, creatinine, hematocrit, and total carbon dioxide in arterial or venous whole blood in point of care or clinical laboratory settings.

Sodium measurements are used for monitoring electrolyte imbalances.

Potassium measurements are used in the diagnosis and monitoring of diseases and clinical conditions that manifest high and low potassium levels.

Chloride measurements are primarily used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders including, but not limited to, cystic fibrosis, diabetic acidosis, and hydration disorders.

Ionized calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.

Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including, but not limited to, diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathic hypoglycemia, and pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

Blood urea nitrogen measurements are used for the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of certain renal and metabolic diseases.

Creatinine measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases, in monitoring renal dialysis, and as a calculation basis for measuring other urine analytes.

Hematocrit measurements can aid in the determination and monitoring of normal or abnormal total red cell volume status that can be associated with conditions including anemia and erythrocytosis. The i-STAT Hematocrit test has not been evaluated in neonates.

Carbon dioxide measurements are used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated with changes in body acid-base balance.

# 6. Reason for Submission

Addition of anticoagulant free (non-anticoagulant) whole blood matrix to previously cleared i-STAT CHEM $^ { 8 + }$ cartridge with i-STAT 1 System under k183678, k183688, k191298, k191360 and k183680.

7. Summary Comparison of Technological Characteristics   

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td>Feature or Characteristic</td><td>Candidate Device: i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System</td><td>Predicate Device: i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System (K183678, K183680, K183688,</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>Same</td><td>K191298, K191360) The i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridge with the i- STAT 1 System is intended for use in the in vitro quantification of sodium, potassium, chloride, ionized calcium, glucose, blood urea nitrogen, creatinine, hematocrit, and total carbon dioxide in arterial or venous whole blood in point of care or clinical laboratory settings. Sodium measurements are used for monitoring electrolyte imbalances. Potassium measurements are used in the diagnosis and monitoring of diseases and clinical conditions that manifest high and low potassium levels. Chloride measurements are primarily used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders including, but not limited to, cystic fibrosis, diabetic acidosis, and hydration disorders. lonized calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany. Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including, but not limited to, diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathic hypoglycemia, and pancreatic islet cell carcinoma. Blood urea nitrogen measurements are used for the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of certain renal and metabolic diseases.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature orCharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Candidate Device: i-STAT CHEM8+cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Predicate Device: i-STAT CHEM8+cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System(K183678, K183680, K183688,K191298, K191360)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>calculation basis for measuring other urineanalytes.Hematocrit measurements can aid in thedetermination and monitoring of normal orabnormal total red cell volume status thatcan be associated with conditions includinganemia and erythrocytosis. The i-STATHematocrit test has not been evaluated inneonates.Carbon dioxide measurements are used inthe diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment ofnumerous potentially serious disordersassociated with changes in body acid-basebalance.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>Reportable Range</td><td rowspan=11 colspan=3>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reportable Range:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100-180 mmol/L</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.0-9.0 mmol/L</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>65-140 mmol/L</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lonizedCalcium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.25-2.50 mmol/L</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>20-700 mg/dL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN/Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3-140 mg/dL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.2-20.0 mg/dL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>15-75 %PCV</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5-50 mmol/L</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Arterial or venous whole blood</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95 μL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SamplePreparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Ready to Use</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Collection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>With balanced heparin anticoagulantWith lithium heparin anticoagulantWithout anticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>•   With balanced heparin anticoagulantWith lithium heparin anticoagulant</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>TimeTesting/SampleSability(time fromcollection tosample fill)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>With anticoagulant:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>With anticoagulant:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCO2, iCa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>within 10 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TCO2, iCa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>within 10 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na, K, Cl, Glu,BUN, Crea, Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>within 30 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Na, K, CI, Glu,BUN, Crea, Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>within 30 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Without anticoagulant:TCO2, iCa, Na, K,CI, Glu, BUN,       within 3 minutesCrea, Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCO2, iCa, Na, K,CI, Glu, BUN,Crea, Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>within 3 minutes</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# 8. Performance Characteristics Analytical Performance

# a. Precision

Precision 20 days (Aqueous Materials)

Precision of the i-STAT Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Ionized Calcium, Glucose, Blood Urea Nitrogen, Creatinine, Hematocrit, and Total Carbon Dioxide tests in the i-STAT CHEM $^ { 8 + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System was previously reviewed under:

K183678 for Glucose and Creatinine   
K183680 for Hematocrit   
K186388 for Sodium, Potassium, Chloride and BUN   
K191298 for $\mathrm { T C O } _ { 2 }$   
K191360 for iCa

# Precision (Whole Blood)

Whole blood precision of the i-STAT Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Ionized Calcium, Glucose, Blood Urea Nitrogen, Creatinine, Hematocrit, and Total Carbon Dioxide tests in the i-STAT CHEM $^ { 8 + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System using whole blood venous and arterial specimens collected with lithium heparin was previously reviewed under:

K183678 for Glucose and Creatinine   
K183680 for Hematocrit   
K186388 for Sodium, Potassium, Chloride and BUN   
K191298 for $\mathrm { T C O } _ { 2 }$   
K191360 for iCa

# b. Linearity

Linearity of the i-STAT Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Ionized Calcium, Glucose, Blood Urea Nitrogen, Creatinine, Hematocrit, and Total Carbon Dioxide tests in the i-STAT CHEM $^ { 8 + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System was previously reviewed under:

K183678 for Glucose and Creatinine   
K183680 for Hematocrit   
K186388 for Sodium, Potassium, Chloride and BUN   
K191298 for $\mathrm { T C O } _ { 2 }$   
K191360 for iCa

# c. Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)

LoQ of the i-STAT Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Ionized Calcium, Glucose, Blood Urea Nitrogen, Creatinine, Hematocrit, and Total Carbon Dioxide tests in the i-STAT CHEM $^ { 8 + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System was previously reviewed under:

K183678 for Glucose and Creatinine   
K183680 for Hematocrit   
K186388 for Sodium, Potassium, Chloride and BUN   
K191298 for $\mathrm { T C O } _ { 2 }$   
K191360 for iCa

# d. Limit of Blank and Detection (LoB/LoD)

LoB and LoD of the i-STAT Ionized Calcium, Glucose, Creatinine, and Hematocrit tests in the i-STAT CHEM $^ { 8 + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System was previously reviewed under:

K183678 for Glucose and Creatinine K183680 for Hematocrit K191360 for iCa

# e. Interference

The performance of the i-STAT Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Ionized Calcium, Glucose, Blood Urea Nitrogen, Creatinine, Hematocrit, and Total Carbon Dioxide tests in the i-STAT CHEM $[ 8 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System in the presence of potentially interfering substances was previously reviewed under:

K183678 for Glucose and Creatinine   
K183680 for Hematocrit   
K186388 for Sodium, Potassium, Chloride and BUN   
K191298 for $\mathrm { T C O } _ { 2 }$   
K191360 for iCa

# Comparison Study

# f. Method Comparison of Candidate versus Predicate Device

Method comparison of the i-STAT Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Ionized Calcium, Glucose, Blood Urea Nitrogen, Creatinine, Hematocrit, and Total Carbon Dioxide tests in the i-STAT CHEM $[ 8 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System using whole blood venous and arterial specimens collected with lithium heparin was previously reviewed under:

K183678 for Glucose and Creatinine   
K183680 for Hematocrit   
K186388 for Sodium, Potassium, Chloride and BUN   
K191298 for $\mathrm { T C O } _ { 2 }$   
K191360 for iCa

# g. Matrix Equivalence

A matrix equivalence study was conducted at three (3) point of care sites to assess the performance of the i-STAT Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Ionized Calcium, Glucose, Blood urea nitrogen, Creatinine, Hematocrit, and Total Carbon Dioxide tests in the i-STAT CHEM $^ { 8 + }$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 System using non-anticoagulated venous and arterial whole blood samples. The matrix equivalence of each analyte in the i-STAT CHEM $^ { 8 + }$ cartridge was assessed by comparing samples collected without anticoagulant (candidate) to samples collected with balanced heparin or lithium heparin anticoagulant (primary sample). A Passing-Bablok linear regression analysis was performed using the first replicate result from the candidate (y-axis) versus the mean result from the primary sample ( $\mathbf { \dot { x } }$ -axis). The regression analysis results are summarized in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary SampleRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110-174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111 - 173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2-7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2-7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76-136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79- 137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41 - 2.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71 - 2.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29 - 663</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 - 660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Crea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 - 19.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 - 19.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>311</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%PCV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16-73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>273</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr></table>

The results of the study support the addition of whole blood samples collected without anticoagulant for use with the i-STAT CHEM $^ { 8 + }$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 System.

# 9. Conclusion

The results of the study demonstrate that performance of the i-STAT Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Ionized Calcium, Glucose, Blood Urea Nitrogen, Creatinine, Hematocrit, and Total Carbon Dioxide tests in the i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System are substantially equivalent when tested using the anticoagulated and nonanticoagulated sample type.