July 6, 2022

Healthy.io Ltd.   
Ron Zohar   
Chief Product Officer 8 Yitzhak Sadeh St. Tel Aviv, Israel   
6777508

Re: K210069 Trade/Device Name: Minuteful - kidney test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1225 Regulation Name: Creatinine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JFY, JIR, KQO Dated: April 13, 2022 Received: April 14, 2022

Dear Ron Zohar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K210069

Device Name Minuteful - kidney test

Indications for Use (Describe)

Tnal CRThe yst consi ar pplicat proriy olo-Boaran CRRagent ri.Th u in conjunction with clinical evaluation as an aid in the assessment of kidney health.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and aintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# Healthy.io’s Minuteful - kidney test K210069

# Submitter:

Healthy.io Ltd. 8 Yitzhak Sadeh St. Tel Aviv, Israel 6777508

Phone: +972-54-445-4514   
Facsimile: +972-77-470-4808

Contact Person: Ron Zohar

Date Prepared: April 13, 2022

Name of Device: Minuteful - kidney test

Common or Usual Name: Smartphone enabled albumin-creatinine ratio analyzer

# Regulation Section and Classification Name:

Class I: Albumin Class II: Creatinine

21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 6 4 5$ Urinary protein or albumin (non-quantitative) test system   
21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 2 2 5$ Creatinine test system   
21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 2 9 0 0$ Automated urinalysis system

# Product Code:

JIR JFY KQO

Urinary protein or albumin (nonquantitative) test system   
Creatinine test system   
Automated urinalysis system

Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry

# Predicate Device:

The Minuteful - kidney test is substantially equivalent to the following predicate device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YD Diagnostics Corp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>URiSCAN Optima urine chemistry test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K141874</td></tr></table>

# Device Description:

The Minuteful - kidney test is comprised of a kit and a smartphone application. It is intended for the semi-quantitative measurement of albumin and creatinine in urine, as well as the presentation of their ratio, the albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR).

The Minuteful - kidney test is intended for prescription-use only, as a home-use device to aid in the assessment of kidney health. The results can be used together with clinical evaluation to guide patient care.

The device is provided as a kit that comprises a urine receptacle, an ACR Reagent Strip, an absorbing (i.e. “blotting”) pad, a proprietary Color-Board and a user manual. The device also consists of an easy-to-use smartphone application, image recognition algorithms, and a physician compendium.

The software component of the Minuteful - kidney test consists of both an application (app) and a backend server. Both components encompass different computer vision and machine learning algorithmic components, performing the image analysis activities. The app instructs the user how to accurately administer the test. The Image Validation Transfer System (IVTS) component of the Minuteful - kidney test enables its usage across a wide range of smartphone types and operating systems, essentially making the test platform agnostic.

# Intended Use/Indications for Use:

The Minuteful - kidney test is an in-vitro diagnostic, home-use urine analysis test system for the semi-quantitative measurement of albumin and creatinine in urine, as well as the presentation of their ratio, the albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR). The system consists of a smartphone application, proprietary Color-Board and an ACR Reagent Strip. The system is available for prescription-use only and is intended for people at risk of kidney disease. Results are intended to be used in conjunction with clinical evaluation as an aid in the assessment of kidney health.

Table VIII.I: Comparison between Minuteful - kidney test and YD Diagnostics Corp. URiSCAN Optima urine chemistry test system   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minuteful - kidney test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YD Diagnostics Corp. URiSCANOptima (K141874)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Minuteful - kidney test is anin-vitro diagnostic, home-useurine analysis test system for thesemi-quantitative measurement ofalbumin and creatinine in urine,as well as the presentation oftheir ratio, the albumin-creatinineratio (ACR). The system consistsof a smartphone application,proprietary Color-Board and anACR Reagent Strip. The systemis available for prescription-useonly and is intended for people atrisk of kidney disease. Resultsare intended to be used inconjunction with clinicalevaluation as an aid in theassessment of kidney health.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The URiSCAN Optima urinechemistry test system consists ofURiSCAN Optima Urine analyzerand URiSCAN 2 ACR Urine strips.The intended use of the URiSCANOptima Urine analyzer is to read thecolor change on the test pads foundon the URiSCAN 2ACR Urine stripsand to display and print the results.The intended use of the URiSCAN2ACR Urine strips is for the in vitrosemi quantitative measurement ofthe following parameters:AlbuminCreatinineACR (Albumin Creatinine Ratio)These measurements are useful inthe evaluation of renal, urinary andmetabolic disorders.URiSCAN Optima urine chemistrytest system is intended forprescription use only, in clinicallaboratory and in point-of-caresetting.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionMethodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reflectance photometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reflectance photometry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photosensitive diode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photosensitive diode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strips</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">URiSCAN 2ACR urine strips(K141874)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">URiSCAN 2ACR urine strips(K141874)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">albumin, creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">albumin, creatinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">URiSCAN Optima: DC 12V, 3.5A,42VAAC/DC Adaptor: AC 100-240 V,50/60 Hz, 1.2 A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Transfer/Capabilities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Via smartphone internetconnection from the backendserver to the lay user and ahealthcare professional.Results are available for securesharing with an EMR.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bi-directional RS 232C interfaceHigh-speed thermal printer (203 dpi),barcode reader</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Availablelanguages onscreen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">English</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">English, German, Italian, Russian,Spanish, Portuguese, Korean, andChinese</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringCycle/IncubationTime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Routine test mode - 100 secondsQuick test mode - 6 seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 tests/hour</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Smartphones/OperatingSystems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The product supports a wide varietyof currently available smartphonesand operating systems. Newlyintroduced smartphone-hardwareand new operating systems willbe validated by the company on aregular basis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">187mm (W) x 143.6mm (L) x24.6mm (H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210mm (W) x 240mm (L) x 90mm(H)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.125 kg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.97kg</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data:

Healthy.io conducted both bench and clinical studies to test the accuracy of the Minuteful - kidney test and its agreement with its predicate device. These analytical and clinical performance studies are summarized below.

# Analytical Performance Testing:

The performance characteristics of the Minuteful - kidney test were evaluated according to the following analytical performance tests:

Precision. This study consisted of two separate studies: 1) Repeatability and 2) Reproducibility. The precision studies were designed and executed in accordance with guidance provided by the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP05-A3 - Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline - Third Edition.

Repeatability. The Minuteful - kidney test recorded an exact match of $100 \%$ during the course of the study.

● Reproducibility. The Minuteful - kidney test recorded an exact match of $100 \%$ during the course of the study. .

Interference. Testing of potential interfering substances with the Minuteful - kidney test was designed and executed in accordance with guidance provided by the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP07: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline – Third Edition and CLSI EP37: Supplemental Tables for Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry – First Edition.

Limit of Detection. Testing of the Minuteful - kidney test detection limits was designed and executed in accordance with guidance provided by the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP17-A2 - Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guidelines - Second Edition.

Linearity. The linearity study of the Minuteful - kidney test was designed and executed in accordance with guidance provided by the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP6-A - Evaluation of Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline.

● The Minuteful - kidney test measured every level of albumin, creatinine and ACR at an exact match of $100 \%$ .

Stability. The stability experiment was designed to evaluate the ability of the Minuteful - kidney test to provide accurate measurements after exposure to environmental conditions (e.g.

temperature, humidity and vibration), which are designed to simulate aging and transportation conditions. This experiment was designed according to multiple International Electrotechnical Commission standards, IEC TR $6 0 7 2 1 - 4 - 1 : 2 0 0 1 + { \cal A } 1 : - 3 ,$ Class 2K2 and IEC TR $6 0 7 2 1 - 4 - 1 : 2 0 0 1 + 4 1 : - 3$ , Class 2M3. The Minuteful - kidney test kits passed all tests and were not impacted by exposure to the different environmental conditions, demonstrating stability.

# Clinical Performance Testing:

Method Comparison. The Method Comparison studies were conducted in accordance with Good Clinical Practice (GCP), according to 21 CFR Part 50, 54, 56, 812, ISO 14155-1/2 and relevant local and national regulations (IRB committee). In addition, the Method Comparison studies complied with CLSI EP09c: Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guidelines – Third Edition. The objective of the Method Comparison studies was to evaluate the accuracy and usability performance of the Minuteful - kidney test in the hands of the lay user.

# Study Design

More than 450 subjects were recruited to the clinical trials based on their ability to provide a urine sample and comfortably complete tasks using a smartphone. Each urine sample was tested by a lay user on the Minuteful - kidney test app, and then transferred to a professional user to conduct the test on the URiSCAN Optima Urine Analyzer. The professional user was blinded to the results of the lay user until after they had completed the test using the URiSCAN device.

# Study Results - Accuracy

Results from subjects in the clinical trials were analyzed to show an exact agreement when compared to the comparator device. The exact albumin-creatinine ratio agreement is $9 2 . 7 \%$ , with an overall ±1 color block of $100 \%$ . Per analyte, the exact agreement for albumin is $9 2 . 1 \%$ and for creatinine $8 8 . 2 \%$ , with both overall ±1 color block of $100 \%$ . The results show that the Minuteful - kidney test measurements are substantially equivalent to the measurements taken by the comparator device.

# Study Results - Usability

$100 \%$ of subjects were able to complete the study on the first attempt, with no usability issues.

# Conclusions:

The clinical and analytical performance study results demonstrate that the Minuteful - kidney test is substantially equivalent to the predicate device URiSCAN Optima Urine Analyzer (K141874).