May 6, 2022

Roche Diagnostics   
Justin Davis   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
9115 Hague Road, PO Box 50416   
Indianapolis, Indiana 46250

Re: K211685 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys Testosterone II Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1680 Regulation Name: Testosterone Test System Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: CDZ Dated: February 4, 2022 Received: February 7, 2022

Dear Justin Davis:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) k211685</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Elecsys Testosterone II</td><td></td></tr></table>

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of testosterone in human serum and plasma.   
The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay “ECLIA” is intended for use on the cobas e 601 immunoassay analyzer.

Measurements of testosterone are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving the male sex hormones (androgens), including primary and secondary hypogonadism, delayed or precocious puberty, impotence in males and, in females hirsutism (excessive hair) and virilization (masculinization) due to tumors, polycystic ovaries, and adrenogenital syndromes.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Elecsys Testosterone II 510(k) Summary

K211685

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87, Roche Diagnostics hereby submits official notification as required by Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification 510(k).

The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification is to obtain FDA review and clearance for the Elecsys Testosterone II on the cobas e 601.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9115 Hague RoadP.O. Box 50416Indianapolis, IN 46250-0457</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Justin DavisPhone: (317) 521-6204Email: justin.davis@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>May 27, 2021</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Testosterone II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testosterone II Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Radioimmunoassay, Testosterones And Dihydrotestosterone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes,Regulation Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDZ21 CFR 862.1680</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Testosterone II (K093421)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics GmbH Mannheim, Germany: 9610126Roche Diagnostics GmbH Penzberg, Germany: 9610529Roche Diagnostics Indianapolis, IN United States: 1823260</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Elecsys Testosterone II immunoassay makes use of a competitive test principle using streptavidin-coated microparticles and electrochemiluminescence detection. Results are determined using a calibration curve that is generated specifically on each instrument by a 2- point calibration and master curve provided with the reagent bar code. The Elecsys Testosterone II reagent kit consists of a Reagent Pack (R1, R2, and M (Streptavidin-coated microparticles)).

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of testosterone in human serum and plasma.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay “ECLIA” is intended for use on the cobas e 601 immunoassay analyzer.

Measurements of testosterone are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving the male sex hormones (androgens), including primary and secondary hypogonadism, delayed or precocious puberty, impotence in males and, in females hirsutism (excessive hair) and virilization (masculinization) due to tumors, polycystic ovaries, and adrenogenital syndromes.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The reagent working solutions include:

Rack Pack (kit placed on the analyzer).

• M Streptavidin-coated microparticles (transparent cap), 1 bottle, $6 . 5 \mathrm { m L }$ : Streptavidincoated microparticles $0 . 7 2 ~ \mathrm { m g / m L }$ ; preservative.   
R1 Anti‑testosterone‑Ab\~biotin (gray cap), 1 bottle, $1 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ : Biotinylated monoclonal anti‑testosterone antibody (sheep) $4 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ; releasing reagent 2‑bromoestradiol; MES buffer $5 0 \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ , $\mathsf { p H } 6 . 0$ ; preservative.   
• R2 Testosterone-peptide ${ \sim } \mathrm { R u } ( \mathsf { b p y } ) _ { 3 } ^ { 2 } +$ (black cap), 1 bottle, 9 mL: Testosterone derivative, labeled with ruthenium complex $1 . 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ; MES buffer 50 mmol/L, pH 6.0; preservative.

The following table compares the updated Elecsys Testosterone II with its predicate device, the current Elecsys Testosterone II (K093421).

Table 1: Technical Characteristics Comparison Table between updated Elecsys Testosterone II and current Elecsys Testosterone II   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceElecsys Testosterone II (K211685)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceElecsys Testosterone II (K093421)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitativedetermination of testosterone in humanserum and plasma.The electrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for useon the cobas e 601 immunoassay analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurements of testosterone are used inthe diagnosis and treatment of disordersinvolving the male sex hormones(androgens), including primary andsecondary hypogonadism, delayed orprecocious puberty, impotence in malesand, in females hirsutism (excessive hair)and virilization (masculinization) due totumors, polycystic ovaries, andadrenogenital syndromes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemiluminescence immunoassay(EECLIA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentPlatform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cobas e 601</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleType/Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum, plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability/Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ID-GC/MS ("Isotope Dilution - GasChromatography/Mass Spectrometry").</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleAnticoagulants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Li-heparin, K2-EDTA and K3-EDTAplasma.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testosterone II CalSet IICalibrators 1 and 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability: This method has beenstandardized via ID-GC/MS ("IsotopeDilution - Gas Chromatography/MassSpectrometry"). Every Elecsys reagent sethas a barcoded label containing specificinformation for calibration of the particularreagent lot. The predefined master curve isadapted to the analyzer using the relevantCalSet.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceElecsys Testosterone II (K211685)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceElecsys Testosterone ⅡI (K093421)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationInterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration must be performed once perreagent lot using fresh reagent (i.e. notmore than 24 hours since the reagent kitwas registered on the analyzer). Calibrationinterval may be extended based onacceptable verification of calibration by thelaboratory.Renewed calibration is recommended asfollows: after 1 month (28 days) when using thesame reagent lotafter 7 days (when using the same reagentkit on the analyzer)as required: e.g. quality control findingsoutside the defined limits.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls for the various concentrationranges should be run individually at leastonce every 24 hours when the test is in use,once per reagent kit, and following eachcalibration.The control intervals and limits should beadapted to each laboratory's individualrequirements. Values obtained should fallwithin the defined limits. Each laboratoryshould establish corrective measures to betaken if values fall outside the definedlimits.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unopened at 2-8 °C up to the statedexpiration dateafter opening at 2-8 °C 12 weekson the analyzer 8 weeks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50-1500 ng/dL or 0.087-52.0 nmol/L(defined by the Limit of Detection and themaximum of the master curve).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceElecsys Testosterone II (K211685)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceElecsys Testosterone II (K093421)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision was evaluated on one cobas e601 analyzer according to CLSI guidelineEP05-A3. The protocol consisted of testing5 Aliquots of each control (PreciControlUniversal level 1 and PreciControlUniversal level 2) and human serumsamples (HS1-HS5) per run, 1 run per dayfor 5 days with 3 lots. Repeatability andintermediate precision (SD and CV values)were calculated according to CLSIEP05-A3.Precision was determined using Elecsysreagents, human sera and controls in aprotocol (EP05-A3) of the CLSI (Clinicaland Laboratory Standards Institute): 2 runsper day in duplicate each for 21 days (n =84).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision was evaluated on one 2010analyzer according to CLSI guideline EP05-A. The protocol consisted of testing 5Aliquots of each control (PreciControlUniversal level 1 and PreciControl Universallevel 2) and human serum samples (HS1-HS5) per run, 1 run per day for 5 days with 3lots. Repeatability and intermediate precision(SD and CV values) were calculatedaccording to CLSI EP05-A.Precision was determined using Elecsysreagents, pooled human sera and controls in aseparate study according to protocol (EP5-A)of the CLSI (Clinical and LaboratoryStandards Institute): 2 runs per day induplicate each for 21 days (n = 84).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50 ng/dL or 0.052 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Blank: 1.2 ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50 ng/dL or 0.087 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoQ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.0 ng/dL or 0.416 nmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceElecsys Testosterone II (K211685)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceElecsys Testosterone II (K093421)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="22">Cross Reactivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-Reactant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-Reactivity[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-Reactant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-Reactivity[%]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHEA-S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHEA-S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Androstenedione</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Androstenedione</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤2.50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Danazol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Danazol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 0.500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.211</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤0.160</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethisterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethisterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤2.40</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19-Norethisterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19-Norethisterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 6.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norgestrel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.539</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norgestrel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤0.910</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Δ5-Androstene-3B17B-diol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.289</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Δ5-Androstene-3B17B-diol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤0.290</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testosteronepropionate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.718</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testosteronepropionate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤2.46</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5α-Androstane-33, 17B-diol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5α-Androstane-3B, 17B-diol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤2.11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5α-Dihydrotestosteron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5α-Dihydrotestosteron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 0.860</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11B-OH-Testosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11B-OH-Testosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 18.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11keto-Testosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11keto-Testosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 3.22</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n.d.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n.d.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisolone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n.d.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisolone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n.d.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Progesterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Progesterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 0.002</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n.d.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤0.010</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n.d.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n.d.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexamethasone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n.d.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexamethasone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n.d.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n.d.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤0.004</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHEA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHEA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 0.016</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotin</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">This assay has no biotin interference inserum concentrations up to1200 ng/mL</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">&lt; 30 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Special DrugInterference</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Testosterone Undecanoate or Nandrolone.Both strongly interfered with Testosteroneand produced elevated recovery values.</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MethodComparison</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Updated Elecsys Testosterone II Biotinassay on the cobas e 601 analyzer (y)compared to current Elecsys Testosterone IIassay on the cobas e 601 analyzer (x).</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Elecsys Testosterone II assay on thecobas e 801 analyzer (y) with the ElecsysTestosterone II assay on the cobas e 601analyzer (x).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceElecsys Testosterone II (K211685)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceElecsys Testosterone II (K093421)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Passing/Babloky = 0.948x + 0.023T = 0.976</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear regressiony = 0.950x - 0.871r = 0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Passing/Babloky = 0.961x - 0.015T = 0.975</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear regressiony = 0.958x - 0.006r = 0.999</td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The non-clinical performance studies for Elecsys Testosterone II are summarized below. The following performance data are provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination:

Precision (5-Day and 21-Day) according to CLSI EP5-A3 Analytical Sensitivity: LoB, LoD and LoQ according to CLSI EP17-A2 Linearity according to CLSI EP6-A Endogenous Interferences – Hemoglobin, Intralipid, Bilirubin, and Rheumatoid Factors Biotin Interference (CLSI EP07-A3) Common Drug Interferences Special Drug Interferences Analytical Specificity/ Cross Reactivity (CLSI EP17-A2) Matrix Comparison - Anticoagulants Method Comparison to Predicate Reagent Stability (CLSI EP25-A) • Lot Calibration Stability (CLSI EP25-A)

All performance specifications were met.

# 4.1. Precision

# 4.1.1. 21 Day Precision

Precision was evaluated on one cobas e 601 analyzer according to CLSI guideline EP05-A3. The protocol consisted of testing 2 replicates of 2 controls and 5 samples.

Each control and sample underwent 2 runs per day over 21 days using 1 reagent lot. Repeatability and intermediate precision were calculated according to CLSI EP05-A3. Assay calibration was done as specified in the package insert.

# 4.1.2. 5 Day Precision

Precision was evaluated on one cobas e 601 analyzer according to CLSI guideline EP05-A3. The protocol consisted of testing 5 Aliquots of each control (PreciControl Universal Level 1 and Level 2) and human serum samples per run, 1 run per day for 5 days with 3 lots.

Repeatability and intermediate precision were calculated according to CLSI EP05-A3. Assay calibration was done as specified in the package insert.

# 4.2. Analytical Sensitivity

Analytical Sensitivity limits (LoB, LoD, LoQ) were determined using CLSI EP17-A2.

These studies and acceptance criteria have been reviewed and found to be acceptable. These data support the LoB, LoD, LoQ claims as reported in the package labeling.

# 4.3. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range

For linearity, one lot was tested on one cobas e 601 with one run. One human serum sample with high analyte content above the measuring range was diluted to the lower end of the measuring range with various amounts of human serum sample without analyte content. The dilution series contained 25 steps. Samples were assayed in 3-fold determinations. Data Analysis was determined according to CLSI EP06-A.

# 4.4. Endogenous Interferences

The effect on quantitation of analyte in the presence of endogenous interfering substances was determined for testosterone concentrations and a dilution set of the added interfering substances. The endogenous interference study and acceptance criteria have been reviewed and found to be acceptable. These data supports the endogenous interferences claims as reported in the package labeling.

# 4.5. Biotin Interference

One aliquot of each testosterone sample was spiked with biotin up to $3 6 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . Another aliquot of the sample was spiked with the same volume of the solvent of the interfering endogenous substance (without interfering substance). The recovery (absolute deviation or $\%$ recovery) was calculated for each sample compared to the expected value. Data supports the biotin interference claim of to $\leq 1 2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , as reported in the package labeling.

# 4.6. Common Drug Interferences

The common drug interference study and acceptance criteria have been reviewed and found to be acceptable. These data supports the common drug interferences claims as reported in the package labeling.

# 4.7. Special Drug Interferences

The effect on quantitation of analyte in the presence of drugs was determined by comparing values obtained from samples spiked with one special pharmaceutical compound with the reference sample (unspiked). All samples used were Native sample pools. Samples (with testosterone concentrations near $0 . 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and near $5 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ) were divided into aliquots and spiked with the special drug interferents, Testosterone Undecanoate. The reference sample without drug was spiked with the respective amount of solvent.

# 4.8. Analytical Specificity/Cross-Reactivity

The analytical specificity of the Elecsys Testosterone II assay was determined with one reagent lot on one cobas e 601 analyzer using a human serum matrix with one testosterone level (0.5 $\mathrm { { n g / m L } ) }$ ). The sample aliquots were spiked with potential cross-reactants. These data supports the analytical specificity claims as reported in the package labeling.

# 4.9. Sample Matrix Comparison

The effect on quantitation of analyte in the presence of anticoagulants on the Elecsys Testosterone II assay were determined. All samples used were Native or spiked samples. Values obtained from serum samples (reference) were compared to Li-Heparin, $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA and $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ -EDTA plasma. At least 40 serum/plasma pairs were tested in one run on one cobas e 601 analyzer. Data was assessed by Passing/Bablok regression analysis.

# 4.10. Method Comparison to Predicate

Serum samples were measured internally using both the current and updated reagent formulations. One hundred sixty eight (168) samples that span the measuring range were tested with one run per sample (no replicates). To sufficiently cover the measuring range, Native single samples and spiked single samples were used. Equivalence of the current Elecsys Testosterone II (K093421) assay and the updated Elecsys Testosterone II assay were evaluated using:

• Calculation: Scatter-plot of numerical values of the current assay (x-axis) versus the updated assay (y-axis).

• Passing-Bablok analysis for slope and intercept was performed for the updated lot against the current lot.

# 4.11. Stability Studies

The stability studies and acceptance criteria have been reviewed and found to be acceptable. The stability data supports the claims as reported in the package labeling.

# 5. CONCLUSIONS

The information provided in this 510(k) Premarket Notification will support a determination of substantial equivalence for the Elecsys Testosterone II. The data from the analytical studies demonstrate that the device is as safe, as effective, and performs as well as or better than the predicate device.