# November 4, 2021

Jiangsu Micsafe Medical Technology Co., Ltd   
Tony Yang   
General Manager   
Xituan Industrial Park, Dafeng District   
Yancheng, Jiangsu 224125   
China

Re: K212019

Trade/Device Name: Blood Collection Needle for Single Use & Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use, Safety Blood Collection Needle for Single Use, Safety Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use, Blood Collection Set for Single Use & Safety Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use, Safety Blood Collection Set for Single Use & Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675   
Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Code: JKA   
Dated: September 24, 2021   
Received: October 6, 2021

Dear Tony Yang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

For Payal Patel   
Assistant Director   
DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors   
OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Blood Collection Needle for Single Use & Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use, Safety Blood Collection Needle for Single Use, Safety Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use, Blood Collection Set for Single Use & Safety Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use, Safety Blood Collection Set for Single Use & Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single

Indications for Use (Describe)

(1) Blood Collection Needle for Single Use   
The Blood Collection Needle for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood.

(2) Safety Blood Collection Needle for Single Use The Safety Blood Collection Needle for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. The safety shield is intended to aid in the protection against accidental needle stick injury.

(3) Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use   
The Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. (4) Safety Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use   
The Safety Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. The safety shield is intended to aid in the protection against accidental needle stick injury. (5) Blood Collection Set for Single Use   
The Blood Collection Set for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood.

(6) Safety Blood Collection Set for Single Use The Safety Blood Collection Set for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. The safety shield is intended to aid in the protection against accidental needle stick injury.

(7) Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use   
The Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. (8) Safety Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use   
The Safety Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. The safety shield is intended to aid in the protection against accidental needle stick injury.

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Summary K212019 (As required by 21 CFR 807.92(a))

# 1. Submitter Information

 Company: Jiangsu Micsafe Medical Technology Co., Ltd   
 Address: Xituan Industrial Park, Dafeng District, Yancheng City, Jiangsu Province, 224125, China   
 Phone: 086-13651929266   
 Contact: Tony Yang, General Manager   
 Date: November 3, 2021

# 2. Device Information

Trade/Device Name: Blood Collection Needle for Single Use Safety Blood Collection Needle for Single Use Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use Safety Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use Blood Collection Set for Single Use Safety Blood Collection Set for Single Use Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use Safety Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use

 Common Name: Blood Collection Tubes, Vials, Systems, Serum Separators

 Classification:

Regulation Name: Blood specimen collection device   
Review Panel: Clinical Chemistry   
Product Code: JKA   
Submission Type: 510(k)   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675   
Device Class: II   
Type of Use: Prescription use only

# 3. Predicate Device Information

Blood Collecting Needle, Safety Blood Collecting Needle, Blood Collecting Needle with Holder, Safety Blood Collecting Needle with Holder, Blood Collecting Set, Safety Blood Collecting Set, Blood Collecting Set with Holder, Safety Blood Collecting Set with Holder

[510(k) Number: K172763; submitted by Zhejiang kindly medical devices Co., Ltd.]

Regulation Name: Blood specimen collection de   
Review Panel: Clinical Chemistry   
Product Code: JKA   
Submission Type: 510(k)   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675   
Device Class: II   
Type of Use: Prescription use only

# 4. Device Description

The subject devices are single use, EtO sterilized with a shelf-life of 5 years. Blood collection needles and holders are intended to be used with a vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. The safety shield is intended to aid in the protection against accidental needle stick injury.

# (1) Blood Collection Needle for Single Use

This product use PP, Polyisoprene rubber and SUS304 as the main materials. It contains needle cap, needle hub, needle tube and needle sleeve.

Device Models:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Blood Collection Needlefor Single Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification of Needle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Length of Needle</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr></table>

(2) Safety Blood Collection Needle for Single Use

This product use PP, Polyisoprene rubber and SUS304 as the main materials. It contains needle cap, needle hub with safety shield, needle tube, needle sleeve.

Device Models:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Safety Blood CollectionNeedle for Single Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification of Needle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Length of Needle</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr></table>

(3) Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use

This product use PP, Polyisoprene rubber and SUS304 as the main materials. It contains needle cap, needle hub, needle tube, needle sleeve, holder.

Device Models:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Blood Collection Needlewith Holder for Single Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification of Needle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Length of Needle</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr></table>

(4) Safety Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use

This product use PP, Polyisoprene rubber and SUS304 as the main materials. It contains needle cap, needle hub with safety shield, needle tube, needle sleeve, holder.

Device Models:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Safety Blood CollectionNeedle with Holder forSingle Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification of Needle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Length of Needle</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 1/2&quot;</td></tr></table>

# (5) Blood Collection Set for Single Use

The products use PP, ABS, PVC, Polyisoprene rubber and SUS304 as the main materials. It contains needle cap, needle hub, needle tube, tubing, butterfly wings, needle sleeve.

# Device Models:

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Blood Collection Set forSingle Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification of Needle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Length of Needle</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr></table>

# (6) Safety Blood Collection Set for Single Use

The products use PP, ABS, PVC, Polyisoprene rubber and SUS304 as the main materials. It contains needle cap, safety shield, needle hub, needle tube, tubing, butterfly wings, needle sleeve.

Device Models:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Safety Blood CollectionSet for Single Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification of Needle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Length of Needle</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr></table>

(7) Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use

The products use PP, ABS, PVC, Polyisoprene rubber and SUS304 as the main materials. It contains needle cap, needle hub, needle tube, tubing, butterfly wings, needle sleeve, holder.

Device Models:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Blood Collection Set withHolder for Single Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification of Needle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Length of Needle</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr></table>

# (8) Safety Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use

The products use PP, ABS, PVC, Polyisoprene rubber and SUS304 as the main materials. It contains needle cap, needle hub, safety shield, needle tube, tubing, butterfly wings, needle sleeve,

holder.

Device Models:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Safety Blood CollectionSet with Holder for SingleUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification of Needle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Length of Needle</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4&quot;</td></tr></table>

# 5. Indications for Use

(1) Blood Collection Needle for Single Use

The Blood Collection Needle for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood.

(2) Safety Blood Collection Needle for Single Use   
The Safety Blood Collection Needle for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. The safety shield is intended to aid in the protection against accidental needle stick injury. (3) Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use   
The Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood.

(4) Safety Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use The Safety Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. The safety shield is intended to aid in the protection against accidental needle stick injury.

# (5) Blood Collection Set for Single Use

The Blood Collection Set for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube

for multiple collections of venous blood.

(6) Safety Blood Collection Set for Single Use   
The Safety Blood Collection Set for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. The safety shield is intended to aid in the protection against accidental needle stick injury. (7) Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use   
The Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. (8) Safety Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use   
The Safety Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. The safety shield is intended to aid in the protection against accidental needle stick injury.

6. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device   
Page 6 of 11   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ComparisonItem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subjective Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(K172763)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remark</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code: JKAClass: II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code: JKAClass: ⅡI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Blood CollectionNeedle/ The BloodCollection Needle withHolder/ The BloodCollection Set/ The BloodCollection Set with Holderfor Single Use is intendedto be used with vacuumblood collection tube formultiple collections ofvenous blood.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Blood CollectionNeedle/ The BloodCollection Needle withHolder/ The BloodCollection Set/ The BloodCollection Set with Holderis intended to be used withvacuum blood collectiontube for multiple collectionsof venous blood.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Safety BloodCollection Needle/ TheSafety Blood CollectionNeedle with Holder/ The</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Safety BloodCollection Needle/ TheSafety Blood CollectionNeedle with Holder/ The</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td>Comparison Item</td><td>Subjective Device</td><td>Predicate Device (K172763)</td><td>Remark</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Safety Blood Collection Set/ The Safety Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. The safety shield is intended to aid in the protection against accidental needle stick injury.</td><td>Safety Blood Collection Set/ The Safety Blood Collection Set with Holder is intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tube for multiple collections of venous blood. The safety shield is intended to aid in the protection against accidental needle stick injury.</td><td></td></tr></table>

Page 7 of 11   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="15">Materials ofDifferent DeviceParts</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blood collection tube formultiple collections of</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tube for multiple collectionsof venous blood. The safety</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">venous blood. The safetyshield is intended to aid inthe protection againstaccidental needle stickinjury.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">shield is intended to aid inthe protection againstaccidental needle stickinjury.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Cap (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protective cover ofPatient-end Needle/Protective cover ofNon-Patient-end Needle(PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Sleeve(Polyisoprene Rubber)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rubber Sleeve (NaturalRubber)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different(Comment #1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Hub (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patient-end Needle Hub/Non-Patient end Hub (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Tube (SUS304)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patient-end Needle/Non-Patient end Needle(Stainless Steel)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Hub withSafety-Shield (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety-Shield (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Holder (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Holder (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butterfly Wings (PVC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Double Wing (PVC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tubing (PVC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flexible Tube (PVC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Hub-Female (ABS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conical Fitting Connector(ABS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Hub-Male (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conical Fitting (ABS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different(Comment #2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Cover (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protective Cover (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety Shield (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety Shield (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gauge Size andNeedle Length</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18G, 20G, 21G, 22G, 23G,25GNeedle Length:1 1/2", 3/4"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18G~23G, 25GNeedle Length:5/8", 3/4", 1", 1 1/4", 11/2", 1 3/4", 2"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different(Comment #3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operate Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterile Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EO sterilized</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EO sterilized</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ComparisonItem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subjective Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(K172763)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remark</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Biocompatibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conforms to therequirement of ISO 10993series Standards</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conforms to therequirement of ISO 10993series Standards</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No cytotoxicity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No cytotoxicity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No irritation to skin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No irritation to skin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No significant evidence ofsterilization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No significant evidence ofsterilization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No systemic toxicity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No systemic toxicity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No hemolysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No hemolysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No pyrogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No pyrogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PerformanceSafety &amp;Effectiveness</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conforms with therequirements of ISO 7864and ISO 9626</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conforms with therequirements of ISO 7864and ISO 9626</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Discussion

The subject devices are similar to the predicate device K172763 in design, indications for use, sterilization, method of operation and technological characteristics. The biocompatibility of both devices has been ensured by relevant ISO 10993 standards, which ensures that the subject device will be as safe for use as the predicate device.

# Comment #1

The difference between subject device and predicate device is the materials of rubber sleeve. However, the biocompatibility test for the subject device has been tested and the results comply with the requirements of ISO 10993. Therefore, this difference is not determined to affect substantial equivalence on safety and effectiveness.

# Comment #2

The difference between subject device and predicate device is the materials of needle hub-male. However, the biocompatibility test for the subject device has been tested and the results comply with the requirements of ISO 10993. Therefore, this difference is not determined to affect

substantial equivalence on safety and effectiveness.

# Comment #3

In addition, the needle gauge and length of between the subjective device and predicate device is different. However, the difference is just in dimension. Different gauge and length device will be selected by the end user. This difference does not affect raise new or different questions of safety or effectiveness. Both the subject and the predicate device were tested to the same performance standards (ISO 7864 and ISO 9626).

# 7. Discussion of Test Performed

# 7.1. Clinical Tests

Clinical testing was not performed for the subject device as part of the submission.

# 7.2. Non-Clinical Tests

The subject device was tested/analyzed according to the following standards in order to ensure its effectiveness and safety:

(1) Biocompatibility The products are considered blood path, indirect for a duration of less than 24 hours, the biocompatibility is according to:   
 ISO 10993-4: Third Edition 2017-04. Biological Evaluation Of Medical Devices - Part 4: Selection Of Tests For Interactions With Blood;   
ANSI AAMI ISO 10993-5:2009/(R)2014, Biological Evaluation Of Medical Devices - Part 5: Tests For In Vitro Cytotoxicity;   
 ANSI AAMI ISO 10993-10:2010/(R)2014, Biological Evaluation Of Medical Devices - Part 10: Tests For Irritation And Skin Sensitization;   
 ISO 10993-11: Third Edition 2017-09, Biological Evaluation Of Medical Devices - Part 11: Tests For Systemic Toxicity;

(2) Physical, Mechanical, Chemical testing performed on the subjective device: Performance safety and effectiveness according to ISO 7864 Fourth Edition 2016-08-01,

Sterile Hypodermic Needles For Single Use Requirements And Test Methods:

Cleanliness Limits for acidity or alkalinity Limits for extractable metals  Size designation  Colour coding  Needle hub  Needle cap Needle tube  Needle point  Bond between hub and needle tube •  Patency of lumen

Performance safety and effectiveness according to ISO 9626 Second Edition 2016-08-01,

Stainless Steel Needle Tubing For The Manufacture Of Medical Devices - Requirements And

Test Methods:

Limits for acidity or alkalinity Surface finish and visual appearance Cleanliness Size designation Dimensions Stiffness Resistance to breakage Resistance to corrosion

Performance safety and effectiveness according to ISO 80369-7 First Edition 2016-10-15,

Small-Bore Connectors For Liquids And Gases In Healthcare Applications - Part 7:

Connectors For Intravascular Or Hypodermic Applications:

Leakage by pressure decay Positive pressure liquid leakage

Sub-atmospheric pressure air leakage   
Stress cracking   
Resistance to separation from axial load   
Resistance to separation from unscrewing   
Resistance to overriding   
(3) Additional performance safety and effectiveness for the Blood Collection Needle for Single Use/ Safety Blood Collection Needle for Single Use/ Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use/ Safety Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use/ Blood Collection Set for Single Use/ Safety Blood Collection Set for Single Use/ Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use/ Safety Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use:   
Risk Management Report to ISO 14971: 2019 Sharps Injury Protection Test Report to ISO 23908: 2011

# 7.3. Simulated Clinical Use Study

A simulated clinical use study was performed on proposed device according to FDA Guidance, Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff: Medical Device with Sharps Injury Prevention Feature, issued on August 9, 2005 to evaluate the safety mechanism of the proposed device. The results demonstrated that the proposed device met the pre-established criteria.

# 8. Conclusion

The differences between the predicate and the subject device do not raise any new or different questions of safety or effectiveness. Based on the comparison above and the non-clinical bench testing conducted, the subject device is determined to be Substantiality Equivalent (SE) to the predicate devices cleared under K172763 with respect to the indications for use, target populations, treatment method, and technological characteristics.