Abbott Diabetes Care Inc.   
Naveen Thuramalla   
Divisional Vice President, Regulatory Affairs 1360 South Loop Road   
Alameda, California 94502

Re: K212132 Trade/Device Name: FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1355 Regulation Name: Integrated Continuous Glucose Monitoring System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QLG Dated: April 8, 2022 Received: April 11, 2022

Dear Naveen Thuramalla:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicological Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Freetyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe) The FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System is a real time continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) device with alarms capability indicated for the management of diabetes in persons age 4 and older. It is intended to replace blood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions, unless otherwise indicated.

The System also detects trends and tracks patterns and aids in the detection of episodes of hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia, facilitating both acute and long-term therapy adjustments. Interpretation of the System readings should be based on the glucose trends and several sequential readings over time.

The System is also intended to autonomously communicate with digitally connected devices. The System can be used alone or in conjunction with these digitally connected devices where the user manually controls actions for therapy decisions.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

510(k) Number: K212132

# Submitter

Abbott Diabetes Care, Inc. 1360 South Loop Road Alameda, CA 94502

Contact: Naveen Thuramalla   
Title: Divisional Vice President, Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: (510) 239-2618   
Fax: (510) 864-4791

Date Prepared: May 16, 2022

# Device Names and Classification

Name of Device:

FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System

Common Name:

Integrated Continuous Glucose Monitoring System, Factory Calibrated, Not for use with automated insulin delivery systems

Regulatory Section:

21 CFR 862.1355

Classification:

Class II

Product Code(s):

QLG

Review Panel:

Clinical Chemistry

# Predicate Device

Predicate Device:

# FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System (with FreeStyle Libre 2 App) (K201761)

The predicate device has not been subject to a recall

# Indications for Use

Indications for Use

The FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System is a real time continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) device with alarms capability indicated for the management of diabetes in persons age 4 and older. It is intended to replace blood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions, unless otherwise indicated.

The System also detects trends and tracks patterns and aids in the detection of episodes of hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia, facilitating both acute and long-term therapy adjustments. Interpretation of the System readings should be based on the glucose trends and several sequential readings over time.

The System is also intended to autonomously communicate with digitally connected devices. The System can be used alone or in conjunction with these digitally connected devices where the user manually controls actions for therapy decisions.

# Contraindication

Automated Insulin Dosing: The System must not be used with automated insulin dosing (AID) systems, including closed loop and insulin suspend systems. MRI/CT/Diathermy: The System must be removed prior to Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Computed Tomography (CT) scan, or high-frequency electrical heat (diathermy) treatment. The effect of MRI, CT scans, or diathermy on the performance of the System has not been evaluated. The exposure may damage the Sensor and may impact proper function of the device which could cause incorrect readings.

# Device Description

The FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (herein referred to as the ‘FreeStyle Libre 3 System’ or ‘System’) is an integrated continuous glucose monitoring system (iCGM) that provides real time continuous glucose measurements every minute to provide glucose levels, trends, and alarms. The System requires a prescription and is intended for home use. The System consists of the following components: a Sensor which transmits via Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), and a mobile application, FreeStyle Libre 3 App, downloaded to a compatible smartphone running iOS operating system. The FreeStyle Libre 3 System provides the user with real-time glucose measurements (glucose values) accompanied by trend information (glucose arrows) and historical glucose information (glucose graph). The user may make treatment decisions based in part on the Sensor glucose results provided by the System. The System also provides fixed and configurable alarms designed to warn the user of Low Glucose, High Glucose, or Signal Loss.

FreeStyle Libre 3 Sensor

The Sensor is single use, disposable, and powered by a silver oxide battery. The Sensor is provided through a Sensor Applicator (which includes an electron beam sterilized sub-component) which is used to apply the Sensor to the back of the user’s arm. The Sensor continuously measures glucose concentration in interstitial fluid and has a 14- day memory capacity. The Sensor is factory calibrated, does not require fingerstick calibration, and can be worn for up to 14 days.

FreeStyle Libre 3 App (iOS)

The FreeStyle Libre 3 App design, functionality and user interface is based on the FreeStyle Libre 2 iOS App of the predicate device. When downloaded to a compatible iPhone, the FreeStyle Libre 3 App uses Near Field Communication to start new Sensors and BLE communication to display glucose data and issue alarms based on the measurements calculated by the Sensor. As a mobile application, the FreeStyle Libre 3 App allows connectivity with cloud-based applications. The FreeStyle Libre 3 App is distributed using the Apple App Store and a list of compatible devices is accessible in the App via the Help feature or product website.

Substantial Equivalence

A. Predicate Device Name

FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System (with FreeStyle Libre 2 App)

B. Predicate 510(k) Number(s)

K201761

# C. Comparison with Predicate

The similarities and differences between the subject and the predicate device are highlighted in the tables below.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device: FreeStyle Libre 3Continuous Glucose MonitoringSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: FreeStyle Libre 2Flash Glucose Monitoring System(with FreeStyle Libre 2 App)(K201761)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The System is intended to monitorinterstitial fluid glucose concentrationsand communicate with digitallyconnected devices for the purpose ofmanaging a disease or condition relatedto glycemic control.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated CGM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometric measurement of currentproportional to glucose concentration ininterstitial fluid via glucose oxidasechemical reaction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 to 400 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Management of diabetes mellitus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended UsePopulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Persons with diabetes age 4 and older</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Setting/Sitesof Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Home use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Displayed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Current glucose value, current glucosetrend, graph with recent glucosehistory, user entered events</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method of SensorActivation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near Field Communication (NFC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WirelessCommunicationProtocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFC: 13.56 MHz RFIDBluetooth Low Energy (BLE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor GlucoseAlgorithm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADC Glucose Algorithm establishedfor the predicate device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose ReadingUpdate Interval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Every 1 minute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose History</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graph and other reports can be used toview logged data</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose TrendArrows</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">↑, &gt; +2 mg/dL/min7, +1 to +2 mg/dL/min→, -1 to +1 mg/dL/min1, -2 to -1 mg/dL/min↓, &lt; -2 mg/dL/min</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Situations whereFingerstick Test isRequired to ConfirmSensor Reading(Adjunctive Use)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The user's symptoms do not match theglucose values displayed by thedevice.The device does not show a glucosevalueDuring the first 12 hours of wearduring which the check blood glucoseicon is displayed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mandatory Alarms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Alarms: Urgent Low GlucoseSystem Alarms: Replace Sensor,Sensor Ended, Check Sensor, AppStoppedThese alarms are mandatory (set to'On') and cannot be turned off ormodified by the user. It will alwayssound regardless of the phone soundand vibe or Do Not Disturb settings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameNote: The Check Sensor condition ischecked during the NFC scan, anddetects when a Sensor has not beenactivated.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optional Alarms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Alarms: Low Glucose Alarm,High Glucose Alarm;System Alarm: Signal Loss Alarm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Glucose Meter(BGM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">While using the App, user must haveaccess to a blood glucose monitoringsystem as the App does not provideone.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method ofCommunication andConnectivity withCloud-basedApplications for theApp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">App can communicate wirelessly toLibreView. Through LibreView, cancommunicate to LibreLinkUp App</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatibility withConnected Devices</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible with digitally connecteddevices where the user manuallycontrols actions for therapy decisions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CompatibleOperating Systemsand HardwarePlatform for the App</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible with Apple iOS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factory Calibrated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible SensorWarmup time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible SensorLife</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 14 days (automatic Sensor shutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Differences</td></tr><tr><td>Device</td><td>Subject Device: FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System</td><td>Predicate Device: FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System (with FreeStyle Libre 2 App) (K201761)</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>The FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System is a real time continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) device with alarms capability indicated for the management of diabetes in persons age 4 and older. It is intended to replace blood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions, unless otherwise indicated. The System also detects trends and tracks patterns and aids in the detection of episodes of hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia, facilitating both acute and long-term therapy adjustments. Interpretation of the System readings should be based on the glucose trends and several sequential readings over time. The System is also intended to autonomously communicate with digitally connected devices. The System can be used alone or in conjunction with these digitally connected devices where the user digitally connected devices where the user manually controls actions for therapy manually controls actions for therapy</td><td>The FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System is a continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) device with real time alarms capability indicated for the management of diabetes in persons age 4 and older. It is intended to replace blood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions, unless otherwise indicated. The System also detects trends and tracks patterns and aids in the detection of episodes of hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia, facilitating both acute and long-term therapy adjustments. Interpretation of the System readings should be based on the glucose trends and several sequential readings over time. The System is also intended to autonomously communicate with digitally connected devices. The System can be used alone or in conjunction with these</td></tr><tr><td>System Components</td><td>decisions. On-body Sensor (No Sensor Applicator assembly required by user prior to applying the Sensor) FreeStyle Libre 3 App</td><td>decisions. On-body Sensor (User assembles Sensor Applicator and Sensor Container prior to applying the Sensor) FreeStyle Libre 2 App or FreeStyle Libre</td></tr><tr><td>Primary display device</td><td>FreeStyle Libre 3 App (iOS)</td><td>2 Reader FreeStyle Libre 2 App (iOS) or FreeStyle Libre 2 Reader</td></tr><tr><td>Sensor Dimension</td><td>2.9 mm height / 21 mm diameter</td><td>5 mm height / 30 mm diameter</td></tr><tr><td>Location of Glucose Algorithm</td><td>Sensor</td><td>Receiver (Reader or App)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device: FreeStyle Libre 3Continuous Glucose Monitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: FreeStyle Libre 2Flash Glucose Monitoring System (withFreeStyle Libre 2 App) (K201761)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method of DataTransfer fromSensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE). Dataautomatically transfers without userinitiated scan (streaming data).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BLE for glucose data transfer to issuealarms. User-initiated scan via NFCrequired to display glucose data</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BLECommunicationRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33 feet unobstructed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 feet unobstructed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Informationprovided withGlucose Alarm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alarm type, glucose result and trendarrow</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alarm type</td></tr></table>

# Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

Amperometric measurement of glucose concentration (via glucose oxidase chemical reaction) in the interstitial fluid is the technological principle for both the subject and predicate devices. The Sensor is held in place with an adhesive pad and incorporates a subcutaneously implanted sensor component and associated electronics. The electrochemical sensor component uses glucose oxidase enzyme to oxidize glucose and transfer electrons to an electrode, producing a current. The strength of the current is proportional to the amount of glucose present in the subcutaneous space. The Sensor converts the electrical current signal to a glucose value (in $\mathrm { m g / d L ) }$ ) for display to the user on the App.

At a high-level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following technological elements:

• Compatibility with system-specific Sensor   
• Use of BLE interfaces for wireless communication with the Sensor   
• Use of NFC interface for starting new Sensors   
• Use of software algorithm for conversion of the raw glucose measurements from the Sensor to calculate glucose results Inclusion of software interface to wirelessly communicate with authorized cloud-based applications (App only for the predicate)

The following technological differences exist between the subject and predicate devices:

• The predicate device requires NFC interface for scanning Sensors to display glucose readings.   
• Glucose alarms with the subject device includes trend arrow and glucose reading; the predicate device only displays the alarm type and the user is required to scan the Sensor to view the glucose result.

# Summary of Performance Testing

The following performance characteristics were confirmed to support substantial equivalence:

Sterility – Electron beam sterilization validation of the Sensor Applicator, which contains the introducer needle and sensor tail, was performed per ISO11137-1 and ISO 11137-2. Sterilization validation confirmed that the Sterility Assurance Level (SAL) of $1 0 ^ { - 6 }$ is achieved with the minimum sterilization dose of $2 5 \mathrm { k G y }$ . The sterilization dose was established by the VDmax25 method described in ISO 11137-2.

Shelf-Life, Packaging Integrity, and Shipping – Device shelf life and packaging integrity over the shelf life was demonstrated by subjecting test units to worst case sealing parameters, sterilization parameters, and shipping configuration. Units were also conditioned through a worst case sequence of storage, handling and transit challenges prior to testing. Attributes related to seal integrity, user accessibility, and device functionality including sterile barrier system integrity met acceptance criteria.

Electrical Safety - The basic safety and essential performance of the FreeStyle Libre 3 System was conducted to demonstrate compliance to IEC 60601-1: 2005(r)2012, IEC 60601-1-6:2010+A1:2013, and IEC 60601-1-11:2015.

Electromagnetic Compatibility – Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) testing was performed for the FreeStyle Libre 3 System to verify that the system is able to withstand the electromagnetic interference and emissions in compliance with IEC 60601-1-2 and IEC CISPR 11. Wireless coexistence testing was performed to confirm that the subject device remains functional and perform within acceptable limits while in the presence of common radiating electronic devices in accordance with FDA Guidance “Radio Frequency Wireless Technology in Medical Devices.” The subject device underwent coexistence testing consistent with AAMI TIR69 and ANSI C63.27 and included test challenges from in-band interference sources defined in ANSI C63.27 as well as other expected wireless interference sources from the intended use environment. The FreeStyle Libre 3 System also successfully demonstrated compliance with Federal Communication Commission (FCC) Regulations Part 15.225 and Part 15.247, and Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Advisory Circular RTCA DO-160.

Mechanical Engineering – The subject device underwent performance testing at the System level as well as on individual components of the Sensor Applicator. The test results showed that mechanical, electrical, and functional testing all met the acceptance criteria.

Biocompatibility – Biocompatibility evaluation and testing in accordance with ISO10993-1 and FDA Guidance “Use of International Standard ISO 10993-1, “Biological evaluation of medical devices Part 1: Evaluation and testing within a risk management process,” was performed to demonstrate biocompatibility of the device.

Software Verification and Validation – Software verification and validation testing was conducted in accordance with established specifications and IEC 62304 and documentation was provided as recommended by FDA Guidance “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” Results of executed protocols met the acceptance criteria and therefore support that the System’s embedded software is acceptable for its intended use.

Cybersecurity – ADC has provided cybersecurity risk management documentation for the System that includes analysis of confidentiality, integrity, and availability for data, information and software related to the System accordance with FDA Draft Guidance “Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices.” For each identified threat and vulnerability risk event scenario, risk assessment of impact to confidentiality integrity, and availability was performed and documented within the cybersecurity risk management documentation. Appropriate risk mitigation controls have been implemented and tested.

Clinical Performance –ADC conducted a bridging clinical study to demonstrate comparability of the performance of the FreeStyle Libre 3 System to the predicate FreeStyle Libre 2 System, cleared under K201761. The subject device calculates glucose information identically to the predicate device, and the combined System accuracy of the FreeStyle Libre 3 System and FreeStyle Libre 2 System met the iCGM special controls requirements per 21 CFR 862.1355.

Human Factors – ADC conducted a risk analysis of the design and user interface in accordance with ANSI/AAMI/IEC 62366, IEC 60601-1-6, and FDA Guidance “Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices.” The analysis demonstrated that the design changes implemented for the subject device meet usability requirements for its intended use.

Interoperability – The subject device incorporated an approach for interoperability developed in alignment with FDA Guidance “Design Considerations and Pre-market Submission Recommendations for Interoperable Medical Devices.”

# Conclusion

The FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System has the identical intended use and clinical application as the predicate device. The differences in technological characteristics have been addressed through risk control measures to provide reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the FreeStyle Libre 3 System. System performance testing confirmed that the device met all specified criteria, which supports that the System provides accurate, secure, and reliable glucose readings in accordance with the iCGM special controls. Based on the performance testing and data provided in this pre-market notification, the subject device and predicate device have been shown to be substantially equivalent.