Co-Innovation Biotech Co., Ltd.   
Hong Feng   
Product Manager   
No. 9 Baihe 3 Street, Economic And Technological Development East Zone Guangzhou, Guangdong 510507   
China

Re: K213808 Trade/Device Name: Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Strip, CoInnovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Cassette ,CoInnovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Midstream Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1155 Regulation Name: Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LCX Dated: December 6, 2021 Received: December 6, 2021

Dear Hong Feng:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K213808

Device Name Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Strip Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Cassette Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Midstream

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Strip is an in vitro diagnostic visual qualitative immunochromatographic assay designed for the rapid determination of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in urine to aid in the early detection of pregnancy. It is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use.

The Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Cassette is an in vitro diagnostic visual qualitative immunochromatographic assay designed for the rapid determination of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in urine to aid in the early detection of pregnancy. It is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use.

The Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Midstream is an in vitro diagnostic visual qualitative immunochromatographic assay designed for the rapid determination of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in urine to aid in the early detection of pregnancy. It is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Co-Innovation Biotech Co.,Ltd.

# Section 5 - 510(k) Summary

Date of Summary Preparation: 31/03/2022

# 1. Submitter's Identifications

Submitter: Co-Innovation Biotech Co.,Ltd.   
Address: No. 9 Baihe 3 Street, Economic And Technological Development East Zone, Guangzhou, P.R. China   
Contact Person: Hong Feng   
Contact Email Address: fenghongfda@126.com   
Telephone: + 86 -20-62867285   
Fax: + 86 -20-62867285

# 2. Correspondent’s Identifications

Correspondent’s Name: Co-Innovation Biotech Co.,Ltd.   
Address: No. 9 Baihe 3 Street, Economic And Technological Development East Zone, Guangzhou, P.R. China   
Contact Person: Hong Feng   
Contact Email Address: fenghongfda $@$ 126.com   
Telephone: + 86 -20-62867285   
Fax: + 86 -20-62867285

# 3. Name of the Device

Recommended classification regulation: 21 CFR 862.1155   
Device class: ClassⅡ   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75)   
Product code: LCX   
Common Name:Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test

Proprietary names:

Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Strip Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Cassette Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Midstream

# 4. The Predicate Devices

K132085

One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test

# 5. Device Description

The subject device One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test is identical to the previous cleared version of the device with the same name (K132085). The purpose of this special 510(k) submission is to expand shelf-life from 2 years to 3 years, the device itself has not changed.

Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test is a rapid sandwich

# Co-Innovation Biotech Co.,Ltd.

immunoassay device designed for the qualitative determination of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) concentration in human urine samples, as an aid in the early detection of pregnancy. The test devices are in three different formats: Strip,Cassette and Midstream . Three test formats use identical strips and each test strip in the device consists of:

1. A conjugate pad contains colloidal gold conjugated with mouse monoclonal anti- $\beta$ -HCG antibody specific to the beta subunit of hCG.

2. A nitrocellulose membrane which is striped with the mouse monoclonal anti-α-HCG antibody in the test line (T line) and goat anti-mouse IgG polyclonal antibody in the control line (C line).

The Cassette format has the same performance specifications as the Test Strip format. The difference is that the urine sample is dispensed by dropper onto the sample well on the cassette.

The Midstream format has the same performance specifications as the Test Strip format. The difference is that the device is placed into the urine stream or dipped into the urine collection cup for 5 seconds.

# 6. Intended Use of Device

The Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Strip is an in vitro diagnostic visual qualitative immunochromatographic assay designed for the rapid determination of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in urine to aid in the early detection of pregnancy. It is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use.

The Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Cassette is an in vitro diagnostic visual qualitative immunochromatographic assay designed for the rapid determination of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in urine to aid in the early detection of pregnancy. It is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use.

The Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test Midstream is an in vitro diagnostic visual qualitative immunochromatographic assay designed for the rapid determination of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in urine to aid in the early detection of pregnancy. It is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use.

# 7. Comparison to Predicate Devices:

A summary comparison of features of the Co-Innovation One Step Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) Test and the predicate devices is provided in the following Table：

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Item                   Subject device          Predicate (K132085)           Remark</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection ofhuman        chorionicgonadotropin (&quot;HCG&quot;)in urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection ofhuman       chorionicgonadotropin (&quot;HCG&quot;)in urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Users</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Over the Counter (OTC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Over the Counter(OTC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NitrocelluloseMembrane,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NitrocelluloseMembrane,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Co-Innovation Biotech Co.,Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gold Spray Fiber,Glass fiber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gold Spray Fiber,Glass fiber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25mIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25mIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Read time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 ~ 30 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 ~ 30 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colloidal GoldImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colloidal GoldImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WHO 3rd IS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WHO 3rd IS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip,cassette,midstream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip,cassette,midstream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonalanti-β-HCG antibody ,monoclonal anti-α-HCGantibody, goat antimouse IgG polyclonalantibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonalanti-β-HCG antibody ,monoclonalanti-α-HCG antibody,goat anti mouse IgGpolyclonal antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 Years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2Years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td></tr></table>

# Remark:

1、 The subject devices have all features of the predicate device except the Shelf-life. The subject device have performed the Stability Study.This differences do not affect the performance characteristics of the subject devices.

# 8. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

Guidance for Over-the Counter (OTC) Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) 510(k)s

# 9. Test principles:

The assay tests the human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG) qualitatively in the urine specimen, using the double antibody sandwich method. Each test device contains mouse monoclonal anti- $\boldsymbol { \cdot } \boldsymbol { \beta }$ -HCG antibody colloidal gold conjugate pre-dried on a pad.Mouse monoclonal anti- $\mathfrak { a }$ -HCG antibody (on the Test Line) and goat anti mouse IgG polyclonal antibody (on the Control Line) are coated and immobilized on a Nitrocellulose membrane. During the test procedures, the intact hCG in the urine specimen reacts with the dye conjugate (mouse anti- $\boldsymbol { \cdot } \boldsymbol { \beta }$ -HCG antibody-colloidal gold conjugate specific to the beta subunit of hCG) and form Ag-Abβ-Au complexes. Because of capillary and chromatographic effects of the Nitrocellulose membrane, the complexes migrate along the membrane to the $\mathfrak { a }$ -HCG antibody line (T), form Abα-Ag-Abβ-Au complexes and remain captured in the $\mathrm { T }$ line. As a result a red colored band develops in $\mathrm { T }$ and the result is positive. If there is no HCG in the urine, there is no red band in the Test zone, indicating negative result. No matter if there’s HCG in the urine specimen, when the complexes migrate along the Control zone, a red band must be developed in the C zone.

# Co-Innovation Biotech Co.,Ltd.

# 10.Antibody Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The  biologicalsource</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The location</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific target antigen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonalanti-β-HCG antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate pad</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificto thebetasubunit of hCG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonalanti-α-HCG antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrocellulosemembrane</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific to thealphasubunit of hCG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>goat anti mouse IgGpolyclonal antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Goat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrocellulosemembrane</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# 11. Stability Study Data:

# 11.1 The methods of the testing:

Take 9 lots HCG tests, with the lot numbers 101180301,101180302,101180303, 101180301C, 101180302C,101180303C101180301M,101180302M,101180303M, place them at $4 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ and $3 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ for 42 months, then make the study of the physical testing, positive reference conformity rate, negative reference conformity rate, sensitivity, and precision based on the manufacturer inner Reference Panel.

# 11.2 Conclusion

The information provided supports that the devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate.

--- End of this section ---