August 29, 2022

SB-Kawasumi Laboratories, Inc.   
$\%$ Valerie Followell   
Official Correspondent for Kawasumi Laboratories, Inc. / Regulatory Consultant Regulatory Compliance Associates, Inc. (RCA)   
10411 Corporate Drive, Suite 102   
Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin 53158

Re: K220799 Trade/Device Name: K-SHIELD Zen Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA, FMI Dated: July 29, 2022 Received: August 1, 2022

Dear Valerie Followell:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

David Wolloscheck, Ph.D.   
For Payal Patel   
Assistant Director   
DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors   
OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>K220799</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>K-SHIELD Zen</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenolctiotitat veror ncl time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gatherand maintain thedata needed and coplete an review the colectioninformation Send comments regarding this burden estimate r anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# K220799 510(k) Summary

# I. SUBMITTER

Sponsor/Manufacturer   
SB-KAWASUMI LABORATORIES, INC. 3-25-4 Tonomachi,   
Kawasaki-ku, Kawasaki-shi,   
Kanagawa 210-8602, Japan   
Tel:+81- 44-589-9750   
Fax:+81-44-589-9768

US Contact and Official Correspondent for SB-KAWASUMI LABORATORIES, INC.

Valerie Followell   
Official Correspondent   
Regulatory Compliance Associates®, Inc. 10411 Corporate Drive, Suite 102   
Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin 53158   
Phone: (847) 400-6187   
Email: v.followell@rcainc.com

# II. DEVICE

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade/Proprietary Name:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K-SHIELD Zen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Common or Usual Name:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Specimen Collection Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Classification Name:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tubes, Vials, Systems, Serum Separators, Blood Collection</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Regulatory Classification:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Classification Regulation:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1675</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JKA - Blood Specimen Collection DeviceFMI - Needle, Hypodermic, Single Lumen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submission Type:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification Panel:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Hospital</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate Device:</td><td>BD VACUTAINER Push Button Blood Collection Set (K011984)</td></tr></table>

# IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The K-SHIELD Zen is a winged blood collection set consisting with a cannula, flexible tube, connection parts and the Press Button anti-needle stick protector designed to minimize accidental needlestick injuries when accessing peripheral veins to collect patient blood. The Press Button anti-needle stick protector stores the needle within the housing when the activation button is pressed after blood collection procedure.

This product has a variety of Needle gauge sizes (21G, 23G, 25G) and a lineup of 3 types of connection parts, Luer connector (PBM), Multiple Sample Luer Adapter (PBMA) and Preattached Holder (PBMH). During blood collection, the Luer connector is connected to a syringe. Multiple Sample Luer Adapter and Pre-attached holder are connected to vacuum blood collection tubes / blood culture bottles to obtain multiple samples. The different configurations (connection options) are chosen by the user based on facility blood collection procedure.

The mechanism of action for the device, all configurations, is blood collection using syringes or vacuum blood collection tubes / blood culture bottles to assist the user with obtaining blood from a patient.

The device is intended for the Adult population only. Do not use in pediatric age groups, including newborn, neonate, or children.

The K-SHIELD Zen is a single use, disposable Ethylene Oxide Sterilized medical device. Sterilization Validation was conducted per ISO 11135: 2014 – Sterilization of Health-Care Products – Ethylene Oxide –Requirements for the Development, Validation, and Routine Control of a Sterilization Process for Medical Devices.

The K-SHIELD Zen is considered blood path, indirect, limited contact $( < 2 4$ hours) per ISO 10993-1: 2018 - Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices – Part 1: Evaluation and Testing within a Risk Management Process. All device materials comply with ISO 10993-1.

The K-SHIELD Zen is a sterile, single-use device that consists of the following components:

Winged needle with Press Button Anti-needle Stick Protector • Main Tube • Clip • Connector Tube

Luer Connector • Locking Cap (optional) • Multiple Sample Luer Adapter (optional) • Pre-attached Holder (optional)

The K-SHIELD Zen is intended for use at healthcare facilities or in hospitals.

# V. INTENDED USE

K-SHIELD Zen is designed for accessing peripheral veins to collect blood. The Press Button antineedle stick protector is an integral safety device intended to minimize accidental needlestick injuries.

# VI. INDICATIONS FOR USE

K-SHIELD Zen is designed for accessing peripheral veins to collect blood. The Press Button antineedle stick protector is an integral safety device intended to minimize accidental needlestick injuries.

# VII. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

The comparison of the similarities and differences between the K-SHIELD Zen (subject device) and the BD VACUTAINER Push Button Blood Collection Set (K011984) (predicate device) is provided in the Substantial Equivalence (SE) Comparison Table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Substantial Equivalence (SE) Comparison Table</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-SHIELD Zen(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD VACUTAINER Push Button BloodCollection Set (K011984)(Predicate Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same/Similarities/Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SB-KAWASUMI LABORATORIES, INC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Becton Dickinson</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Trade orProprietaryName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-SHIELD Zen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD VACUTAINER Push Button BloodCollection Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K220799</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K011984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JKA and FMI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FMI and JKA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1675</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 880.557021 CFR 862.1675</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-SHIELD Zen is designed foraccessing peripheral veins to collectblood. The Press Button anti-needlestick protector is an integral safetydevice intended to minimize</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD VACUTAINER Push ButtonBlood Collection Set is a sterile,multiple-sample, single-use wingedblood collection set intended forvenipuncture to obtain blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Different. Thedifference in wordingof Indications for usedoes not raise anynew or differentquestions of safetyand effectiveness.</td></tr></table>

Page 05-4   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">accidental needlestick injuries.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">specimens from patients. Therecommended use of the device is toactivate the needle prior to removalfrom the venipuncture site. Theretraction of the intravenous (IV) endof the needle aids in the preventionof needlestick injury.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The K-SHIELD Zen is a sterile, single usewinged blood collection setconsisting with cannula, flexibletube, connection parts and the PressButton anti-needle stick protectordesigned to minimize accidentalneedlestick injuries when accessingperipheral veins to collect patientblood. The Press Button anti-needlestick protector stores the needlewithin the housing when theactivation button is pressed afterblood collection procedure.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BD VACUTAINER Push ButtonBlood Collection Set is for venousblood collection. The wing setcontains a needle that will retractinto the body of the device when abutton is depressed, helping toprevent accidental needle sticks. Theretraction of the needle occurswhen the user depressesthe button.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Press ButtonFeature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-Needle StickPrevention</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color-CodedWing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stainless Steel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stainless Steel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle GaugeDiameter OD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21G, 23G, 25G</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21G, 23G, 25G</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NeedleDiameter ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ultra-Thin Wall</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thin Wall</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different. Thedifference in thediameter does notraise new or differentquestions of safetyand effectiveness.PerformanceTesting was</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">conducted todemonstratesubstantialequivalence.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle Protector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Information not available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different (assumed).Subject devicematerials complywith ISO 10993-1and have a longhistory of use inmedical deviceapplications.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle SheathCover</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoprene Rubber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoprene Rubber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyolefin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different. Thedifferent butcomparable materialof the wing does notraise new ordifferent questionsof safety andeffectiveness. Bothmaterials complywith ISO 10993-1and have a longhistory of use inmedical deviceapplications. Non-Clinical Testing wasconducted todemonstrate SE.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tubing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PVC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Female LuerConnector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luer AdaptorHub</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adhesive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heat Curing Epoxy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heat Curing Epoxy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Packaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Envelope Pouch</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blister Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different. Thedifferent butcomparablepackaging does notraise new ordifferent questionsof safety andeffectiveness. Non-Clinical Testing wasconducted todemonstrate SE.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials ComplywithISO 10993-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials comply withISO 10993-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials comply with ISO10993-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Pyrogenic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Pyrogenic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Pyrogenic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Toxic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Toxic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Toxic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription (Rx)or Over- theCounter(OTC) Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UseEnvironment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hospital / Clinic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hospital / Clinic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-Use Only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-Use Only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SterilityAssurance Level(SAL 10)6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAL 10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAL 10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SterilizationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylene Oxide Sterilization (EtO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gamma Radiation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different. Thedifference insterilization methoddoes not raise newor differentquestions of safetyand effectiveness.Product SterilityTesting wasconducted todemonstrate SE.</td></tr><tr><td>Shelf-Life</td><td>3 Year Shelf-Life</td><td>2 Year Shelf-Life</td><td>Different. The difference in Shelf- Life does not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness. Shelf- Life Testing</td></tr></table>

# VIII. SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE DATA AND PERFORMANCE TEST CONCLUSIONS

The following Performance Data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence (SE) determination.

<table><tr><td>Summary of Non-Clinical Bench Performance Testing</td></tr><tr><td>oC   </td></tr><tr><td> for a determination of substantial equivalence.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Cytotoxicity Sensitization</td><td>Hemocompatibility Pyrogenicity</td><td>The resuits or these Non- Clinical Bench Performance</td><td rowspan="5">equivalence determination.</td></tr><tr><td>Intracutaneous</td><td colspan="2">In Vitro Partial Thromboplastin Time (PTT) Test</td></tr><tr><td>• Reactivity</td><td></td><td>Data were provided in support of the substantial In Vitro Hemocompatibility Assessment by</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Systemic Toxicity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">FDA Recognized Testing Standards:</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">• ISO 10993-1:2018-Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices - Part 1: Evaluation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">and Testing Within a Risk Management Process ISO 10993-4:2017-Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices - Part 4: Selections</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">of Tests for Interactions with Blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">ISO 10993-5:2009-Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices - Part 5: Tests for In •</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Vitro Cytotoxicity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">ISO 10993-10:2010-Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices - Part 10: Tests for Irritation and Skin Sensitization</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">• ISO 10993-11:2017-Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices - Part 11: Tests for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Systemic Toxicity ASTM F756-17-Standard Practice for Assessment of Hemolytic Properties of</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Materials</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">• ASTM F2382-18 - Standard Test Method for Assessment of Circulating Blood-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Contacting Medical Device Materials on Partial Thromboplastin Time (PTT)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">ASTM F2888-19 - Standard Practice for Platelet Leukocyte Count-An In-Vitro</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Measure for Hemocompatibility Assessment of Cardiovascular Material</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">• USP General Chapter&lt;151&gt; Pyrogen Test (USP Rabbit Test), USP42-NF37</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Simulated Use Testing Simulated Use Testing Test Results: PASSED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">The results of these Non-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">FDA Recognized Standards Clinical Bench Performance ISO 23908:2011: Sharps Injury Protection-Requirements and Test Methods-Sharps Data were provided in Protection Features for Single-Use Hypodermic Needles, Introducers for Catheters, support of the substantial</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">CDRH issued, 2005</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">and Needles used for Blood Sampling equivalence determination. FDA Guidance document — Medical Devices with Sharps Injury Prevention Features,</td></tr></table>

# Functional Testing including:

False Sting Prevention Operation Check P Piercing Resistance Test

# Packaging Study including:

• Transportation • Packaging  Appearance  Seal Strength  Dye Test

 Bubble Test  Stability test

# Physical Testing (Including Stability Testing) including:

• Leakage • Tensile Strength • Bonding Strength

• Blood-Taking Needle • Tolerance on Length • Needle Point

# FDA Recognized Testing Standards:

• ISO 1135-3:2016 (Second Edition 2016-11) - Transfusion Equipment for Medical Use Part 3: Blood-Taking Sets for Single-Use   
• ISO 7864:2016 (Fourth Edition 2016-08-01) - Sterile Hypodermic Needles for SingleUse: Requirements and Test Methods   
• ISO 11607-1:2019 (E): Packaging for terminally sterilized medical devices-Part I: Requirements for materials, sterile barrier systems and packaging systems   
• ISO 11607-2:2019 (E): Packaging for terminally sterilized medical devices-Part 2: Validation Requirements for Forming, Sealing and Assembly process   
• ASTM D4169-16: Standard Practice for Performance Testing of Shipping Containers and Systems   
• ASTM F2096-11 Standard Test Method for Detecting Gross Leaks in Packaging by Internal Pressurization (Bubble Test)

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Needle Cover Strength Testing</td></tr><tr><td>Needle Cover Strength Testing In-House Testing Methods/Standards Utilized for:</td><td>Test Results: PASSED The results of these Non- Clinical Bench</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Needle Cover Strength Testing Performance Data • demonstrate that the needle cover strength met the applicable In-House Testing Method/Standard utilized for this device specific testing which is required per the FDA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">results were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination. ISO 9626:2016 Confirmation Testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">ISO 9626:2016 Testing including: Limits for acidity and alkalinity Resistance to breakage Test Results: PASSED Stiffness test Resistance to corrosion The results of these Non-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Clinical Bench FDA Recognized Standards Performance Data were ISO 9626:2016: Stainless Steel Needle Tubing for the Manufacture of Medical provided in support of the Devices-Requirements and Test Methods substantial equivalence determination.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">ISO 7864:2016 Patency of Lumen Testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">ISO 7864:2016 Testing including:Patency of LumenFDA Recognized StandardsISO 7864:2016: Sterile Hypodermic Needles for Single Use-Requirements and TestMethods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Results: PASSEDThe results of these Non-Clinical BenchPerformance Data wereprovided in support of thesubstantial equivalencedetermination.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">ISO 23908:2011 Confirmation Testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">ISO 23908:2011 Testing including:ISO 23908 Confirmation Test (Sphere Simulation)ISO 23908 Confirmation Test (Testing Simulated Clinical Use)ISO 23908 Confirmation Test (Challenging the Device in Safe Mode)ISO 23908 Confirmation Test (Testing Activation of a Sharps Injury ProtectionFeatureFDA Recognized StandardsISO 23908:2011: Sharps Injury Protection-Requirements and Test Methods-SharpsProtection Features for Single-Use Hypodermic Needles, Introducers for Catheters,and Needles used for Blood Sampling</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Test Results: PASSEDThe results of these Non-Clinical Bench PerformanceData were provided insupport of the substantialequivalence determination.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">ISO 80369-7:2016 Compliance Testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 80369-7:2016 Testing including:ISO 80369-7:2016 Compliance Test, Identification ofISO 80369-7 in Luer Connector (Accelerated 0Month/6 Months/3 Years)FDA Recognized StandardsISO 80369-7:2016: Small-Bore Connectors for Liquidsand Gases in Healthcare Applications-Part 7:Connectors for Intravascular or HypodermicApplications</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Test Results: PASSEDThe results of these Non-Clinical Bench PerformanceData were provided in support of the substantialequivalence determination.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Chemical Testing (Including Stability Testing)</td></tr><tr><td>Chemical Testing (Including Stability Testing)</td><td></td><td>Test Results: PASSED</td></tr><tr><td>•</td><td>Reducing Oxidizable Matter</td><td>The results of these Non-Clinical Bench Performance</td></tr><tr><td>•</td><td>Metal lons</td><td>Data were provided in support of the substantial</td></tr><tr><td>•</td><td>Titration Acidity or Alkalinity</td><td>equivalence determination.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Residue on Evaporation</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>UV Absorption of Extract Solution (UV)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>•</td><td>EtO Residuals</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">FDA Recognized Testing Standards:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">•</td><td>ISO 10993-7:2008 (Second Edition 2008-10-15) Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices - Part 7:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ethylene Oxide Sterilization Residuals</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>ISO 1135-3:2016 (Second Edition 2016-11) -</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Transfusion Equipment for Medical Use - Part 3:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Blood-Taking Sets for Single-Use</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Test Results: PASSED</td><td>Sterility Testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Sterility Testing</td><td>The results of these Non-Clinical Bench Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">FDA Recognized Testing Standards:</td><td>Data were provided in support of the substantial</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">USP General Chapter &lt;71&gt; Sterility Test, USP 43, NF-38 equivalence determination. CuC </td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">the device and demonstrate that the K-SHIELD Zen perorms as intended in the specified use conditions and coparably er eyeivees, an peoachVACTAIE s Buton ColSe () [preicatdeviwhiccreyarkeerhe mtenThereor his Non-l</td></tr></table>

# IX. OVERALL CONCLUSIONS

The differences between the predicate device and the subject device do not raise any new or different questions of safety or effectiveness. The K-SHIELD Zen is substantially equivalent to the BD VACUTAINER Push Button Blood Collection Set (K011984) with respect to indications for use, treatment method and technological characteristics.