# August 10, 2022

Anhui Hongyu Wuzhou Medical Manufacturer Co., Ltd. $\%$ Evan Hu   
Marketing & Technical Manager   
Shanghai Mind-link Consulting Co., Ltd.   
1399 Jiangyue Road, Minhang   
Shanghai, Shanghai 201114   
China

Re: K220900 Trade/Device Name: Safety Blood Collection Needles with/without Needle Holder Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA Dated: June 10, 2022 Received: July 11, 2022

Dear Evan Hu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

David Wolloscheck, Ph.D.   
For Payal Patel   
Assistant Director   
DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors   
OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Safety Blood Collection Needles with/without Needle Holder

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburnoholctionoationtateaverhours pepnsclu time to review instructions, search existing dat sources, gatherand maintain the data needed and coplete an review the collection finformation. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother spect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# K220900 510(k) SUMMARY

1. Preparation Date: 8/10/2022

# 2. Submitter

Manufacturer: Anhui Hongyu Wuzhou Medical Manufacturer Co., Ltd. Address: No.2 Guanyin Road, Taihu Economic Development Zone, Anqing City, Anhui Province, 246400, China Contact person: Bingyi Xiang, +86-556 5129666, hwj1@hongyu-wuzhou.cn Submission correspondent: Evan Hu, 86-18616124827, Evan.hu@mind-link.net

# 3. Device

Trading Name: Safety Blood Collection Needles with/without Needle Holder   
Common Name: Blood Collection Tubes, Vials, Systems, Serum Separators   
Regulation Name: Blood specimen collection device   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675   
Classification: Class II   
Product code: JKA

# 4. Predicate device

Primary predicate device: Safety Blood Collection Needle for Single Use / Safety Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use – K212019

# 5. Device description

The Safety blood collection needles with/without needle holder is used in routine venipuncture procedures. That is composed of a bottom sheath, rubber cap, needle hub, connecting base, safety shield, needle tube, upper sheath, and optional needle holder, which are made from PP, PE, ABS, rubber, and SUS materials. The proposed device has various configurations and sizes, differing in various colors for easy recognition by use.

The threaded hub is one side that connects with the needle holder, which is used to guide the needle into a vacuum blood collection tube. This end of the needle is shorter and is fitted with a rubber cap and a needle hub.

The Safety blood collection needles with /without needle holder are manufactured from tubular stainless steel sharpened at both ends that are attached:

- The opposite end of the needle tube is $\% ^ { \prime \prime } \sim 1 \ \% ^ { \prime \prime }$ for blood collection and is fitted with a protective sleeve.

- The needle hub and protective cap protect the needle tube.

The self-locking mechanism is positioned within the center and the proximal end of the sheath. The hinge structure could let clinical personnel flexibly adjust the sheath to the designed position for use. The safety feature is easily operated by releasing a latch mechanism whereby the user slides a safety shield over the needle as it is removed from the patient. Once the needle is covered, the safety shield locks in place.

Table. 1. Device specifications   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Size(mm)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Gauge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Wall thickness(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Needle length(Inch and mm)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/,19mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1&quot;,25mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1½/8&quot;28mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1y32mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$1 ½/,35mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1½/&quot;,38mm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td></tr></table>

Note: $" \lor "$ means that it is available to this configuration.

# 6. Indications for use/Intended use

Safety blood collection needles with/without needle holder are intended to be used with vacuum blood collection tubes for multiple collections of venous blood. The safety shield is intended to aid in the protection against, accidental needle stick injuries.

# 7. Comparison of technological characters between proposed and predicate devices

Table 2. Characters comparison   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed deviceK220900</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary predicate deviceK212019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remark</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety Blood Collection Needles with/without Needle Holder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety Blood Collection Needle forSingle UseSafety Blood Collection Needle withHolder for Single Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JKA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JKA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intendeduse/Indicationsfor use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety  blood  collection needleswith/without needle  holder areintended to be used with vacuum bloodcollection tubes for multiple collectionsof venous blood. The safety shield isintended to aid in the protectionagainst, accidental needle stick injuries.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Blood Collection Needle/ The BloodCollection Needle with Holder/ TheBlood CollectionSet/ The BloodCollection Set with Holder is intended tobe used with vacuum blood collectiontube for multiple collections of venousblood.The Safety Blood Collection Needle/ TheSafety Blood Collection Needle withHolder/ The Safety Blood CollectionSet/ The Safety Blood Collection Setwith Holder is intended to be used withvacuum blood collection tube formultiple collections of venous blood.The safety shield is intended to aid intheprotection against accidentalneedle stick injury.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurationand Material</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bottom sheath (PP)Rubber cap (Isoprene rubber)Needle hub (PP)Connecting base (ABS)Safety sheath (PP)Needle tube (SUS 304)Upper sheath (PE)Needle holder (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle cover (PP)Needle sleeve (Isoprene rubber)Needle hub-Male (PP)(4)Needle hub-Female (ABS)(5)Safety shield (PP)(6)Needle tube (SUS 304)Needle cap (PP)8Holder (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle  gaugeand length</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18G,19G, 20G, 21G, 22G, 23G, 24G, 25G3/", 1", 1 ½", 1 ½", 1 ½s", 1 ½",</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18G, 20G, 21G, 22G, 23G,25G1 ½/2", }"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sharpspreventionfunction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manually operated safety sheathComply with ISO 23908</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manually operated safety sheathComply with ISO 23908</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comply with ISO 7864 and ISO 9626</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comply with ISO 7864 and ISO 9626</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterility method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterilized by EOSAL 10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterilized by EOSAL 10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biocompatibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comply with ISO 10993 serials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comply with ISO 10993 serials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Notes:

#1: Intended use/indication for use The predicate device is a bundle of different devices that comprises (1)Blood Collection Needle for Single Use, (2)Safety Blood Collection Needle for Single Use, (3)Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use, (4)Safety Blood Collection Needle with Holder for Single Use, (5)Blood Collection Set for Single Use, (6)Safety Blood Collection Set for Single Use, (7)Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use, and (8)Safety Blood Collection Set with Holder for Single Use. The proposed device only compares with (2) and (4), included in the predicate device. Therefore, it does not affect the safety and effectiveness comparison that can be considered substantially equivalent.

# #2: configuration and materials

Most of the materials used by the proposed device and the predicate device are the same, except for the upper sheath/needle cap. The proposed device uses PE, but the predicate device uses PP. However, the biocompatibility testing of the proposed device proves to be safe and complies with ISO 10993. Therefore, it does not affect the safety and effectiveness comparison that can be considered substantially equivalent.

# #3: Needle gauge and length

The proposed device has a broader range of needle gauges and lengths than the predicate device. The performance testing of all specifications of the proposed device proves to be safe and effective and complies with ISO 9626 and ISO 7864. Therefore, it does not affect the safety and effectiveness comparison that can be considered substantially equivalent.

# 8. Non-clinical performance testing

The non-clinical tests of this proposed device are tested in conformance with the following standards.

(1) Physical performance testing:   
(a) ISO 7864:2016, Sterile hypodermic needles for single use.   
(b) ISO 9626:2016 Stainless Steel Needle Tubing for the Manufacture of Medical Device.   
(c) ISO 6009:2016 Hypodermic needles for single use - Colour coding for identification   
(d) ISO 23908:2011 SHARPS INJURY PROTECTION — REQUIREMENTS AND TEST METHODS — SHARPS PROTECT   
(e) ISO 80369-7:2016 Small-bore connectors for liquids and gases in healthcare applicationPart 7: Connectors for intravascular or hypodermic applications   
(f) ISO 80369-20:2015 Small-bore connectors for liquids and gases in healthcare applications - Part 20: Common test methods   
(g) Simulated Clinical Use Study was conducted per the Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, Medical Devices with Sharps Injury Prevention Features

(2) Sterility, Shipping and Shelf-Life:

(a) ISO 10993-7:2008/AMD 1:2019 Biological evaluation of medical devices - Part 7: Ethylene oxide sterilization residuals - Amendment 1: Applicability of allowable limits for neonates and infants.   
(b) ASTM D4169-16 Standard Practice for Performance Testing of Shipping Containers and Systems   
(c) ASTM F1140: 2020, Standard Test Methods for Internal Pressurization Failure Resistance of Unrestrained Packages   
(d) ASTM F88: 2015, Standard Test Method for Seal Strength of Flexible Barrier Materials   
(e) ASTM D3078-2: 2013, Standard Test Method for Determination of Leaks in Flexible Packaging by Bubble Emission   
(f) ASTM F1929: 2015, Standard Test Method for Detecting Seal Leaks in Porous Medical Packaging by Dye Penetration   
(g) ASTM F1980-16, Standard guide for accelerated aging of sterile barrier systems for medical devices   
(h) ASTM F1886/F1886M-16, Standard Test Method for Determining Integrity of Seals for Flexible Packaging by Visual Inspection   
(i) USP 4 $\begin{array} { c l c r } { { 1 } } & { { < 1 2 0 7 > } } \end{array}$ Package Integrity Evaluation—Sterile Products; $< 1 2 0 7 . 1 >$ Package Integrity Testing in the Product Life Cycle—Test Method Selection and Validation; $< 1 2 0 7 . 2 >$ Package Integrity Leak Test Technologies.   
(j) Shelf life of 5 years is validated per ASTM F1980-16, Standard Guidance for Accelerated Aging of Sterile Barrier Systems for Medical Devices

(3) Biocompatibility testing:

(a) ISO10993-1:2018, Biological evaluation of medical devices - Part 1: Evaluation and testing within a risk management process.   
(b) ISO 10993-4:2017 Biological evaluation of medical devices Part 4: Selection of tests for interactions with blood.   
(c) ISO 10993-5:2009, Biological evaluation of medical devices - Part 5: Tests for in vitro cytotoxicity.   
(d) ISO 10993-10:2010, Biological evaluation on medical device Part 10: Test for irritation and Skin Sensitization.   
(e) ISO 10993-11:2017, Biological evaluation of medical devices Part 11: Tests for systemic toxicity.   
(f) USP 40, $\mathbf { < } 8 5 \mathrm { > }$ Bacterial Endotoxins Test   
(g) USP 40, ${ \bf < } 7 1 >$ Sterility Test   
(h) USP 40, $< 7 8 8 >$ Particulate matter in injection

Briefly, performance testing summary as shown in table 3

Table 3. A summary of the performance/biocompatibility testing results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard/Test description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acceptance criteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 7864, needle performancetesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refer to ISO 7864 clause 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meet performance requirements</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 9626, needle tube performancetesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refer to ISO 9626 clause 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meet performance requirements</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 6009, needle hub color</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refer to ISO 6009 clause 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meet color code requirements</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ASTM F88, packaging sealingstrength testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sealing strength &gt;1.5N/15mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass, round 1.8N/15mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ASTM D3078-2, package leakagebubble emission</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No bubbles observed attributabletoleaks, andnotest fluidattributable to a leak is inside aspecimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass, no bubbles or fluid observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ASTM F1929, dyepenetrationtesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No dye penetrates into packaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass, nodye penetratedintopackage</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 11737-1/-2, USP &lt;71&gt;, sterilitytesting - microbiological method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative result of micros culture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 10993-7,EO/ECHresidualtesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EO &lt;4mg/dayECH &lt;9mg/day</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EO passECH undetectable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 10993-4,in-vitro hemolytictesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No hemolysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No hemolysis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 10993-5, in-vitro cytotoxicitytesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No cytotoxicity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No cytotoxicity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 10993-10, irritation and skinsensitization testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noirritation  and  no skinsensitization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noirritation  and  no skinsensitization</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 10993-11,acutesystemictoxicity testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No acute systemic toxicity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No acute systemic toxicity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 10993-11, pyrogens testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No pyrogens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No evidence of pyrogens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USP &lt;85&gt;, endotoxin testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;20EU/device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USP &lt;788&gt;, residual particlestesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The average number of particlespresent in the units tested shouldnot exceed 6000 per containerequal to or greater than 1 0 mm andshouldnot exceed 600 percontainer equal to or greater than25 mm.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 23908 sharp injury protection -activation and safe mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing items with vary criteriaRefer to ISO 23908 Clause 4.2 andClause 4.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USP 41 &lt;1207&gt; rigidpackageintegrity evaluation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing items with vary criteriaRefer to USP &lt;1207.2&gt;</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simulated clinical study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1% failures under 95% CL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% failures.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 80369, luer connector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vary criteria refer to ISO 80369</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr></table>

9. Clinical Tests Not Applicable

# 10. Conclusion

The differences between the predicate and the subject device do not raise any new or different questions of safety or effectiveness. The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device with respect to indications for use and technological characteristics.