July 20, 2023

Beckman Coulter Laboratory Systems (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. Tracy Jin   
Sr. Regulatory Affairs   
No. 181 West Su Hong Road, Suzhou Industrial Park Suzhou, Jiangsu, CN 215021   
China

Re: K220977 Trade/Device Name: ISE Reagents, Glucose, CRP Latex, DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1665 Regulation Name: Sodium Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JGS, CEM, CGZ, CFR, NQD, DCN, JJE Dated: January 12, 2023 Received: January 12, 2023

Dear Tracy Jin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K220977

Device Name DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer; Glucose; CRP Latex; ISE Reagents

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Beckman Coulter DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer is an automated chemistry analyzer that measures analytes in samples, in combination with appropriate reagents, calibrators, quality control (QC) material and other accessories. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

The Glucose test system is for the quantitative measurement of glucose in human serum, plasma, urine and cerebrospinal fluid on Beckman Coulter AU/DxC AU analyzers. Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

System reagent for the quantitative determination of C-Reactive Protein in human serum and plasma on Beckman Coulter AU/DxC AU Analyzers. Measurement of CRP is useful for the detection and evaluation of infection, tissue injury, inflammatory disorders and associated diseases. Measurements may also be useful as an aid in the identification of individuals at risk for future cardiovascular disease. High sensitivity CRP (hsCRP) measurements, when used in conjunction with traditional clinical laboratory evaluation of acute coronary syndromes, may be useful as an independent marker of prognosis for recurrent events, in patients with stable coronary disease or acute coronary syndromes.

eagents for the quantitative determination of Sodium, Potassium and Chloride concentrations in human serum, plasma nd urine on the Beckman Coulter ISE modules.

The sodium test system is intended for the quantitative measurement of sodium in serum, plasma, and urine. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism (excessive secretion of the hormone aldosterone), diabetes insipidus (chronic excretion of large amounts of dilute urine, accompanied by extreme thirst), adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease (caused by destruction of the adrenal glands), dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

The potassium test system is intended for the quantitative measurement of potassium in serum, plasma, and urine.

Measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

The chloride test system is intended for the quantitative measurement of the level of chloride in plasma, serum, and urine. Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 1.0 Submitted By

Tracy Jin   
Sr. Regulatory Affairs   
Beckman Coulter Laboratory Systems (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. No. 181 West Su Hong Road,   
Suzhou Industrial Park,   
Suzhou, Jiangsu, CN 215021   
Telephone: 86-512- 6895 5129   
Fax: 86-512- 6742 1069

2.0 Date of Preparation July 19, 2023

# 3.0 Device Name(s)

# 3.1 DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer

Proprietary Name: DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer   
Common Name: DxC 500 AU   
510 (K) Number: K220977   
Class: Class I   
Classification Name: Discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.2160   
Product Code: JJE

# 3.2 ISE Reagents

Proprietary Name: ISE Reagents Common Name: ISE Reagents

Class: Class II   
Classification Name/Regulation Number/Product Code: Sodium test system 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1665 [JGS] Potassium test system 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1600 [CEM] Chloride test system 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1170 [CGZ]

# 3.3 Glucose

Proprietary Name: Glucose Common Name: Glucose Class: Class II Classification Name: Glucose test system Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1345 Product Code: CFR

# 3.4 CRP Latex

Proprietary Name: CRP Latex   
Common Name: CRP Latex   
Class: Class II   
Classification Name: C-reactive protein immunological test system   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 866.5270   
Product Code: DCN, NQD

# 4.0 Predicate Devices

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DxC 500 AU ClinicalChemistry Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DxC 700 AU Clinical ChemistryAnalyzer(K161837)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter,Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Reagents:Sodium, Potassium andChloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Reagents:Sodium, Potassium and Chloride(K161837)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose(K161837)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRP Latex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRP Latex(K161837)</td></tr></table>

# 5.0 Device Description

# 5.1 DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer

The Beckman Coulter DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer carries out automated analysis of serum, plasma, urine samples and other body fluids and automatically generates results. The device is an automated photometric clinical analyzer that measures analytes in samples, in combination with appropriate reagents, calibrators, quality control (QC) material and other accessories. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only. Electrolyte measurement is performed using a single cell Ion Selective Electrode (ISE) which is also common among the other members of the AU family.

# 5.2 ISE Reagents

The ISE module for $\mathsf { N a } +$ , $\mathsf { K } +$ , and Cl- employs crown ether membrane electrodes for sodium and potassium and a molecular oriented PVC membrane for chloride that are specific for each ion of interest in the sample. An electrical potential is developed according to the Nernst Equation for a specific ion. When compared to the Internal Reference Solution, this electrical potential is translated into voltage and then into the ion concentration of the sample.

# 5.3 Glucose

In this Beckman Coulter procedure, glucose is phosphorylated by hexokinase (HK) in the presence of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) and magnesium ions to produce glucose-6-phosphate (G-6-P) and adenosine diphosphate (ADP). Glucose-6- phosphate dehydrogenase (G6P-DH) specifically oxidizes G-6-P to 6- phosphogluconate with the concurrent reduction of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide $( N A D + )$ to nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide, reduced (NADH). The change in absorbance at $3 4 0 / 6 6 0 \ : \mathrm { n m }$ is proportional to the amount of glucose present in the sample.

# 5.4 CRP Latex

The CRP Latex reagent is an in vitro diagnostic device that consists of ready to use buffer and latex particles coated with rabbit anti-CRP antibodies. In this procedure, the measurement of the rate of decrease in light intensity transmitted through particles suspended in solution is the result of complexes formed during the immunological reaction between the CRP of the patient serum and rabbit anti-CRPantibodies coated on latex particles. Two measuring range settings are available: Normal application (CRP Concentrations ranging between $5 . 0 { - } 4 8 0 \mathrm { m g / L } \rangle$ ) and Highly Sensitive (Cardiac) Application- (CRP concentrations ranging between 0.2- 80mg/L).

# 6.0 Indications for Use

# 6.1 DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer

The Beckman Coulter DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer is an automated chemistry analyzer that measures analytes in samples, in combination with appropriate reagents, calibrators, quality control (QC) material and other accessories. This system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

# 6.2 ISE Reagents (Sodium, Potassium and Chloride)

Reagents for the quantitative determination of Sodium, Potassium and Chloride concentrations in human serum, plasma, and urine on the Beckman Coulter ISE modules.

The sodium test system is intended for the quantitative measurement of sodium in serum, plasma, and urine. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism (excessive secretion of the hormone aldosterone), diabetes insipidus (chronic excretion of large amounts of dilute urine, accompanied by extreme thirst), adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease (caused by destruction of the adrenal glands), dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

The potassium test system is intended for the quantitative measurement of potassium in serum, plasma, and urine. Measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

The chloride test system is intended for the quantitative measurement of the level of chloride in plasma, serum, and urine. Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

# 6.3 Glucose

The Glucose test system is for the quantitative measurement of glucose in human serum, plasma, urine and cerebrospinal fluid on Beckman Coulter AU/DxC analyzers. Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

# 6.4 CRP Latex

System reagent for the quantitative determination of C-Reactive Protein in human serum and plasma on Beckman Coulter AU/DxC AU Analyzers. Measurement of CRP is useful for the detection and evaluation of infection, tissue injury, inflammatory disorders and associated diseases. Measurements may also be useful as an aid in the identification of individuals at risk for future cardiovascular disease. High sensitivity CRP (hsCRP) measurements, when used in conjunction with traditional clinical laboratory evaluation of acute coronary syndromes, may be useful as an independent marker of prognosis for recurrent events, in patients with stable coronary disease or acute coronary syndromes.

# 7.0 Comparison to the Predicate

The DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer is a member of Beckman Coulter’s AU/DxC AU series of automated photometric analyzers that includes the DxC 700 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer (K161837) to which the substantial equivalence is claimed. The devices share common design characteristics and modes of operation. The key features are summarized in Tables 7.1 through 7.4.

Table 7.1 Predicate Device Comparison   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:DxC 700 AU ClinicalChemistry Analyzer(K161837)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:DxC 500 AU ClinicalChemistry Analyzer(K220977)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated chemistryanalyzer that measuresanalytes in samples, incombination with appropriatereagents, calibrators, qualitycontrol (QC) material andother accessories. For in vitrodiagnostic use only.Applications includecolorimetric, latexagglutination and ionselective electrode.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same (removal of testapplications only):Automated chemistryanalyzer that measuresanalytes in samples, incombination with appropriatereagents, calibrators, qualitycontrol (QC) material, andother accessories. Thissystem is for in vitrodiagnostic use only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer, chemistry(photometric, discrete), forclinical use has beenclassified as Class I, JJE bythe Clinical Chemistry andClinical Toxicology DevicesPanel, (21 CFR 862.2160).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Sample Handling</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Containers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 sample tubes on a Rack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 sample tubes on a Rack</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 to 25.0 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma, urine, CSF,and whole blood (HbA1conly)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Input</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Rack, STAT Table,Direct-line Sample Aspiration(For AutomationConnections</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Rack, STAT Table</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:DxC 700 AU ClinicalChemistry Analyzer(K161837)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:DxC 500 AU ClinicalChemistry Analyzer(K220977)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single SampleReplicate Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ability to request testreplicates for one sample, upto 20 replicates per sampleper test.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Sample Analysis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wavelength (nm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halogen Lamp340 to 800 nm13 wavelengths:340, 380, 410, 450, 480, 520,540, 570, 600, 660, 700, 750and 800 nm (maximum of 2wavelengths)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">End-point assayRate assayFixed point assayElectrode method (ISE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maximum 800 photometrictests/hour or 1200 tests/hour(photometric + ISE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maximum 400 photometrictests/hour or 800 tests/hour(photometric + ISE)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reagent Handling</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Identification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode and fixed position inthe reagent carousel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refrigerated ReagentOn-board Capacity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System has two ReagentRefrigerators:Reagent 1: 60 bottle capacityReagent 2: 48 bottle capacity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System has one ReagentRefrigerator with 76 bottlecapacity (Reagent 1+Reagent2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISE Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Three ISEs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent StorageTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refrigeration temperature: 4to 12 °C (39.2 to 53.6 °F)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Loadingduring Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent bottles can bechanged while the instrumentcontinues to measure patientsamples. A reagent bottle canbe added or changed within 5minutes of request.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent bottles can bechanged while the instrumentcontinues to measure patientsamples. A reagent bottle canbe added or changed within 5minutes 30 seconds ofrequest.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Computers/OS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CPU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intel ProcessorrunningWindows 7 64bit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intel ProcessorrunningWindows 10 64bit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display/Monitor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24" displaywith touch screen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.5" displaywith touch screen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Handheld BarcodeReader</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Provided for reading 1D and2D barcodes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GUI Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User interface which will becommon to new BeckmanCoulter IVD systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Re-engineered GUI; Latestcommon GUI design toBeckman Coulter IVDsystems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Help</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HTML version of IFU isaccessible with built-ininteractive video.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HTML version of IFU isaccessible in User Help</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LaboratoryInformation System(LIS) Interfaces</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar with LIS ASTM 1394and AU unique LIS protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar with LIS ASTM 1394protocol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LaboratoryAutomation System(LAS) Interfaces</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beckman LAS interface forDirect Track Sampling system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not supported</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-Time Solutions(RTS) support</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interface to RTS viaPROService protocol which ismade by Beckman CoulterRemote software installationcapabilities.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interface to RTS via remoteservice protocol which ismade by Beckman Coulter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External printers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB and LAN interfacedprinters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB interfaced printers</td></tr></table>

Table 7.2 ISE (Sodium, Potassium & Chloride) Predicate Device Comparison   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:ISE Sodium, Potassiumand Chloride(K161837)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:ISE Sodium, Potassiumand Chloride(K220977)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent for the quantitativedetermination of Sodium,Potassium and Chlorideconcentrations in humanserum and urine on theBeckman Coulter ISEmodules.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxC 700 AU BeckmanCoulter Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxC 500 AU BeckmanCoulter Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indirect ISE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent form andstorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, on-board storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma, and urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Serum Standard (Cat #AUH1014) and High SerumStandard (Cat # AUH1015)Low/High Urine Standard(Cat # AUH1016)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrate daily.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISE reagents are stable up to90 days when stored inaccordance with the IFUinstructions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:ISE  Sodium, Potassiumand Chloride(K161837)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:ISE Sodium, Potassiumand Chloride(K220977)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SerumNa+50 - 200 mEq/LK+1.0 - 10.0 mEq/LCl- 50 - 200 mEq/LUrineNa+10 - 400 mEq/LK+ 2.0 - 200.0 mEq/LCl-15 - 400 mEq/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin (Na/K/Cl):NSI* up to 40 mg/dL.Lipemia (Na/K/CI):NSI up to 500 mg/dL.Hemoglobin (Na):NSI up to 250 mg/dL.Hemoglobin (K):NSI up to 70 mg/dL.Hemoglobin (CI):NSI up to 500 mg/dL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision(serum, urine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-run CV &lt; 3%Total Precision CV &lt; 5%.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

\*NSI – No significant interference (Chloride $\pm 2 . 5 \%$ , Potassium $\pm 0 . 2 5 ~ \mathsf { m E q / L }$ , Sodium ±2mEq/L)

Table 7.3 Glucose Predicate Device Comparison   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Glucose(K161837)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:Glucose(K220977)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Glucose test system isfor the quantitativemeasurement of glucose inhuman serum, plasma, urine,and cerebrospinal fluid onBeckman Coulter AUanalyzers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same; updated instrumentfamily branding only.The Glucose test system isfor the quantitativemeasurement of glucose inhuman serum, plasma, urineand cerebrospinal fluid onBeckman Coulter AU/DxC AUanalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxC 700 AU BeckmanCoulter Analyzer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxC 500 AUBeckman Coulter Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent form andstorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, on-board storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma, urine, andcerebrospinal fluid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemistry Calibrator (Cat #DR0070)Urine Calibrator (Cat #DR0090)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Onboard Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 days refrigerated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma, and CSF:10 - 800 mg/dLUrine:10 - 700 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin:NSI* up to 40 mg/dL.Lipemia:NSI up to 700 mg/dL.Hemoglobin:NSI up to 500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision(serum, urine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-run CV &lt; 3%Total Precision CV &lt; 3%.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

\*NSI – No significant interference designates recovery within $10 \%$ of the initial value.

Table 7.4 CRP Predicate Device Comparison   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Predicate Device: CRP Latex</td><td>Candidate Device: CRP Latex</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>System reagent for the quantitative determination of C-Reactive Protein in human serum and plasma on Beckman Coulter AU Analyzers. Measurement of CRP is useful for the detection and evaluation of infection, tissue injury, inflammatory disorders and associated diseases. Measurements may also be useful as an aid in the</td><td>Same; updated instrument family branding only. System reagent for the quantitative determination of C-Reactive Protein in human serum and plasma on Beckman Coulter AU/DxC AU analyzers. Measurement of CRP is useful for the detection and evaluation of infection, tissue injury, inflammatory</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>identification of individuals at risk for future cardiovascular disease. High sensitivity CRP (hsCRP) measurements, when used in conjunction with traditional clinical laboratory evaluation of acute coronary syndromes, may be useful as an independent marker of prognosis for recurrent events, in patients with stable coronary disease or acute coronary syndromes.</td><td>disorders and associated diseases. Measurements may also be useful as an aid in the identification of individuals at risk for future cardiovascular disease. High sensitivity CRP (hsCRP) measurements, when used in conjunction with traditional clinical laboratory evaluation of acute coronary syndromes, may be useful as an independent marker of prognosis for recurrent events, in patients with stable coronary disease or acute coronary syndromes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:CRP Latex(K161837)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CandidateDevice:CRP Latex(K220977)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxC 700 AUBeckman Coulter Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxC 500 AUBeckman Coulter Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Latex enhancedImmunoturbidimetric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rabbit Anti-CRP Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent form andstorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, on-board storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRP Latex Highly SensitiveCalibrator (Cat# ODC0027)for the Highly Sensitive(Cardiac) Application.CRP Latex Normal Calibrator(Cat # ODC0026) for theNormal Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 days refrigerated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Onboard Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 days refrigerated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRP High Sensitivity0.2 - 80 mg/LCRP Normal1.0 - 480 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRP High Sensitivity0.2 - 80 mg/LCRP Normal5.0 - 480 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:CRP Latex(K161837)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:CRP Latex(K220977)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin:&lt;5% at CRP concentrationsof 1 mg/L up to 40 mg/dLbilirubinLipemia:&lt;10% at CRP concentrationsof 1 mg/L up to 1000 mg/dLintralipidHemoglobin:&lt;5% at CRP concentrationsof 1 mg/L up to 500 mg/dLhemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision(serum)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-run: SD ≤0.20 mg/LTotal Precision: SD ≤0.02mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Comparison Testing

Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through non-clinical (bench) studies as listed below. CLSI study protocols were used to verify the performance claims stated in the reagent IFUs and ensure that the technological differences between the candidate and predicate analyzer models did not adversely affect safety and effectiveness.

Method Comparison   
Linearity   
Precision   
Sensitivity   
Reference Interval   
Interference

# 9.0 Summary of Performance Data

The data contained in the Premarket Notification supports a finding of substantial equivalence to the measurand test systems already in commercial distribution.

# 9.1 Method Comparison with Predicate Device

Method comparison and bias estimation experiments were designed in accordance with the CLSI Guideline EP09C-ED3 “Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Third Edition”. The patient correlation studies demonstrated equivalence between the representative assays on the candidate DxC 500 AU analyzer and the predicate DxC 700 AU analyzer. The study results in Table 9.1 are based on Weighted Deming regression analysis.

Table 9.1 Method Comparison Data Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent/ISE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hsCRP(Cardiac)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4% at 3mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0421</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRP Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4% at 10 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.606</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9995</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.986</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1% at 100 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.3% at 50 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3% at 50 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.891</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2% at 130 mEq/L0.5% at 160 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.077</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9995</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1% at 3 mEq/L0.7% at 6 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3% at 90 mEq/L0.4% at 120 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.379</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6% at 60 mEq/L0.7% at 180 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3% at 15 mEq/L0.2% at 80 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4% at 50 mEq/L0.05% at 170 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td></tr></table>

# 9.2 Linearity/Reportable Range:

Analytical range (linearity) studies were designed in accordance with the CLSI guideline EP06-ED2 “Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures”.

High and low sample pools were prepared and inter-diluted to achieve analyte concentrations spanning the claimed linear range of each assay. Test samples were assayed in quadruplicate on the DxC 500 AU analyzer. The study data demonstrates linearity throughout the claimed analytical measuring range of each assay, as represented in the Table 9.2 below.

Table 9.2 Linearity Data Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Reagent andSample Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Acceptance Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pass/Fail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LinearRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AllowableDifference (±)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LinearFrom</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LinearTo</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hsCRP(Cardiac)Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 - 80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12% or 0.15 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRPNormalSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 - 480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12% or 0.2 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>516.408</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 - 800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% or 0.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>879.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseCSF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 - 800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% or 0.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>901.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseUrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 - 700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% or 0.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SodiumSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 - 200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5% or 3.25 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PotassiumSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 - 10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4% or 0.12 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.727</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.835</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ChlorideSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 - 200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4% or 3.6 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SodiumUrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 - 400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% or 1.2 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>441.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PotassiumUrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 - 200.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7% or 1 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.066</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225.165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ChlorideUrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6% or 3.6 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>433.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

# 9.3 Sensitivity (Detection Limits):

LOD and LOQ studies were designed in accordance with CLSI guideline EP17-A2 “Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures Approved Guideline - Second Edition”. The experimental design consisted of replicate measurements on blank and low-level samples across multiple days using multiple reagent lots.

The LOB, LOD, and LOQ results are summarized in the Table 9.3 below. The representative reagents met the established LOQ specifications when tested on the DxC 500 AU analyzer, and the LOQ results were below the claimed measuring range for each assay.

Table 9.3 Reagent Sensitivity Data Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent andSample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low End ofMeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LODSpec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOQSpec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRPNormalSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5.0 at≤ 20% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hsCRP(Cardiac)Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.2 at≤ 20% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 10 at≤ 20% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseUrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 10 at≤ 20% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseCSF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 10 at≤ 20% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr></table>

# 9.4 Precision/Reproducibility:

Repeatability (within-run) and within-laboratory (total) precision studies were designed from the CLSI guideline EP05-A3 “Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline - Third Edition”. The precision was verified on the DxC 500 AU using one lot of reagent and one lot of calibrator and utilized duplicate sample analysis, twice daily, over the course of 20 days $( \mathsf { n } { = } 8 0 )$ for multiple sample levels.

All assays met the performance precision specifications and provided data to support the precision claims in the IFUs. The results are summarized in Tables 9.4.1 and 9.4.2 below:

Table 9.4.1 Reagent Precision Data Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Reagent andUnits</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleLevels</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(n=80)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within Run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Laboratory(Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>hsCRP(Cardiac)(mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>CRPNormal(mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>422.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>288.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>317.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>341.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr></table>

Table 9.4.2 ISE Precision Data Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Reagent andUnits</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleLevels</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(n=80)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within Run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Laboratory(Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Sodium(mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Potassium(mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Chloride(mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Sodium(mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Potassium(mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Chloride(mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr></table>

# 9.5 Interferences (Analytical Specificity):

Interference studies were designed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP07, $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Edition “Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline”. All test samples were assayed $( n = 5 )$ at two analyte levels. The sample pools were tested at different levels of interferents to determine the magnitude of their effect. The data analysis involved calculating the recovery difference between samples with and without the potential interfering substances. The results for Glucose and ISE are summarized in Table 9.5 below. The results for CRP Normal and CRP Highly Sensitive (Cardiac) applications are summarized on page 5-27 and 5-28. All assays met the performance specifications and provided data to support the interference claims in the IFUs.

Table 9.5 Interference Data Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Reagent/SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Interference Threshold</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemic1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Icteric²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolytic³</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid(700 mg/dL)intf. ≤10%at Glucose conc. of40 &amp; 220 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin(40 mg/dL)intf. ≤10%at Glucose conc. of40 &amp; 220 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysate(500 mg/dL)intf. ≤10%at Glucose conc. of40 &amp; 220 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseCSF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin(40 mg/dL)intf. ≤10%at Glucose conc. of36 &amp; 216 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysate(500 mg/dL)intf. ≤10%at Glucose conc. of36 &amp; 216 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseUrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin(40 mg/dL)intf. ≤10%at Glucose conc. of20 &amp; 200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysate(500 mg/dL)intf. ≤10%at Glucose conc. of20 &amp; 200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SodiumSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid(500 mg/dL)intf. ≤2 mEq/L atSodium conc. of130 &amp; 150 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin(40 mg/dL)intf. ≤2 mEq/L atSodium conc. of130 &amp; 150 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysate(250 mg/dL)intf. ≤2 mEq/L atSodium conc. of130 &amp; 150 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ChlorideSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid(500 mg/dL)intf. ≤2.5 mEq/Lat Chloride conc. of90 &amp; 110 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (40 mg/dL)intf. ≤2.5 mEq/L atChloride conc. of90 &amp; 110 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysate(500 mg/dL)intf. ≤2.5 mEq/L atChloride conc. of90 &amp; 110 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PotassiumSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid(500 mg/dL)intf. ≤0.25 mEq/Lat Potassium conc. of3 &amp; 5 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (40 mg/dL)intf, ≤0.25 mEq/L atPotassium conc. of3 &amp; 5 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysate(70 mg/dL)intf ≤0.25 mEq/L atPotassium conc. of3 &amp; 5 mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

1 Intralipid is a $20 \%$ fat emulsion used to emulate extremely turbid samples. 2 Unconjugated bilirubin, (porcine source) 3 Lysed human red blood cells

# CRP Normal and CRP Highly Sensitive (Cardiac) Applications

Results of studies show that the following substances may interfere with this C-reactive protein procedure.

Normal Application

Icterus: Interference less than $5 \%$ up to $4 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ bilirubin

Haemolysis: Interference less than $5 \%$ up to $5 ~ 9 / \mathsf { L }$ haemoglobin

Lipemia: Interference less than $10 \%$ up to $1 , 0 0 0 ~ { \mathrm { m g / d L } }$ Intralipid

Rheumatoid Factor: Interference less than $10 \%$ up to 500 IU/mL Rheumatoid Factor

Triglyceride: Interference less than $10 \%$ up to $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Triglyceride

Highly Sensitive (Cardiac) Application   
Icterus: Interference less than $5 \%$ up to $4 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ bilirubin   
Haemolysis: Interference less than $5 \%$ up to $5 ~ 9 / \mathsf { L }$ haemoglobin   
Lipemia: Interference less than $10 \%$ up to $1 , 0 0 0 ~ { \mathrm { m g / d L } }$ Intralipid   
Rheumatoid Factor: Interference less than $10 \%$ up to 500 IU/mL Rheumatoid Factor   
Triglyceride: Interference less than $10 \%$ up to $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Triglyceride

\* Intralipid, manufactured by Pharmacia, is a $20 \%$ fat emulsion used to emulate extremely turbid samples.

Results of studies conducted to evaluate the susceptibility of the method to interference from common or known drugs that could interfere with the CRP (Normal and CRP Highly Sensitive (Cardiac) Applications) are listed below. The criteria for no significant interference is recovery within $10 \%$ of the initial value (sample containing no interferent).

No significant interference is observed from substances up to the following concentrations:

<table><tr><td>Acetaminophen 15.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylsalicylic Acid 3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Amoxicillin 5.4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Ascorbic Acid 5.25 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Atorvastatin 0.075 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Azithromycin 1.11 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Cephalexin 12.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Ciprofloxacin 1.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Fluconazole 2.55 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Ibuprofen 21.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Lisinopril 0.0246 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Metformin 1.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Methotrexate 136 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Naproxen 36 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Omeprazole 0.84 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Prednisone 0.0099 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# 9.6 Reference Interval

The Reference Interval study utilized a transference approach in accordance with the CLSI guideline EP028-A3c “Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory; Approved Guideline – Third Edition”. The purpose of the study was to validate the acceptability of the original adult reference intervals for use on the candidate DxC 500 AU analyzer. The use of a transference approach was based on the demonstrated comparability between the candidate and predicate tests systems via the CLSI EP09c study. The approach used a sampling of at least 20 reference individuals to verify that $\geq 9 0 \%$ of the test samples recovered within the reference intervals cited in the respective assay IFUs. Verification studies were not performed for sample types difficult to source (CSF and 24- hour urine collections); these applications are supported by the original literature references in their IFUs. Refer to Table 9.6 below for a summary of results.

Table 9.6 Reference Interval Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product andSample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRP LatexSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96% (24/25)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseSerum (Adult)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74 - 109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91% (21/23)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseUrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No detectableGlucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseCSF (Adult)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 - 70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE NaSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136 - 145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE KSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 - 5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE CISerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98 - 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% (19/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE NaUrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 -220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE KUrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE CIUrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mEq/day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 - 250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td></tr></table>

\*Literature reference used

# 10.0 Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

The data contained in the Premarket Notification supports a finding of substantial equivalence to the measurand test systems already in commercial distribution. The performance testing on the DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer presented in this submission demonstrates that the measurand test systems continue to be safe and effective in their Intended Use.