April 7, 2023

Roche Diagnostics   
Bin Sun   
Regulatory Affairs Program Manager   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: K220456 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys FT4 IV Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1695 Regulation Name: Free Thyroxine Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CEC Dated: December 8, 2022 Received: December 9, 2022

Dear Bin Sun:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K220456

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Assay for the in vitro quantitative determination of free thyroxine in human serum and plasma. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of thyroid disease.   
The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay “ECLIA” is intended for use on the cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# K220456 Elecsys FT4 IV 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9115 Hague RoadP.O. Box 50416Indianapolis, IN 46250-0457</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bin SunPhone: (317) 292-3781Email: bin.sun.bs2@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>April 6, 2023</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys FT4 IV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Free thyroxine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Radioimmunoassay, Free thyroxine test system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes,Regulation Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEC, 21CFR862.1695</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys FT4 II (K131244)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics GmbH Mannheim, Germany: 9610126Roche Diagnostics GmbH Penzberg, Germany: 9610529Roche Diagnostics Indianapolis, IN United States: 1823260</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Elecsys FT4 IV immunoassay a fourth generation FT4 assay by Roche Diagnostics for the for the in vitro quantitative determination of free thyroxine in human serum and plasma. It is intended for use on the cobas e immunoassay analyzers. The cobas e family of analyzers uses electrochemiluminescence immunoassay “ECLIA” technology. The assay is an 18 minute assay utilizing a competition principle using a monoclonal antibody which is specifically directed against free thyroxine. Results are determined via a calibration curve which is instrument specifically generated by 2-point calibration against the master curve for that reagent lot.

# 1.1. Reagents

The reagent working solutions include:

Rackpack (kit placed on analyzer)

 M: Streptavidin-coated microparticles  R1: Anti-T4-Ab\~Ru(bpy)  R2: T4\~biotin

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

Assay for the in vitro quantitative determination of free thyroxine in human serum and plasma. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of thyroid disease. The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay “ECLIA” is intended for use on the cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The following tables compare the Elecsys FT4 IV with its predicate device, Elecsys FT4 II assay (k131244).

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate(Elecsys FT4 II, k131244)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device(Elecsys FT4 IV )</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Elecsys FT4 II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Elecsys FT4 IV</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>Predicate (Elecsys FT4 II, k131244)</td><td>Candidate Device (Elecsys FT4 IV )</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>The Elecsys FT4 II assay is for the in vitro quantitative determination of free Thyroxine in human serum and plasma. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of thyroid diseases. The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers</td><td>The Elecsys FT4 IV assay is for the in vitro quantitative determination of free Thyroxine in human serum and plasma. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of thyroid disease. The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on cobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td>Test Principle</td><td>The Elecsys FT4 II assay is a two-step competitive immunoassay with streptavidin microparticles and electrochemiluminescence detection system.</td><td>No change</td></tr><tr><td>Technology Test format</td><td>ECLIA Competitive</td><td>No change No change</td></tr><tr><td>Test type</td><td>Quantitative</td><td>No change</td></tr><tr><td>Application time</td><td>18 min</td><td>No change</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1st Incubation:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Assay protocol</td><td>R1+sample 2nd incubation: Addition of R2 + streptavidin-coated microparticles (beads) Undiluted human serum and undiluted</td><td>No change</td></tr><tr><td>Sample type Pipetting volume</td><td>plasma treated with Li-heparin, K2- EDTA and K3-EDTA</td><td>No change</td></tr><tr><td>sample Pipetting volume beads</td><td>15 μL 35 μL</td><td>No change No change</td></tr><tr><td>Pipetting volume R1</td><td>75 μL</td><td>No change</td></tr><tr><td>Pipetting volume R2</td><td>75 μL</td><td>No change</td></tr><tr><td>Handling of R1 and R2</td><td>Liquid, ready to use</td><td>No change</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>phosphate buffer 100 mmol/L</td><td>No Change Anti-Biotin Antibody; specific for</td></tr><tr><td>Buffer composition R1 Antibodies used in R1</td><td>Ruthenylated polyclonal T4-specific sheep antibody PAB&lt;T4&gt;S-Fab-sRu</td><td>free, unconjugated biotin ("scavenger antibody"). MAK&lt;Biotin&gt;rK-21E12- IgG Ruthenylatedmonoclonal T4-specific rabbit antibody. MAB&lt;T4&gt;rK-38F8-</td></tr><tr><td>Buffer composition R2</td><td>phosphate buffer 100 mmol/L D-Biotin</td><td>Fab-sRu No Change N-Biotinylsarcosine (Biotin-derivate)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate(Elecsys FT4 II, k131244)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device(Elecsys FT4 IV )</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotinylated componentin R2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T4(OSu)-bis-DAD00-Bi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotin Tolerance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 20 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1200 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SA interferenceelimination</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Improved, addition of Streptavidin rec.Mutein Polymer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.101-7.77 ng/dL (1.3-100 pmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Blank = 0.03 ng/dL (0.4pmol/L)Limit of Detection = 0.05 ng/dL (0.6pmol/L)Limit of Quantitation = 0.101 ng/dL(1.3 pmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Blank = 0.02 ng/dL (0.3pmol/L)Limit of Detection = 0.04 ng/dL (0.5pmol/L)Limit of Quantitation = 0.101 ng/dL(1.3 pmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FT4 II CalSet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalSet FT4 IV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control material</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PreciControl Universal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Change</td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

Non-clinical performance evaluation for Elecsys FT4 IV executed with the study briefly summarized.

# 4.1. Precision

# 4.1.1. Repeatability and Intermediate Precision

Precision measurements were conducted for both 21 days and 5 days with the Elecsys FT4 IV assay to evaluate repeatability (within-run precision) and intermediate precision (withinlaboratory precision) according the CLSI guideline EP05-A3. All predefined acceptance criteria was met for the precision experiments. The results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Intermediate precision</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meanng/dL(pmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SDng/dL(pmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SDng/dL(pmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.124(1.59)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003(0.040)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007(0.089)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.515(6.63)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006(0.071)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.012(0.153)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.979(12.6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010(0.133)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.019(0.248)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.82(23.4)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.017(0.222)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.031(0.402)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.50(45.0)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.043(0.558)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.074(0.957)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.85(88.2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.117(1.51)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.181(2.33)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCc) Universal 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.17(15.1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010(0.131)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.021(0.265)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC Universal 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.09(39.8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.037(0.482)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.064(0.824)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td></tr></table>

# 4.1.2. Lot-to-lot reproducibility

Lot-to-lot reproducibility was performed for the Elecsys FT4 IV assay using three reagent lots according the CLSI guideline EP05-A3. All predefined acceptance criteria was met for the lot-tolot reproducibility experiment.

# 4.2. Analytical Sensitivity

# 4.2.1. Limit of Blank (LoB)

Experimental Design included three reagent lots evaluated on one cobas e 411 analyzer, six runs over three or more days with one blank sample with ten replicates per run. The zero-level (blank) sample used was fT4 depleted human serum sample pool. In total, 60 determinations for analyte free samples have been obtained. The LoB was calculated according to CLSI EP17-A2. The LoB claim in the labeling will be set to $0 . 0 2 \mathrm { n g / d L } ( 0 . 3 \mathrm { p m o l / L ) } .$ .

# 4.2.2. Limit of Detection (LoD)

Experimental Design included three reagent lots evaluated on one cobas e 411 analyzer, six runs over three or more days with five samples with two replicates/sample/run. The five samples were low-level human serum sample pools (diluted). A pooled estimate of the precision (SD total) for the 5 low-level samples was calculated. The LoD was calculated according to CLSI EP17-A2. The LoD claim in the labeling will be set to $0 . 0 4 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ (0.5 pmol/L).

# 4.2.3. Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)

The LoQ is defined as the lowest concentration of analyte that can be reproducibly measured with an intermediate precision CV of no more than $20 \%$ . Experimental Design included three reagent lots evaluated on one cobas e 411 analyzer, one run per day over five days. Five replicates per each sample per run with at least five low level samples of serum and 25 replicates/sample/reagent lot. The LoQ was calculated according to CLSI EP17-A2. The LoQ claim in the labeling will be set to $0 . 1 0 1 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ (1.3 pmol/L).

# 4.3. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range

Linearity of the Elecsys FT4 IV assay was assessed using human serum samples on the cobas e 411 Immunoassay Analyzer according to CLSI EP6-Ed2.

The serum samples spiked by T4 (sample High) and diluted by fT4 depleted human serum (sample Blank) are used to prepare dilutions series. Three individual human serum samples with an analyte concentration above the upper limit of the measuring range and sample Blank with known of zero are mixed to prepare the dilution series. 13 concentrations (levels) cover the measuring range were prepared. The concentration ranges of the samples cover the entire measuring range of the assay. Samples were assayed in 4-fold determination within a single run. SD and CV were calculated for each 4-fold determination on 1 lot of reagent. The linearity data is analyzed using first-order Weight Least Squares regression (WLS) without intercept according to CLSI EP06-Ed2.

Linearity was confirmed in the range of $0 . 0 9 8 { - } 8 . 1 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ (1.26-105 pmol/L), and a measuring range of $0 . 1 0 1 { - } 7 . 7 7 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ (1.3-100 pmol/L) will be claimed in the labeling.

# 4.4. Human Anti-Mouse Antibodies (HAMA)

Not Applicable (no mouse antibodies used)

# 4.5. Endogenous Interferences

Nine endogenous substances were evaluated for potential interference with the Elecsys FT4 IV assay on the cobas e 411 analyzer according the CLSI guideline EP07-A3. All predefined acceptance criteria was met, and the proposed labeling claims for each endogenous substance can be found below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 701 µmol/L or ≤ 41 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.621 mmol/L or ≤ 1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 2000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 4912 nmol/L or ≤ 1200 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid factors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1200 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 7 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1.6 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 6.3 g/dL</td></tr></table>

# 4.6. Analytical Specificity/Cross-Reactivity

A cross-reactivity study was conducted with Elecsys FT4 IV on the cobas e 411 analyzer to evaluate the potential cross-reacting compounds using human serum samples (native human single donor sera). For each potential cross-reacting compound two human serum samples with a low (approximately $1 . 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / d L } }$ or $1 9 . 4 \ \mathrm { p m o l / L }$ ) and slightly elevated (approximately $5 \mathrm { n g / d L }$ or $6 4 . 5 \mathrm { p m o l / L } )$ ) concentration level of FT4 were tested. The results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration testedng/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactivity%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-T3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-T3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rT3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-iodo-L-tyrosine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,5-diiodo-L-tyrosine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,3',5-triiodothyroacetic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,3',5,5'-tetraiodothyroacetic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td></tr></table>

# 4.7. Exogenous Interferences – Drugs

An exogenous interference study was conducted to evaluate 17 commonly and 15 specially used pharmaceutical compounds for potential interference with the Elecsys FT4 IV assay on the cobas e 411 analyzer. No significant interference was found with the highest concentration tested listed in the table below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common therapeutic drugs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration testedμg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylcysteine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclosporine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.80</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cefoxitin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3300 IU/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Itraconazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levodopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methyldopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">123.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylbutazone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxycycline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rifampicin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">156.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60.0</td></tr></table>

The drugs Furosemide, Carbamazepine, Phenytoin and Levothyroxine Sodium (L-T4, synthetic levothyroxine) caused elevated FT4 findings at the daily therapeutic dosage level. For all other special thyroid drugs tested the specification was met as each compound was found to be noninterfering at the stated drug concentrations.

The results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration testedμg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbimazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propylthiouracil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perchlorate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propranolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amiodarone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisolone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Octreotide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liothyronine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium iodide (SSKI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lithium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">540</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr></table>

# 4.8. Sample Matrix Comparison

The effect on quantitation of analyte in the presence of anticoagulants with the Elecsys FT4 IV immunoassay was determined by comparing values obtained from samples (native single donors and pools as well as spiked or diluted samples) drawn into Serum, Li-Heparin, K2-and K3- EDTA plasma primary tubes. All predefined acceptance criteria was met, supporting the labeling claim that serum, Li-Heparin, K2-EDTA and K3-EDTA plasma are acceptable sample types.

# 4.9. Method Comparison to Predicate

A method comparison was performed with the Elecsys FT4 II assay (predicate device) and the Elecsys FT4 IV assay, using a total of 121serum samples on the cobas e 411 analyzer using one lot of the Elecsys FT4 II assay and one lot of the FT4 IV assay covering the entire measuring range. The sample concentrations were between 0.13 and $7 . 6 8 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ (1.65 and 98.8 pmol/L) for the reference method. The results can be found below $\mathrm { ( n g / d L ) }$ :

Passing Bablok $\tau = 0 . 9 6 7$

Linear regression r = 0.999

# 4.10. Reagent Stability

To test reagent stability, two studies completed, including:

 Study 1: Reagent stability after first opening at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ (84 days)  Study 2: On board reagent stability (28 days)

4.10.1. Reagent Stability After First Opening

Reagent stability after first opening for the Elecsys FT4 IV assay was tested on one cobas e 411 analyzer. Elecsys FT4 IV reagent kits can be used after first opening for up to 84 days when stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# 4.10.2. Reagent On-board stability (28 days)

On-board reagent stability for the Elecsys FT4 IV assay was tested on one cobas e 411 analyzer.   
Elecsys FT4 IV reagent kits can be stored on-board the analyzers for up to 28 days (4 weeks).

# 4.11. Calibration Stability

To test calibration stability, two studies were completed, including:

 Study 1. Lot calibration stability  Study 2. On-board calibration stability

4.11.1. Lot calibration study

Lot calibration frequency for the Elecsys FT4 IV assay was tested on one cobas e 411 analyzer. Calibrations of an Elecsys FT4 IV reagent lot is recommended every 28 days (1 month) when using the same reagent lot.

# 4.11.2. On-board Calibration Stability

Reagent on-board calibration frequency for Elecsys FT4 IV assay was tested on one cobas e 411 analyzer. Elecsys FT4 IV reagent kits can be stored on board of the analyzers for up to 7 days without a new calibration.

# 5. EXTERNAL (CLINICAL) TESTING

Not Applicable

# 6. CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

Not Applicable

# 7. EXPECTED VALUES/REFERENCE RANGE

A Reference Range study was performed in order to determine the specific reference intervals for Elecsys FT4 IV on the cobas e 411 immunoassay analyzer from health donors in the United States under routine laboratory conditions according to CLSI EP28-A3c. Serum samples from apparently healthy donors in the United States were obtained from a commercial vendor according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria. One clinical laboratory was contracted to measure samples with Elecsys FT4 IV assay on the cobas e 411 analyzer.

The calculated $9 5 \%$ reference range corresponds to the 2.5th and 97.5th percentiles of results obtained from 150 apparently healthy subjects is $0 . 9 2 - 1 . 6 8 ~ \mathrm { n g / d L }$ (11.9 – 21.6 pmol/L). The results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5th percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95 % CI of the 2.5thpercentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5th percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95 % CI of the 97.5thpercentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81-0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51-2.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4-12.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.4-25.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pmol/L</td></tr></table>

# 8. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The Elecsys FT4 IV is intended to be used with the following calibrators and controls:

FT4 IV CalSet  PreciControl Universal

FT4 IV CalSet, product code JIS, is a Class II 510(k) Exempt device and therefore, is not included with this submission.

PreciControl Universal, product code JJY, is a Class I 510(k) Exempt device and therefore, is not included with this submission.

# 9. CONCLUSIONS

The information provided in this 510(k) Premarket Notification supports the determination that the Elecsys FT4 IV assay is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Elecsys FT4 II (K131244).