Meridian Bioscience, Inc Jack Rogers Regulatory Affairs Principal 3471 River Hills Drive Cincinnati, Ohio 45244

Re: K220480 Trade/Device Name: Revogene Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.2570 Regulation Name: Instrumentation For Clinical Multiplex Test Systems Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OOI Dated: February 17, 2022 Received: February 18, 2022

Dear Jack Rogers:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief,   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K220480

# Device Name Revogene

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Revogene $\otimes$ instrument is intended for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use in performing nucleic acid testing of specific IVD assays in clinical laboratories. Revogene is capable of automated lysis and dilution of samples originating from various clinical specimen types. Revogene performs automated amplification and detection of target nucleic acid sequences by fluorescence-based real-time PCR.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

# 510(k) SUMMARY INSTRUMENT ONLY

A. Applicant Information Submission Date: Submitter Information:

February 17, 2022

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 3471 River Hills Drive Cincinnati, Ohio 45244

Contact Person:

Jack Rogers   
Regulatory Affairs Principal   
Meridian Bioscience, Inc   
Tel: 513-271-3700   
Email: Jack.Rogers $@$ meridianbioscience.com

# B. Proprietary and Established Names Revogene®

# C. Regulatory Information

Trade Name: Revogene®   
Common name: Revogene instrument   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.2570   
Regulation Name: Instrumentation for clinical multiplex systems   
Regulatory Classification: Class II   
Product Code: OOI – Real-time nucleic acid amplification   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry

# D. Purpose of Submission

To update the current Revogene® software with a PMT surveillance algorithm that includes an improvement to the Revogene System Software’s management of fluorescence results. This change does not affect the device’s intended use nor alter the device’s fundamental scientific technology.

# E. Intended Use

Intended Use:

The Revogene® instrument is intended for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use in performing nucleic acid testing of specific IVD assays in clinical laboratories. Revogene is capable of automated lysis and dilution of samples originating from various clinical specimen types. Revogene performs automated amplification and detection of target nucleic acid sequences by fluorescence-based real-time PCR.

Indications for Use:

See Intended Use statement.

Special Conditions for Use Statement:

For prescription use only For in vitro diagnostic use only

Special Instrument Requirements:

MOCK PIE (use if less than 8 samples processed in a single run)

# F. Device Modification Description

The Revogene was previously cleared under K170558. Meridian Biosciences, Inc. is submitting this 510(k) to implement a software modification to the Revogene that updates the current software with a PMT surveillance algorithm. The software monitors raw data fluorescence signal during assay testing and identifies issues due to a malfunction of the photomultiplier tube (the “PMT”), a key component in the Revogene instrument’s optics system used in the management of fluorescence signals. Upon detection of a PMT malfunction, the PMT surveillance algorithm software produces a specific error code to the user labeled “Detection Error” and will lock the instrument thereby preventing further use.

# G. Substantial Equivalence Information

Predicate device:

Revogene®

Predicate Device Number:

K170558

Comparison with Predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Revogene®(Subject of 510(k))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Revogene® (K170558)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Revogene® instrument is intended for invitro diagnostic (IVD) use in performing nucleicacid testing of specific IVD assays in clinicallaboratories. Revogene is capable of automatedlysis and dilution of samples originating fromvarious clinical specimen types. Revogeneperforms automated amplification and detectionof target nucleic acid sequences by fluorescence-based real-time PCR.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample PreparationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated cell lysis, DNAamplification andDNA detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode of Operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-time Polymerase chain reaction withfluorogenic detection of amplified DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample analysis andresult determination</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Combination of software, instrument controlprotocols and assay definition files developedand determined by Meridian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level of Concern</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes-result interpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleidentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The instrument has two barcode readers toidentify reagents and patient specimens. Itprovides traceability of the sample ID to the PIEID, SBT ID, and assay ID.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal ProcessControlDNA assays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Each PIE contains an internal process control(PrC) that controls for amplification inhibition,assay reagents, and sample processingeffectiveness.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal ProcessControlRNA assays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Each PIE contains an Internal Control (IC) thatcontrols for amplification inhibition, and assayreagents effectiveness.Sample processing is monitored by aMicrofluidic Control (MFC).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials available commercially but notrequired to run the test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA Extraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cell lysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimens per run</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Processes and analyzes up to 8 specimens perrun (8 PIEs)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One sample per PIE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIE can be used only once</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument OpticalChannels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains 4 optical channels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentCalibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The system is factory calibrated by themanufacturer and will undergo performancequalification testing on-site during annualpreventive maintenance. If qualification testingresults determine significant drift, the instrumentwill be returned to the manufacturer for re-calibration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software Change</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Update of the current software with a PMTsurveillance algorithm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

# H. Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

See K170558 (Revogene Instrument), K170557 (Revogene GBS LB), K172569 (Revogene C. difficile), K183366 (Revogene Strep A), and K190275 (Revogene Carba C) .

# 2. Clinical Performance

See K170558 (Revogene Instrument), K140557 (Revogene GBS LB), K172569 (Revogene C. difficile), K183366 (Revogene Strep A), K190275 (Revogene Carba C)

# I. Conclusion

The submitted information demonstrates that the modified Revogene instrument is safe, effective, and substantially equivalent to the legally marketed device.