AVIA Vascular   
$\%$ Jonathan Holmes   
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
MedVenture Health   
299 S Main Street, Suite 2300   
Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Re: K220258 Trade/Device Name: 20G Open-System Ally Device Kit (AV100000), 22G Open-System Ally Device Kit (AV110000) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA Dated: June 14, 2022 Received: June 15, 2022

Dear Jonathan Holmes:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

David Wolloscheck, Ph.D.   
For Payal Patel   
Assistant Director   
DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors   
OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K220258

Device Name 20G Open-System Ally Device Kit (AV100000); 22G Open-System Ally Device Kit (AV110000)

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

K220258 510(k) SUMMARY

# Submitter:

Kevin Cook   
President & CEO   
Avia Vascular   
6030 W. Harold Gatty Dr.   
Salt Lake City, UT 84116   
Phone: (801) 824-5375   
Email: kcook@avia-vascular.com

# Correspondent:

Jonathan Holmes   
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
299 S. Main St. Suite 2300   
Salt Lake City, UT 84111   
Phone: (801) 503-9065   
Email: jholmes@medventurehealth.com

# DATE PREPARED: July 14, 2022

# SUBJECT DEVICE:

Trade Name:

20G Open-System Ally Device Kit (AV100000);   
22G Open-System Ally Device Kit (AV110000)   
Blood Collection Tubes, Vials, Systems, Serum Separators Blood Specimen Collection Device   
Clinical Chemistry   
Class II   
JKA   
21 CFR 862.1675

Common Name: Regulation Name: Classification Panel: Regulatory Class: Product Code: Regulation Number:

# PREDICATE DEVICE:

Proprietary Name: PIVO™ Common Name: Blood Collection Tubes, Vials, Systems, Serum Separators Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device

Avia Vascular

# AVI VΛSCULAR

510(k) Number: K190604

# PRODUCT DESCRIPTION:

The Ally device by Avia Vascular is intended to be attached to a peripheral intravenous (PIV) catheter system for use as a needleless blood draw device into a vacuum tube or syringe. Once attached to a PIV catheter system, the Ally device functions by extending a conduit tube through the internal lumen of the PIV catheter so that the distal tip of the Ally conduit extends beyond the tip of the PIV catheter, allowing for sampling of blood. The Ally device is a sterile, single use device.

# INTENDED USE/INDICATION FOR USE:

Intended Use: Venous blood drawing.

Indications for Use: The Ally device is attached to a PIV catheter system for blood sampling into a vacuum tube or syringe.

# TECHNOLOGICAL COMPARISION TO PREDICATE DEVICE:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ally Blood CollectionDevice(K220258)(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIVOTM(K190604)(Predicate Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis ofDifferences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Ally device isattached to a PIVcatheter system forblood sampling into avacuum tube or syringe.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The PIVOTM deviceattaches to a peripheralIV catheter system foruse as a direct blood drawdevice into a vacuumtube or a syringe.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SubstantiallyEquivalentThe indication foruse is the same. Thedifference inphrasing does notalter the meaning ofthe indication for useor negatively impactthe clarity.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceConfigurationsand Colors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G - Pink22G - Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G - Pink22G - Blue24G - Yellow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SubstantiallyEquivalentThe subject deviceutilizes the sameprimary color as thepredicate forequivalent gaugesizes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Distal TubeMaterial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyimide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyimide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

#

# AVI VΛSCULAR

Avia Vascular   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ally Blood CollectionDevice(K220258)(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIVOTM(K190604)(Predicate Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis ofDifferences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proximal TubeMaterial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyurethane</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pebax</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DifferentPerformance andbiocompatibilitytesting pertaining tothe proximal tubing(leak, tensile,hemolysis) show thecomponent to beequivalent to thepredicate withrespect to applicablerequirements. Thesubject devices weredetermined to bebiocompatible fortheir intended useper ISO 10993-1testing as noted inthe summary below.Material differencedoes not raise newquestions for safetyor effectiveness withrespect to theintended use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inner TubingLength</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•20G and 22G Open-System - 6.253&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G-5.85&quot;22G - 5.85&quot;24G - 141.2mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DifferentDistal tube lengthsof the subject deviceare designed suchthat the tubing canbe extendedthroughout a PIVcatheter system inthe same manner asthe predicate.Appropriateness wasdemonstratedthrough testing(dimensional,hemolysis, flowtesting, usability).Differences in lengthdo not raise newquestions for safety</td></tr></table>

#

# AVIA VASCULAR

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ally Blood CollectionDevice(K220258)(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIVOTM(K190604)(Predicate Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis ofDifferences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>or effectiveness withrespect to theintended use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Outer Diameter(OD) of DistalInner Tubing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G Open-System-0.0270&quot;22G Open-System 0.0210&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20G = 0.709mm max22G = 0.543mm max 24G = 0.400mm max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyvek Pouch</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyvek Pouch</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sterilization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylene Oxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DifferentThe method ofsterilization for thesubject device wasfound to be valid fora sterility claim andappropriate throughpackaging,biocompatibility,and sterilizationevaluations. Bothsubject device andpredicate devices areclassified as sterile.</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE TESTING

The Ally Blood Collection Device was thoroughly tested and verifies that it performs as designed and is suitable for its intended use.

Performance Testing included the following:

• Flow Conduit Inner Diameter   
• Flow Conduit Outer Diameter   
• Flow Conduit Effective Length and Flow Conduit Exposure Length   
• Open-System Introducer Length   
• Extension Tubing Inner Diameter   
• Flow Conduit-to-Extension Tubing Assembly Tensile   
• Extension Leg-to-Stop Ring Assembly Tensile   
• Extension Tubing-to-Proximal Luer Assembly Tensile   
• Guide Cannula-to-Introducer Assembly Tensile   
• Introducer to Housing Retention

# AVIA VASCULAR

Sheathing Cannula Tensile Testing   
• Kink Diameter Aspiration Flow Rate   
• Leak Decay Housing Seal Leak Decay Testing   
Particulate testing per USP $< 7 8 8 >$

Biocompatibility per ISO 10993-1 for an external communicating device, limited ( ${ < } 2 4$ hour) blood contacting device.

• Cytotoxicity – MEM Elution – ISO 10993-5   
• Sensitization – ISO 10993-10   
• Irritation – ISO 10993-10   
• Material Mediated Pyrogenicity – ISO 10993-11   
• Acute Systemic Toxicity – ISO 10993-11   
• Hemolysis (direct and indirect) – ISO 10993-4   
• Mechanically Induced Hemolysis – ASTM F-756-17   
• Complement Activation Assay – C3a and SC5b9 Methods– ISO 10993-4   
• Partial Thromboplastin Time (PTT) – ISO 10993-4   
• Platelet and Leucocyte Count (PLC) – ISO 10993-4

The subject Ally device met all predetermined acceptance criteria and raised no new concerns regarding safety or effectiveness.

# CONCLUSION:

The subject Ally has been demonstrated to be substantially equivalent in design, materials, sterilization, principles of operation, performance, and indications for use to the predicate PIVO™ device (K190604). Any differences do not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness. Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.