Shijiazhuang Hipro Biotechnology Co., Ltd.   
$\%$ Hanson Chen, Official Correspondent   
Shenzhen Joyantech Consulting Co., Ltd.   
1713A, 17th Floor, Block A   
Zhongguan Times Square, Liuxian Avenue, Xili Town, Nanshan District Shenzhen, Gaungdong 518000   
China

Re: K220999 Trade/Device Name: Hipro Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbA1c) Test System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1373 Regulation Name: Hemoglobin A1c Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PDJ, LCP Dated: October 13, 2023 Received: October 13, 2023

Dear Hanson Chen:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Joshua Balsam -S

Joshua M. Balsam, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Chemistry and   
Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

51 0(k) Number (if known) K220999

Device Name Hipro $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbAlc) Test System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Hipro $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbAlc) Test System comprised of the Hipro Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbAlc) test kit and the HP-AFS/1 automatic immunoassay analyzer is used as an aid in diagnosis of diabetes mellitus, as an aid to identify patients who may be at risk for developing diabetes mellitus, and for the monitoring of long-term blood glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus. It is an in vitro diagnostics reagent system intended for quantitative determination of $\%$ hemoglobin Ale (DCCT/NGSP) in venous whole blood.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

<table><tr><td>Applicant Name</td><td>Shijiazhuang Hipro Biotechnology Co., Ltd.</td></tr><tr><td>Address</td><td>No. 3 Building, Block C Fang Yi Science Park, No. 365 Huai&#x27;an East Road, Hi-tech Zone, Shijiazhuang, 050000 Hebei, P.R. China</td></tr><tr><td>Phone No.</td><td>+86-311-83855889</td></tr><tr><td>Contact person</td><td>Bruce</td></tr><tr><td>Date Prepared</td><td>Sep 12, 2024</td></tr><tr><td>Website</td><td>http://www.hiprochina.com/</td></tr></table>

# 1.2 Submission Correspondent

<table><tr><td></td><td>Shenzhen Joyantech Consulting Co., Ltd 1713A, 17th Floor, Block A, Zhongguan Times Square, Liuxian Avenue, Xili Town, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong,</td></tr><tr><td>$X Phone No.</td><td>518000, China</td></tr><tr><td>Contact person</td><td>+86-755-86069197 Hanson Chen</td></tr><tr><td>Contact person&#x27;s e-mail</td><td>hanson@cefda.com</td></tr><tr><td>Website</td><td>http://www.cefda.com</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

2. Device information   

<table><tr><td>Trade name</td><td>Hipro® Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbA1c) Test System</td></tr><tr><td>Model</td><td>/</td></tr><tr><td>Classification</td><td>I</td></tr><tr><td>Classification name</td><td>Hemoglobin A1c Test System</td></tr><tr><td>Product code</td><td>PDJ, LCP</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation No.</td><td>862.1373</td></tr></table>

3. Legally Marketed Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td>Trade Name</td><td>D-100TM HbA1c</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number</td><td>K151321</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code</td><td>PDJ, LCP</td></tr><tr><td>Manufacturer</td><td>Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.</td></tr></table>

# 4. Device Description

The Hipro® Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) test system is intended for quantitative determination of $\%$ hemoglobin A1c (DCCT/NGSP) in venous whole blood. It is composed of Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) test kit and automatic immunoassay analyzer. Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) test kit consists of two reagents R1 and R2, which are liquid and ready to use. Reagent R1 contains glycine buffer and latex, and reagent R2 contains glycine buffer and two types of antibodies, Goat anti-mouse IgG, mouse anti-human HbAlc monoclonal antibody.

HP-AFS/1 Automatic Immunoassay Analyzer is made up of light absorption test module, scattered light test module, fluorescence test module, press components, data transmission interface and printer. And the absorption test module is made up of absorption light path unit, and lightabsorption sensor part. The scattered light test module is made up of scattered light path unit and scattered light sensor part.

# 5. Intended Use/Indication for Use

The Hipro $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbA1c) Test System comprised of the Hipro Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) test kit and the HP-AFS/1 automatic immunoassay analyzer is used as an aid in diagnosis of diabetes mellitus, as an aid to identify patients who may be at risk for developing diabetes mellitus, and for the monitoring of long-term blood glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus. It is an in vitro diagnostics reagent system intended for quantitative determination of $\%$ hemoglobin A1c (DCCT/NGSP) in venous whole blood.

6. Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:Hipro® Glycosylated Hemoglobin(HbA1c) Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:D-100TM HbA1c(K151321)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulationnumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1373</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1373</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PDJ, LCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PDJ, LCP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intendeduse/Indications for use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Hipro® GlycosylatedHemoglobin (HbA1c) Test Systemcomprised of the HiproGlycosylated hemoglobin(HbA1c) test kit and the HP-AFS/1automatic immunoassay analyzer isused as an aid in diagnosis ofdiabetes mellitus, as an aid toidentify patients who may be at riskfor developing diabetes mellitus,and for the monitoring of long-termblood glucose control in individualswith diabetes mellitus. It is an invitro diagnostics reagent systemintended for quantitativedetermination of % hemoglobinA1c (DCCT/NGSP) in venouswhole blood.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The D-100TM HbA1c test is intended forthe quantitative determination ofhemoglobin A1c (IFCC mmol/mol andNGSP %) in human whole blood usingion-exchange high-performance liquidchromatography (HPLC) on the D-100Hemoglobin Testing System.Hemoglobin A1c measurements are usedas an aid in diagnosis of diabetesmellitus, as an aid to identify patientswho may be at risk for developingdiabetes mellitus, and for the monitoringof long-term blood glucose control inindividuals with diabetes mellitus.The D-100TM HbA1c test is intended forProfessional Use Only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nephelometry ImmunoassayMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ion-exchange HPLC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestingEnvironment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimentype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Whole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrices</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K2-EDTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K2-EDTAK3-EDTAPotassium Oxalate/SodiumFluoride, Sodium Citrate,Sodium Heparin, LithiumHeparin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReportingUnits</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% HbA1c NGSP/DCCT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% HbA1c NGSP/DCCT and mmol/molIFCC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurementrange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3-14% HbA1c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5-20 % HbA1c15-195 mmol/mol HbA1c</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C for 12 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board stability for the D-100 HbA1ccalibrator pack and reagentsdemonstrated 90 days stability on the D-100 Hemoglobin Testing System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The assigned HbA1c value of theGlycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c)test kit is certified with the NationalGlycohemoglobinStandardization Program (NGSP).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The D-100 HbA1c test standardization istraceable to the International Federationof Clinical Chemistry (IFCC) referencecalibrators. The D-100 HbA1c assay isNGSP certified.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-clinical Performance Evaluation

The assigned HbA1c values of the Automatic Immunoassay Analyzer (Model: HP-AFS/1) is certified with the National Glycohemoglobin Standardization Program (NGSP). See NGSP website for current certification at http://www.ngsp.org.

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

# 7.1 Precision

Precision experiments were performed for the Glycosylated hemoglobin Test Kit based on CLSI Guideline EP5-A3 using four EDTA K2 whole blood samples with targeted HbA1c concentrations $5 . 2 \%$ , $6 . 4 \%$ , $8 . 0 \%$ and $1 2 . 3 \%$ ), two controls $6 \%$ and $1 1 \%$ ).Samples were analyzed on three Automatic Immunoassay Analyzer instruments using three lots of reagents. Each sample was analyzed in duplicate per run, two runs per day for 20 days. The samples were randomized in experiment. The results are shown below:

Analyzer 1 precision:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between lot</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.032</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.111</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.179</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.029</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.182</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.162</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.163</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.145</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.051</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.155</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.176</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.038</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.193</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td></tr></table>

Analyzer 2 precision:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.171</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr></table>

Analyzer 3 precision:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.093</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr></table>

All analyzers precision:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between lot</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Betweenanalyzer</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.171</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.061</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.171</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.188</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.031</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.191</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.158</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.030</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.028</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.093</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.188</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.182</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.183</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.172</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.031</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.030</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td></tr></table>

# 7.2 Method Comparison

A method comparison study was performed to compare the sample results from the candidate method, Hipro® Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) test kit on the Hipro HP-AFS/1 Automatic Immunoassay analyzer, to results from the Bio-Rad Hemoglobin Testing System. This study was conducted with the EDTA K2 whole blood samples.

One hundred and twenty (120) samples from the NGSP reference laboratory were used in the evaluation. These samples were measured by the NGSP reference laboratory using a Bio-Rad Hemoglobin Testing System (X axis) and by the Hipro® Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbA1c) Test System (Y axis).

All acceptance criteria for method comparison were met. The difference plots show there is good agreement between the Hipro® Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbA1c) Test System and the NGSP Bio-Rad Hemoglobin Testing System.

The table below summarizes the bias between the Hipro Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbA1c) Test System and the NGSP’s Bio-Rad Hemoglobin Testing System.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hipro Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbA1c) TestSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean bias vs. NGSP Bio-Rad</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0148</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean bias at lower 95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0470</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean bias at upper 95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0174</td></tr></table>

Bias at Concentration Data Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Bias</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.23%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.34%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.26%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.03%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.02%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.53%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0388</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31%</td></tr></table>

7.3 Total Error

Using the results of bias estimation $\%$ Bias) in the method comparison study and precision estimates in the precision study, the Total Error (TE) at the following concentrations $( 5 . 2 \% , 6 . 4 \%$ , $8 . 0 \%$ and $1 2 . 3 \%$ ) near the cut-off was calculated as follows:

$$
\% \mathrm { { T E } = \lvert \% B i a s \rvert + 1 . 9 6 \ast \% C V \ast ( 1 + \% B i a s / 1 0 0 ) }
$$

The results are presented in the tables below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|%Bias|</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%TE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.23%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.34%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.03%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.53%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr></table>

7.4 Linearity

One dilution series consisting of 9 levels were prepared using the EDTA K2 WB sample pools with HbA1c through mixing high and low concentrations at the upper and lower end of the measuring range. Samples were measured in triplicate and data analysis was done separately for each sample. Linear regression analysis was done according to $\mathrm { E P 6 - } 2 ^ { \mathrm { n d } }$ edition. Study result is provided in the table below.

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Low End of Linear Range (%)</td><td>High End of Linear Range (%)</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>R</td></tr><tr><td>HbA1c</td><td>4.3</td><td>14</td><td>1.0225</td><td>-0.1524</td><td>0.999</td></tr></table>

# 7.5 Endogenous Interference

A study evaluated several endogenous substances for potential interference with the measure of $\%$ HbA1c. The following five endogenous substances were evaluated:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td></tr></table>

Pooled whole blood samples with two HbA1c levels, one near the medical decision level and one above it, were spiked with the maximum level of the above five interferents in separate preparations resulting in 10 spiked samples. Another pool, without interferent, was equally prepared. A 10-level dilution series was then created for each of the 10 spiked samples by using the interferent free pool as the diluting reagent.

The experiment was performed with one reagent lot, one Hipro HP-AFS/1 Automatic Immunoassay analyzer, and in a single run from the same calibration. The ten dilution series were tested ten-fold for $\%$ HbA1c using the EDTA K2 WB sample only.

The mean of the ten replicates was determined and compared to the result from the reference sample (no interfering substance). The comparison was evaluated as a percent deviation. An interferent will be significant if it causes $> 7 \%$ deviation of a measurement in terms of $\%$ HbA1c.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Tested Concentration without Significant Interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9000mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15g/dL</td></tr></table>

# 7.8 Drug Interference

A study evaluated several drugs for potential interference with the measurement of $\%$ HbA1c using the EDTA K2 WB sample. The following drugs were studied:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Tested Concentration withoutSignificant Interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin-Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.66mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10mg/dL</td></tr></table>

The 16 commonly used drugs listed above were added to native patient samples and examined for potential effect on $\%$ HbA1c determination. Drug interference testing was performed with EDTA K2 WB samples at 2 different HbA1c levels. The two different HbA1c concentrations will be approximately $6 . 5 \%$ and $8 . 5 \%$ HbA1c. Each drug was added in two defined concentrations with concentration 1 being several times (typically 5 times) the maximum daily dosage and concentration 2 being the maximum daily dosage level. Samples were measured in ten-fold using the Hipro® Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbA1c) Test System. The median value was compared to the reference value (HbA1c sample with no drug added) and the deviation from the reference was calculated.

Significant interference is defined as $> \pm 7 \%$ deviation from the reference value observed. All acceptance criteria for drug interferences were met.

# 7.9 Cross-reactivity

Studies were performed to determine if the Hipro® Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) test kit demonstrates cross-reactivity with any of the following hemoglobin fractions and glycated albumin.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb A0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamylated Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glycated Albumin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labile Hb Alc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylated Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1a+b</td></tr></table>

# 7.10 Hemoglobin variants

Hemoglobin variant testing was conducted to determine if there was any significant interference with any of the major hemoglobin variants and the Hipro® Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) test kit. Hemoglobin variants are structurally altered hemoglobin molecules with at least one amino acid exchange compared to the normal beta chain of hemoglobin. These changes are caused by mutations in the coding region of the globin genes which encode the protein part of hemoglobin. The most common hemoglobin variants are HbS, HbC, HbD and HbE. Moreover, in some conditions, the fetal hemoglobin HbF is elevated. Also, the erythrocytes of some patients (e.g. beta thalassemia minor) contain elevated levels of HbA2. Therefore, it is crucial to ensure accurate HbA1c results from patients who are carriers of these variants.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemoglobinVariant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofSamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Variant ConcentrationRange (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range of%HbA1cConcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HbC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 - 66.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7-9.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HbD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.9 - 41.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2-10.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HbE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.8 - 30.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1-12.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HbF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3 - 40.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4-8.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HbS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.8 - 76.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1-9.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HbA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1 - 6.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7-9.7</td></tr></table>

Each sample was tested twice on one Hipro HP-AFS/1 Automatic Immunoassay analyzer. Results obtained with the Hipro® Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) test kit on the Hipro HP-AFS/1 Automatic Immunoassay analyzer will be compared to those obtained with the reference methods. Results are summarized in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Percent Relative Bias from Reference Methodat Low and High Concentrations of HbA1c Samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>~6.5 % HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>~9.0% HbA1c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb Variant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.77~3.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.15~4.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.79~5.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16~3.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.67~5.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00~4.17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Interference was observed when the concentration of HbF is &gt; 8%.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.08~6.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08~1.35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.79~5.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.02~0.00</td></tr></table>

8. Clinical testing

Not applicable.

9. Other information (such as required by FDA guidance/Test) Not applicable.

10. Conclusions Drawn from Non-Clinical and Clinical Tests The Hipro® Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbA1c) Test System is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device Bio-Rad D- $1 0 0 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ HbA1c (K151321).