September 5, 2023

Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics   
Declan Hynes   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Felindre Meadows   
Pencoed   
Bridgend, CF35 5PZ   
United Kingdom

Re: K221197 Trade/Device Name: VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Intact PTH II Reagent Pack Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1545 Regulation Name: Parathyroid Hormone Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CEW Dated: January 17, 2023 Received: January 17, 2023

Dear Declan Hynes:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K221197

Device Name VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Intact PTH II Reagent Pack

VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Intact PTH II Reagent Pack quantitatively measures intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH) in human serum and plasma (K2-EDTA, lithium heparin or sodium heparin) using the automated VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic System.

Intact PTH is indicated to aid in the diagnosis of hyperparathyroidism, hypoparathyroidism, differential diagnosis of hypocalcemia or hypercalcemia and for intraoperative measurement of iPTH levels.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K221197

1. Submitter name, address, contact

Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Felindre Meadows, Pencoed, Bridgend, United KingdomCF35 5PZ P: $( + 4 4 )$ 01656 778032; F: (585) 453-3113 Contact Person: Declan Hynes

# 2. Preparation Date

August 14th, 2023

3. Device Name: VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Intact PTH II Reagent Pack

Product Code: CEW

Regulation: 21 CFR 862.1545 Parathyroid hormone test system.

# 4. Predicate Device

The VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Intact PTH II Reagent Pack is substantially equivalent to the Roche Elecsys PTH assay, K070709

# 5. Device Description:

The VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Intact PTH II assay is performed using the VITROS Intact PTH II Reagent Pack and the VITROS Intact PTH II Calibrators on the VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic System.

VITROS Intact PTH II Reagent Pack contains:

1 reagent pack containing:

• 100 coated wells (biotinylated anti-PTH antibody, $2 \mathrm { u g / m l } )$ . $7 . 4 \mathrm { m L }$ assay reagent as buffer with bovine gamma globulin, bovine serum albumin, and antimicrobial agent. $7 . 4 \mathrm { m L }$ conjugate reagent (HRP-mouse monoclonal anti-PTH, $6 \mathrm { u g / m L }$ ) in buffer with bovine serum albumin and antimicrobial agent).

# 6. Intended use: Rx ONLY

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Intact PTH II Reagent Pack quantitatively measures intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH) in human serum and plasma (K2-EDTA, lithium heparin or sodium heparin) using the automated VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic System.

Indications for use:

Intact PTH is indicated to aid in the diagnosis of hyperparathyroidism, hypoparathyroidism, differential diagnosis of hypocalcemia or hypercalcemia and for intraoperative measurement of iPTH levels.

# 7. Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceRoche Elecsys PTH Assay,K070709, cleared 13July 2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceVITROSImmunodiagnosticProducts Intact PTH II ReagentPack</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rx ONLYFor in vitro diagnostic use only.The Elecsys PTHImmunoassay is for the invitro quantitativedetermination of intactparathyroid hormone inhuman serum and plasma forthe differential diagnosis ofhypercalcemia andhypocalcemia. The ElecsysPTH Immunoassay can beused intraoperatively.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse Monoclonal anti-PTH antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8-5000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionLimit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Sensitivity: 1 .2 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOB: 0.8 pg/m LLOD: 1.2 pg/mLLOQ: 1.2 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BasicPrinciple</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 8. Nonclinical performance

Precision/Reproducibility:

Precision was evaluated with patient pools on the systems in the table below following the CLSI document EP05.

The data presented are a representation of test performance and are provided as a guideline.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Conventional &amp; SI Units (pg/ml)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>No. of Obs.</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>No. of Days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean iPTHConc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>3600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>737</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4709</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>3600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>719</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1970</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4656</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr></table>

Linearity/assay measuring range: The linearity was established in accordance with the CLSI protocol EP06.

# Linearity/Measuring Range

<table><tr><td>VITROS System</td><td>Measuring (Reportable) Range</td></tr><tr><td>3600</td><td>6.85000 pg/mL (0.7530 pmol/L)</td></tr></table>

Traceability:

Calibration of the VITROS Intact PTH II test is traceable to in-house reference calibrators, which have been value-assigned to correlate to another commercially available test.

Detection Limits:

The Limit of Blank (LoB) for the VITROS IPTH II test is $0 . 8 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ , determined consistent with CLSI document EP17. The Limit of Detection (LoD) for the VITROS IPTH II test was determined consistent with CLSI document EP17 to be $1 . 2 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ . The observed LoQ at $20 \%$ CV was determined to be $1 . 2 \ : \mathrm { p g / m L }$ , consistent with CLSI document EP17.

Analytical Specificity:

# Limitations of the Procedure

# Known Interferences

The VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Intact PTH II test was screened for interfering substances at PTH concentrations of approximately $3 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (3.18 pmol/L) and $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (10.6 pmol/L) following CLSI EP07 10 and EP37. 11 The substances listed in the table demonstrated observed bias of $2 1 0 \%$ when tested at the concentrations shown.

For substances that were tested and did not interfere, refer to “Substances that do not Interfere.”

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Conventional Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Alternate Units</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Bias</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PTH Conc.(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PTH Activity(pmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin Sodium*</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174.25 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>3.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3877.4 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor(RF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>675 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8 .g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-14.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin Sodium*</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174.25 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3877.4 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor(RF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-14.0</td></tr></table>

\* The level of interference for Cefoxitin Sodium is within the therapeutic range for this compound and could lead to lower reported PTH concentrations for patients on this compound.

# Other Limitations

The results from this test should be used and interpreted only in the context of the overall clinical picture.   
• The VITROS Intact PTH II test will detect non-intact PTH molecules, such as the large Cterminal PTH fragment 7–84. PTH fragments, including 7–84, may cause falsely elevated PTH results in patients with abnormal renal function as these patients may have various concentrations of PTH fragments in their blood. In patients with atypical renal function, interpret the PTH result with caution, and do not make patient management decisions on the PTH result alone. 12 A study describing PTH fragmentation is provided in Lopez et al “Selected Reaction Monitoring Mass Spectrometric Immunoassay Responsive to Parathyroid Hormone and Related Variants.” 13   
• Heterophile as well as human anti-animal antibodies (most common human anti-mouse antibodies or HAMA) in serum or plasma of certain individuals are known to cause interference with immunoassays 14. The anti-animal antibodies may be present in blood samples from individuals regularly exposed to animals or who have received preparations of mouse monoclonal antibodies for diagnosis or therapy. Results inconsistent with clinical observations indicate the need for additional testing.   
• Patients taking Cefoxitin Sodium could have reported PTH concentrations that are negatively biased at levels indicated in the Known Interferences section. Rheumatoid factor concentrations less than $4 5 0 \ : \mathrm { I U / m L }$ have demonstrated no observed interference. Rheumatoid factor at concentrations of $6 7 5 \mathrm { \ : I U / m L }$ and above have been shown to falsely elevate PTH test results. Total protein at concentrations less than $9 . 4 \ \mathrm { g / d L }$ have demonstrated no observed interference. Total protein at concentrations of $1 1 . 8 \ : \mathrm { g / d L }$ and above have been shown to falsely decrease PTH test results.   
The VITROS Intact PTH II test has no high dose hook effect up to a concentration of $8 3 7 8 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (88807 pmol/L).

# Specificity

# Substances that Do Not Interfere

The substances listed in the table below were tested with the VITROS Intact PTH II test following CLSI EP07and EP37 and found not to cause bias $> 1 0 \%$ at PTH concentrations of approximately $3 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ ( $3 . 1 8 \ \mathrm { p m o l / L } )$ and $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ ( $1 0 . 6 \mathrm { p m o l / L } )$ ) at the test concentrations shown.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.6 mgdL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1033 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylcysteine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.0 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">920 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albuterol (salbutamol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0045 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.188 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alendronate sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.21 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aliskiren</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">255 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0258 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.835 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0542 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.73 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amlodipine besylate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.104 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.183 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">148 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.25 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">298 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atorvastatin calcium trihydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.162 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.34 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benazepril HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.044 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.954 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin, conjugated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.0 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin, unconjugated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.0 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.351 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.3 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">556 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcitriol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.432 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ceftriaxone disodium hemi (heptahydrate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.99 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1510 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cephalexin sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">363 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.3 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cinacalcet Hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0259 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.657 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ciprofloxacin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.2 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clarithromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.720 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.63 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.240 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.6 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextran</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2400 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00156 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0575 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0039 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0499 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0884 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.03 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dipyrone (4-methylaminoantipyrine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">152 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enalaprilat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0819 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.35 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epoetin alfa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20,000 mU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equilin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5539 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0297 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0011 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid dipotassium salt (EDTA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.137 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.39 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130,000 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fibrinogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.4 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.142 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.59 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fosrenol (Lanthanum Carbonate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.300 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.59 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.1 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glyburide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.072 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.46 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Guaifenesin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.450 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.7 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.0 g/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Anti-Mouse Antibodies (HAMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800 ug/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.113 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.79 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herarin (Lithium or Sodium)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">330 units/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.9 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1060 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-dopa (Levodopa)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.0 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levothyroxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0429 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.552 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loratadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0087 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.271 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1560 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0588 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.70 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omeprazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.84 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.3 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Oxycodone HCl</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">0.0362 mg/dL           1.03 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.03 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paricalcitol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.750 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">238 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0099 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.276 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propranolol HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.115 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.88 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudopehedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.330 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.0 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.17 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.4 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rifampicin (Rifampin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.80 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58.3 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicyclic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.86 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Azide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15,382 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spironolactone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0555 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.33 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Terazosin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0273 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.579 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0585 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.31 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglycerides, total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(16.9 mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vancomycin hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.8 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Warfarin sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.03 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">243 μmol/L</td></tr></table>

# Cross-Reactivity

The cross-reactivity of the VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Intact PTH II test was evaluated by adding the following substances to serum samples containing no PTH.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Substance</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mean Cross-reactant Sample Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alkaline Phosphatase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-Cross laps</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcitonin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Osteocalcin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PTH 1-34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PTH 39-84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PTH 7-84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>613.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.3</td></tr></table>

\*Not Detectable (ND). Concentration was below the measuring interval of the test, 6.8–5000 pg/mL (0.7–530 pmol/L).

The cross-reactivity of the VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Intact PTH II test was evaluated by adding the following substances to serum samples containing PTH at a concentration of approximately $3 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (3.18 pmol/L).

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Substa nce</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mean Control Sample Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mean Cross-rea cta nt SampleResult</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlkalinePhosphatase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-Cross laps</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcitonin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Osteocalcin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PTH 1-34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PTH 39-84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PTH 7-84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>778.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.1</td></tr></table>

Assay cut-off: Not applicable.

# Comparison studies:

Method comparison with predicate device:

Accuracy was evaluated consistent with CLSI document EP09. The table shows the results of a method comparison study using patient (serum) samples analyzed on the VITROS iPTH II assay compared with those analyzed on a commercially available PTH assay.

Regression Results – VITROS Intact PTH II on the VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic System versus a Commercially available PTH assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>System</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Conventional and SIUnits (pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Alternate Units (pmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range ofSampleConc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range ofSampleConc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITROS 3600 vs. ComparativeMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.74384</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8464.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr></table>

# Matrix comparison:

The results met the acceptance criteria for the comparison between serum and plasma (serum, K2-EDTA, Li-Hep, and Na-Hep) specimens spanning the expected measuring interval. The serum and plasma specimen matrices tested were determined to be equivalent. Based on the analysis, serum and plasma (K2-EDTA, Li-Hep, and Na-Hep) are suitable specimen matrices for use with the VITROS Intact PTH II assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passing and BablokRegression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li-HepPlasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NaHep Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA Plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.988</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corr. Coef r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.973</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr></table>

# Specimens Recommended

Serum, Plasma K2-EDTA, Li-Heparin, and Na-Heparin

# Specimens Not Recommended

Do not use turbid specimens. Turbidity in specimens may affect test results.

Do not use hemolysed samples as hemolysis may affect test results.

# Clinical studies:

a. Clinical Sensitivity: Not applicable.   
b. Clinical Specificity: Not applicable.   
c. Other clinical supportive data:

A clinical study was performed to confirm the effectiveness of the VITROS Intact PTH II assay for Intra-operative (IO) use. Sets of specimens from 32 subjects that qualified for the primary endpoints (described below), that met the inclusion criteria, and which were not excluded based on exclusion criteria, were analyzed using the VITROS Intact PTH II assay on the VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic system.

The following Inclusion/Exclusion criteria were used:

# Inclusion Criteria

Men and women ${ > } 2 1$ years of age.   
Undergoing first parathyroidectomy procedure with intraoperative parathyroid (PTH) testing.   
Able to provide a minimum of $5 \mathrm { m l }$ of blood per collection timepoint, with a maximum of $1 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ blood per collection timepoint.

# Exclusion Criteria

• Known HIV infection. Individuals who are unable to provide informed consent. Individuals unable to provide a minimum sample volume of $5 \mathrm { m l }$ of whole blood per timepoint.

Specimens underwent testing in single replicates on both the VITROS Intact PTH II assay and the comparator (hospital’s) assay.

For this clinical study, the following criterion was utilized to determine ‘success’.

Success Criterion: A successful surgery is defined to be a $50 \%$ or greater drop in PTH level from the greater of the pre-incision or pre-excision baseline values to the postexcision test result after the last parathyroid gland excision.

The analyses were based on agreement between the VITROS Intact PTH II assay (investigational device) and the assays used by participating surgeons/sites (comparator devices cleared by the FDA for use intra-operatively), utilizing the same criteria of a successful surgery for each. Concordance between the hospital’s assay and the VITROS Intact PTH II assay is presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PTH Assay Used DuringSurgery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Successful</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unsuccessful</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS IntactPTH II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Successful</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unsuccessful</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr></table>

Primary Endpoint Positive Agreement $= 2 9 / 2 9 = 1 0 0 \%$ Primary Endpoint Negative Agreement $: = 3 / 3 = 1 0 0 \%$ Primary Endpoint Overall Agreement $= 3 2 / 3 2 = 1 0 0 \%$

Clinical cut-off:

Not applicable.

Expected values/Reference range:

It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own reference interval for the population it serves. The VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Intact PTH II test $9 5 \%$ Reference Interval was established, based on 134 self-reported healthy donors.

Subjects were excluded if they met any of the following exclusion criteria:

• Family history of parathyroid or calcium regulatory disease. Personal history of kidney disease, GI disease, liver disease, endocrine disease, parathyroid disease, seizures, osteoporosis or bone disease. Use of drugs that affect calcium, phosphorus, vitamin D/bone metabolism or vitamin D absorption or the use of drugs that have been reported to interfere with PTH tests.

• Additional testing conducted to exclude subjects based on following criteria:

$\bigcirc$ Calcium: $8 . 4 - 1 0 . 2 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ $\bigcirc$ Magnesium: $1 . 6 - 2 . 3 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ o Alkaline phosphatase: $3 8 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 1 2 6 \mathrm { U / L }$ $\bigcirc$ Phosphate: $2 . 5 - 4 . 5 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ $\bigcirc$ TSH: 0.465 – 4.68 mIU/L

# Reference Interval

It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own reference interval for the population it serves.

The VITROS Intact PTH II test $9 5 \%$ Reference Interval was established, based on 134 selfreported healthy donors.

The lower and upper reference limits are shown in the table below.

# VITROS Intact PTH II test $9 5 \%$ Reference Interval

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conventional Units(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alternate Units(pmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5-79.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 - 8.4</td></tr></table>

This reference interval is the central $9 5 \%$ of results of a study of 134 patients with normal calcium, magnesium, alkaline phosphatase, phosphate and TSH values.

# 8. Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient, and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.