Beckman Coulter, Inc. Kuljeet Kaur Regulatory Affairs Manager 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318

Re: K221225 Trade/Device Name: Access TSH (3rd IS) Assay, DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1690 Regulation Name: Thyroid Stimulating Hormone Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JLW, JJE Dated: August 30, 2022 Received: August 30, 2022

Dear Kuljeet Kaur:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100). Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Device Name

Access TSH (3rd IS) Assay, DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Access TSH (3rd IS) assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (thyrotropin, TSH, hTSH) levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Measurements of thyroid stimulating hormone produced by the anterior pituitary are used in the diagnosis of thyroid or pituitary disorders. This assay is capable of providing 3rd generation TSH results.

The DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer is an in vitro diagnostic device used for the quantitative, semiquantitative, or qualitative determination of various analyte concentrations found in human body fluids.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

510(k) Number: k221225

Date Prepared: November 09, 2022

Submitter Name and address Beckman Coulter, Inc 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318

# Primary Contact:

# Alternate Contact:

Kuljeet Kaur Regulatory Affairs Manager Email: kkaur@beckman.com Phone: (952) 465-1914

Kate Oelberg   
Senior Staff Quality and Regulatory Affairs   
Email: kmoelberg@beckman.com   
Phone: (612)-431-7315

Trade Name: Access TSH (3rd IS) Assay

Common Name: Thyroid stimulating hormone assay

Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 862.1690

Classification Product Code: JLW

Trade Name: DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer

Common Name: Discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use

Classification Name: Discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use

Classification Regulation:21 CFR 862.2160

Classification Product Code: JJE

# Predicate Devices:

Access TSH (3rd IS) Assay, 510(k) Number k153651   
Access 2 Immunoassay System, 510(k) Number k121214

# Device Description

Access TSH (3rd IS) assay is a two-site immunoenzymatic (“sandwich”) assay. The Access TSH (3rd IS) reagent kit is in a liquid ready-to-use format designed for optimal performance on Beckman Coulter’s immunoassay analyzers. Each reagent kit contains two reagent packs. Other items needed to run the assay include substrate, calibrators and wash buffer.

The DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer is a fully automated, continuous, random-access sample processing and analysis instrument. The DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer uses enzyme immunoassays (utilizing paramagnetic particle solid phase and chemiluminescent detection) for the quantitative, semi-quantitative or qualitative determination of various analyte concentrations found in human body fluids.

# Intended Use

The Access TSH (3rd IS) assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (thyrotropin, TSH, hTSH) levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. Measurements of thyroid stimulating hormone produced by the anterior pituitary are used in the diagnosis of thyroid or pituitary disorders. This assay is capable of providing 3rd generation TSH results.

The DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer is an in vitro diagnostic device used for the quantitative, semi-quantitative, or qualitative determination of various analyte concentrations found in human body fluids.

# Comparison Tables:

Comparison of TSH $( 3 ^ { r d } \mid \mathsf { S } )$ on DxI 9000 to the predicate (Assay)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SystemAttribute /Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TSH (3rd IS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TSH (3rd IS) K153651</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Access TSH (3rd IS) assay is a paramagneticparticle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for thequantitative determination of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (thyrotropin, TSH, hTSH) levelsin human serum and plasma using the AccessImmunoassay Systems. This assay is capable ofproviding 3rd generation TSH results.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyteMeasured</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human thyroid-stimulating hormone(thyrotropin, TSH, hTSH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WHO 3rd International ReferencePreparation ThyroidStimulating Hormone, Human (NIBSCCoded 81/565)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Utilizes a stored calibrationcurve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01 - 50.0 µlU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Comparison of Technological Characteristics to the Predicate (Instrument)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SystemAttribute ICharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TSH (3rd IS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TSH (3rd IS) K153651</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable at 2 to 10°C for 28 days after initial use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Packformulation andpackaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Reagent Pack formulation and packaging.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dxl 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UniCel Dxl 800Immunoassay System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lumi-Phos PRO substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Substrate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentConfigurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two configurations:1)200 determinations, 2 packs, 100tests/pack (predicate and candidate device)2) 400 determinations, 2 packs, 200tests/pack (candidate only)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One Configuration:200 determinations, 2packs,100 tests/pack</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SystemAttribute ICharacteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dxl 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Access 2 ImmunoassaySystem K121214</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Dxl 9000 Access ImmunoassayAnalyzer is an in vitro diagnosticdevice used for the quantitative, semi-quantitative, or qualitativedetermination of various analyteconcentrations found in human bodyfluids.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Access 2 system is an in vitrodiagnostic device used for thequantitative, semi-quantitative, orqualitative determination of variousanalyte concentrations found inhuman body fluids.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signal Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photons generated by chemiluminescentsubstrate reactingwith alkaline phosphatase.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signal Detector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photomultiplier tube (PMT)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal data reduction methods viamicrocomputer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Output</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digital display and PDF file creation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digital display and printed alpha-numeric hard copy</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TemperatureControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The following modules are temperaturecontrolled:Reaction build and reactionincubationSubstrate reaction zoneReagent storageSample aliquot storageReagent pipettorsDispense probes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The following modules aretemperature controlled:•  Reaction incubationSubstrate reaction zoneReagent storage</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleLLoadingCapacity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133 sample containers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 sample containers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleStorageCapacity (on-board)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">268 sample vessels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentCapacity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 Access Reagent packs on board</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 Access Reagent packs on board.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput(Maximumtests/hour)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofReagentPipettors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Four</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One</td></tr></table>

# Summary of studies:

Method Comparison: A method comparison study was performed to compare the Access TSH (3rd IS) assay on DxI 9000 to the predicate device. A total of one hundred and eleven (111) serum samples falling within the measuring range of the Access TSH (3rd IS) assay were evaluated. The results of the method comparison study met the acceptance criteria of $\mathsf { R 2 } \geq 0 . 9 0$ and slope $1 . 0 0 \pm 0 . 1 0$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofsamples(N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access 2 VariableRange Concentration(ulU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope 95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept 95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01,47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04, 1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.10,-0.0037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr></table>

Imprecision: On the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer, within-laboratory (total) $\%$ CV ranged from $2 . 5 \%$ to $4 . 5 \%$ , for TSH concentrations $> 0 . 0 2 \mu \mu \mu / \mu \mathrm { L }$ . The within-laboratory (total) SD ranged from 0.0007 to 0.0014 for TSH concentrations $\leq 0 . 0 2 \ : \mathrm { m } | \mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Concentration (ulU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratory(Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility: The Access TSH (3rd IS) assay is designed to meet the requirements for reproducibility on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer with an $\mathsf { S D } \leq 0 . 0 0 3 8$ for values ≤ 0.02 uIU/mL and $\mathsf { C V } < 1 3 . 0 \%$ for values $> 0 . 0 2$ uIU/mL.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Concentration (ulU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr></table>

Linearity: The Access Total TSH (3rd IS) assay is linear on the DxI 9000 Immunoassay Analyzer throughout the analytical measuring interval of approximately 0.01 - 50.0 µIU/mL (mIU/L).

Limit of Blank (LoB): The LoB for TSH (3rd IS) is 0.002 µIU/mL on DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer.

Limit of Detection (LoD): The LoD estimate for the TSH (3rd IS) assay is 0.003 µIU/mL on DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer.

Limit of Quantitation (LoQ): The maximum LoQ determined for the TSH $\left( 3 \mathrm { r d } | \mathsf { S } \right)$ assay is $0 . 0 0 1 ~ \mu \mu \mathrm { { I U / m L } }$ on DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer). Following the CLSI EP17-A2 recommendation that the LoQ must be greater than or equal to LoD, the LoQ value is reported as $0 . 0 0 3 \mu \mathrm { | U / m L }$ to align with LoD.

# Substantial Equivalence Comparison Conclusion

Beckman Coulter’s TSH (3rd IS) Assay on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer is substantially equivalent to the Access TSH (3rd IS) Assay on the Access 2 Immunoassay System as demonstrated through the information and data provided in this submission. The performance testing presented in this submission provides evidence that the device is safe and effective in its intended use.