# January 26, 2023

Meridian Bioscience, Inc Jack Rogers Regulatory Affairs Principal 3471 River Hills Drive Cincinnati, Ohio 45244

Re: K222779 Trade/Device Name: Revogene Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.2570 Regulation Name: Instrumentation For Clinical Multiplex Test Systems Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OOI Dated: September 14, 2022 Received: September 14, 2022

Dear Jack Rogers:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K222779

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Revogene $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ instrument is intended for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use in performing nucleic acid testing of specific IVD assays in clinical laboratories. Revogene is capable of automated lysis and dilution of samples originating from various clinical specimen types. Revogene performs automated amplification and detection of target nucleic acid sequences by fluorescence-based real-time PCR.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE DETERMINATIONDECISION SUMMARYINSTRUMENT ONLY

A. Applicant Information Submission Date: Submitter Information:

September 14, 2022

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 3471 River Hills Drive Cincinnati, Ohio 45244

Contact Person:

Jack Rogers   
Regulatory Affairs Principal   
Meridian Bioscience, Inc   
Meridian Bioscience, Inc   
Tel: 513.991.2319   
Email: Jack.Rogers $@$ meridianbioscience.com

# B. Proprietary and Established Names

# C. Regulatory Information

Trade Name: Revogene®   
Common name: Revogene instrument   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.2570   
Regulation Name: Instrumentation for clinical multiplex systems   
Regulatory Classification: Class II   
Product Code: OOI – Real-time nucleic acid amplification   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75)

# D. Purpose of Submission

To upgrade the current Revogene® firmware to add a cooling sequence before lid opening in case of run interruption. This change does not affect the device’s intended use nor alter the device’s fundamental scientific technology.

# E. Intended Use

Intended Use:

The Revogene® instrument is intended for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use in performing nucleic acid testing of specific IVD assays in clinical laboratories. Revogene is capable of automated lysis and dilution of samples originating from various clinical specimen types. Revogene performs automated amplification and detection of target nucleic acid sequences by fluorescence-based real-time PCR.

Indications for Use:

See Intended Use statement.

Special Conditions for Use Statement:

For prescription use only For in vitro diagnostic use only MOCK PIE (optional)

Special Instrument Requirements:

# F. Device Modification Description

The Revogene was previously cleared under K220480. Meridian Biosciences, Inc. is submitting this Special 510(k) to implement a modification to the Revogene firmware in order to add a cooling sequence before lid opening in case of run interruption. The cooling sequence is added to ensure that users do not have access to hot parts upon run abortion.

# G. Substantial Equivalence Information

Predicate device: Revogene®

Predicate Device Number:

Comparison with Predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Revogene®(Subject of Special 510(k))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Revogene® (K220480)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Revogene® instrument is intendedfor in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use inperforming nucleic acid testing ofspecific IVD assays in clinicallaboratories. Revogene is capable ofautomated lysis and dilution of samplesoriginating from various clinicalspecimen types. Revogene performsautomated amplification and detection oftarget nucleic acid sequences byfluorescence-based real-time PCR.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Revogene(Subject of Special 510(k))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Revogene® (K220480)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePreparationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated cell lysis, DNAamplificationand DNA detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-time Polymerase chain reactionwith fluorogenic detection of amplifiedDNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample analysisand resultdetermination</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Combination of software, instrumentcontrol protocols and assay definitionfiles developed and determined byMeridian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level ofConcern</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutomaticAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes-result interpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleidentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The instrument has two barcode readersto identify reagents and patientspecimens. It provides traceability of thesample ID to the PIE ID, SBT ID, andassay ID.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal ProcessControlDNA assays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Each PIE contains an internal processcontrol (PrC) that controls foramplification inhibition, assay reagents,and sample processing effectiveness.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal ProcessControlRNA assays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Each PIE contains an Internal Control(IC) that controls for amplificationinhibition, and assay reagentseffectiveness.Sample processing is monitored by aMicrofluidic Control (MFC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials available commercially but notrequired to run the test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA Extraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cell lysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimens perrun</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Processes and analyzes up to 8specimens per run (8 PIEs)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One sample per PIE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIE can be used only once</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentOpticalChannels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains 4 optical channels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Revogene®(Subject of Special 510(k))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Revogene® (K220480)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentCalibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The system is factory calibrated by themanufacturer, and will undergoperformance qualification testing on-siteduring annual preventive maintenance.If qualification testing results determinesignificant drift, the instrument will bereturned to the manufacturer for re-calibration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FirmwareCoolingSequence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Firmware Configuration Modificationfor the stop sequence to add a coolingsequence before lid opening in the caseswhere runs are interrupted by theinstrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No cooling sequence in thecases where runs areinterrupted by the instrument</td></tr></table>

# H. Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

See K220480 (Revogene Instrument), K170557 (Revogene GBS LB), K172569 (Revogene C. difficile), K183366 (Revogene Strep A), and K190275 (Revogene Carba C).

2. Clinical Performance

See K220480 (Revogene Instrument), K190275 (Revogene Carba C), K183366 (Revogene Strep A), K172569 (Revogene C. difficile), and K170557 (Revogene GBS LB).

# I. Proposed Labeling

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.

# J. Conclusion

The submitted information demonstrates that the modified Revogene instrument is safe, effective, and substantially equivalent to the legally marketed device.