Abbott Diabetes Care Inc. Catherine Yang Regulatory Affairs Manager 1360 South Loop Road Alameda, California 94502

Re: K222447 Trade/Device Name: FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System, FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1355 Regulation Name: Integrated Continuous Glucose Monitoring System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QBJ, NBW Dated: August 12, 2022 Received: August 15, 2022

Dear Catherine Yang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Marianela Perez-torres -S

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use (Describe)

Th reeSyle LibreFlash Gucse Monirn Sstes  cius uc oring GM device wital e l glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions, unless otherwise indicated.

The System also detects trends and tracks patterns and aids in the detection o episodes of hyperglycemia and based on the glucose trends and several sequential readings over time.

The Syststenusycatglyvicat os Aystes. The Systecan e use alone cnjucn wi these gitaly coe devic e purpose of managing diabetes.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turiaiontveurs c tme t review instructions, search existing data sources, gatherand maintain the data needed and coplet and review the collection information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Device Name FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System is a real time continuous glucosemonitoring (CGM) vr pablit ne  l. It replace blood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions, unless otherwise indicated.

The System also detects trends and tracks patterns and aids in the detection of episodes o hyperglycemia and based on the glucose trends and several sequential readings over time.

The Systes lstendeouslyicatewi dgitallycte vincluduteu os AssThe ysn  s lonnui the gi vi purpose of managing diabetes.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenolctiotitat veror ncl time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gatherand maintain thedata needed and coplete and review the colection f information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K222447

# 1.1. Submitter:

Abbott Diabetes Care Inc. 1360 South Loop Road Alameda, CA 94502

Contact: Catherine Yang Title: Manager, Regulatory Affairs Phone: (510) 206-9452 Fax: (510) 864-4791

Date Prepared: March 1, 2023

# 1.2. Device Names and Classification:

Name of Device: FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System   
Common Name: Integrated Continuous Glucose Monitoring System, Factory Calibrated   
Regulatory Section(s): 21 CFR 862.1355, 21 CFR 862.1345   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code(s): QBJ, NBW   
Review Panel: Clinical Chemistry

Name of Device:

FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System

Common Name: Integrated Continuous Glucose Monitoring System, Factory Calibrated   
Regulatory Section(s): 21 CFR 862.1355   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code(s): QBJ   
Review Panel: Clinical Chemistry

# 1.3. Predicate Device

Predicate Device:

FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System (K210943, cleared on November 22, 2021)

Reference Devices:

1) FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (K213996 and K212132 cleared May 26, 2022)

The reference device is used only to support the substantial equivalence of the FreeStyle Libre 3 subject device to the predicate device. With the exception of the modified Sensor tail, the FreeStyle Libre 3 subject device is physically identical to the reference device and uses the same cybersecurity design and controls. Therefore, testing completed for the reference device in the areas of sterilization, biocompatibility, shelf-life stability, packaging integrity/shipping integrity, mechanical engineering, electrical safety and electromagnetic compatibility, and cybersecurity applies to the FreeStyle Libre 3 subject device.

# 1.4. Indications for Use

# 1.4.1. FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System

The FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System is a continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) device with real time alarms capability indicated for the management of diabetes in persons age 2 and older. It is intended to replace blood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions, unless otherwise indicated.

The System also detects trends and tracks patterns and aids in the detection of episodes of hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia, facilitating both acute and long-term therapy adjustments. Interpretation of the System readings should be based on the glucose trends and several sequential readings over time.

The System is also intended to autonomously communicate with digitally connected devices, including automated insulin dosing (AID) systems. The System can be used alone or in conjunction with these digitally connected devices for the purpose of managing diabetes.

# Contraindication

MRI/CT/Diathermy: The System must be removed prior to Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Computed Tomography (CT) scan, or high-frequency electrical heat (diathermy) treatment. The effect of MRI, CT scans, or diathermy on the performance of the System has not been evaluated. The exposure may damage the Sensor and may impact proper function of the device which could cause incorrect readings.

# 1.4.2. FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System

The FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System is a real time continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) device with alarms capability indicated for the management of diabetes in persons age 2 and older. It is intended to replace blood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions, unless otherwise indicated.

The System also detects trends and tracks patterns and aids in the detection of episodes of hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia, facilitating both acute and long-term therapy adjustments. Interpretation of the System readings should be based on the glucose trends and several sequential readings over time.

The System is also intended to autonomously communicate with digitally connected devices, including automated insulin dosing (AID) systems. The System can be used alone or in conjunction with these digitally connected devices for the purpose of managing diabetes.

# Contraindication

MRI/CT/Diathermy: The System must be removed prior to Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Computed Tomography (CT) scan, or high-frequency electrical heat (diathermy) treatment. The effect of MRI, CT scans, or diathermy on the performance of the System has not been evaluated. The exposure may damage the Sensor and may impact proper function of the device which could cause incorrect readings.

# 1.5. Device Description

The FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System (with modified Sensor tail), hereinafter also referred to as ‘modified FSL2 System’ and FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (with modified Sensor tail), hereinafter also referred to as ‘modified FSL3 System’ are integrated continuous glucose monitoring (iCGM) systems that provide continuous glucose measurements every minute to provide glucose levels, trends, and real-time alarms capability to aid in the management of diabetes. The Systems also provide configurable alarms designed to warn the user of Low Glucose, High Glucose or Signal Loss. The user may make treatment decisions based in part on the Sensor glucose results provided by the Systems. The Systems require a prescription and are intended for home use.

The FreeStyle Libre 2 System consists of the FreeStyle Libre 2 Sensor and either the FreeStyle Libre 2 Reader or the FreeStyle Libre 2 App downloaded to a compatible smartphone as a primary display device. The FreeStyle Libre 3 System consists of the FreeStyle Libre 3 Sensor and the FreeStyle Libre 3 App downloaded to a compatible smartphone as a primary display device.

Both the FreeStyle Libre 2 and FreeStyle Libre 3 Systems are compatible with the Libre Data Sharing API cleared in K223537. The display device of the connected FreeStyle Libre 2 or FreeStyle Libre 3 Systems, which directly receives the data from the Sensor, continues to serve as a primary display device for the glucose data and alarms.

# 1.5.1. FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System

FreeStyle Libre 2 Sensor

The Sensor is single use, disposable, and powered by a silver oxide battery. The Sensor is provided as two secondary components, Sensor Applicator and Sensor Pack (electron beam sterilized device) which are used to assemble and apply the Sensor to the back of the user’s arm. During Sensor application, the sensor tail is inserted below the surface of the skin through the guidance of a needle. The needle is retracted back into the applicator after insertion, and the Sensor remains attached to the skin with a medical grade adhesive. The Sensor continuously measures glucose concentration in interstitial fluid and has an 8-hour memory capacity. The Sensor is factory calibrated, does not require fingerstick calibration, and can be worn for up to 15 days.

# FreeStyle Libre 2 Reader

• The Reader is a small handheld device that is powered by a lithium-ion rechargeable battery and uses NFC communication to start new Sensors and to scan Sensors to display and record data and uses BLE communication to issue alarms that notify the user to scan his/her sensor when glucose values pass a high or low glucose threshold. The Reader also has a built-in strip port with blood glucose functionality (that is intended to work with the FreeStyle Precision Neo Blood Glucose test strips, cleared under K171941), and a user interface that includes event logging features.

# FreeStyle Libre 2 App (iOS and Android)

The App’s design, functionality and user interface is based on the handheld Reader. When downloaded to a compatible smartphone, the App uses NFC communication to start new Sensors and to scan Sensors to display and record data and uses BLE communication to issue alarms. As a mobile application, the FreeStyle Libre 2 App allows connectivity with cloud-based applications. The FreeStyle Libre 2 App is an alternative primary display for the System and does not interact with the Reader. The FreeStyle Libre 2 App is distributed using the Apple App Store and Google Play Store, and a list of compatible devices is accessible in the App via the Help feature or product website.

# 1.5.2. FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System

FreeStyle Libre 3 Sensor

The Sensor is single use, disposable, and powered by a silver oxide battery. The Sensor is provided through a Sensor Applicator (which includes an electron beam sterilized subcomponent) which is used to apply the Sensor to the back of the user’s arm. During Sensor application, the sensor tail is inserted below the surface of the skin through the guidance of a needle. The needle is retracted back into the applicator after insertion, and the Sensor remains attached to the skin with a medical grade adhesive. The Sensor continuously measures glucose concentration in interstitial fluid and has a 15-day memory capacity. The Sensor is factory calibrated, does not require fingerstick calibration, and can be worn for up to 15 days.

# FreeStyle Libre 3 App (iOS or Android)

• When downloaded to a compatible smartphone, the FreeStyle Libre 3 App uses NFC communication to start new Sensors and BLE communication to display glucose data and issue alarms based on the measurements calculated by the Sensor. As a mobile application, the FreeStyle Libre 3 App allows connectivity with cloud-based applications. The FreeStyle Libre 3 App is distributed using the Apple App Store and Google Play Store and a list of compatible devices is accessible in the App via the Help feature or product website.

# 1.6. Substantial Equivalence

The similarities and differences between the subject and the predicate devices are highlighted in the tables below.

1.6.1. FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device: FreeStyle Libre 2 FlashGlucose Monitoring System (with modifiedSensor tail) (K222447)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: FreeStyle Libre 2Flash Glucose Monitoring System(K210943)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The System is intended to monitor interstitialfluid glucose concentrations and communicatewith digitally connected devices for thepurpose of managing a disease or conditionrelated to glycemic control.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated CGM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary displaydevice(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Libre 2 Reader or FreeStyle Libre 2App (iOS or Android)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible operatingsystems andhardware platformfor App</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">App is compatible with iOS and Applesmartphone; Android operating system andAndroid-enabled smartphones</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometric measurement of currentproportional to glucose concentration ininterstitial fluid via glucose oxidase chemicalreaction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 to 400 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Management of diabetes mellitus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Setting/Sitesof Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Home use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Displayed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Current glucose value, current glucose trend,graph with recent glucose history, userentered events</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method of SensorActivation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near Field Communication (NFC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optional Alarms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Alarms: Low Glucose Alarm, HighGlucose AlarmSystem Alarm: Signal Loss Alarm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For Low and High Glucose alarms, a user-initiated action is required to see glucosereading.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mandatory Alarms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Alarm: Urgent Low GlucoseSystem Alarm: Replace Sensor, SensorEnded, App Stopped (iOS only)These alarms are mandatory (set to 'On') andcannot be turned off or modified by the user.It will always sound regardless of the phonesound and vibe or Do Not Disturb settings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wirelesscommunicationprotocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near Field Communication (NFC): (13.56MHz RFID)Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BLE CommunicationRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 feet unobstructed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor GlucoseAlgorithm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADC Glucose Algorithm established for thepredicate device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose readingupdate interval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Every 1 minute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trend Graph GlucoseHistory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 hours, 24 hour graph and other reports canbe used to view logged data</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Trend Arrow</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">↑, &gt; +2 mg/dL/min7, +1 to +2 mg/dL/min→, -1 to +1 mg/dL/min, -2 to -1 mg/dL/min↓, &lt; -2 mg/dL/min</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method ofcommunication andconnectivity withcloud-basedapplications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reader can communicate and connect withLibreView through the USB port connectionwith the desktop computer.App only: can communicate wirelessly toLibreView. Through LibreView, cancommunicate to LibreLinkUp App</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factory calibrated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible Sensorwarmup time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Glucose Meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">While using the App, user must have access toa blood glucose monitoring system as the Appdoes not provide one.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Situations wherefingerstick test isrequired to confirmsensor reading(adjunctive use)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  The user's symptoms do not match theglucose values displayed by the device.The device does not show a glucose valueDuring the first 12 hours of wear duringwhich the check blood glucose icon isdisplayed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device: FreeStyle Libre 2Flash Glucose Monitoring System(with modified Sensor tail) (K222447)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: FreeStyle Libre 2 FlashGlucose Monitoring System (K210943)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash GlucoseMonitoring System is a continuousglucose monitoring (CGM) device withreal time alarms capability indicated forthe management of diabetes in personsage 2 and older. It is intended to replaceblood glucose testing for diabetestreatment decisions, unless otherwiseindicated.The System also detects trends and trackspatterns and aids in the detection ofepisodes of hyperglycemia andhypoglycemia, facilitating both acute andlong-term therapy adjustments.Interpretation of the System readingsshould be based on the glucose trends andseveral sequential readings over time.The System is also intended toautonomously communicate withdigitally connected devices, includingautomated insulin dosing (AID) systems.The System can be used alone or inconjunction with these digitallyconnected devices for the purpose ofmanaging diabetes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash GlucoseMonitoring System is a continuous glucosemonitoring (CGM) device with real timealarms capability indicated for themanagement of diabetes in persons age 4and older. It is intended to replace bloodglucose testing for diabetes treatmentdecisions, unless otherwise indicated.The System also detects trends and trackspatterns and aids in the detection of episodesof hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia,facilitating both acute and long-term therapyadjustments. Interpretation of the Systemreadings should be based on the glucosetrends and several sequential readings overtime.The System is also intended toautonomously communicate with digitallyconnected devices. The System can be usedalone or in conjunction with these digitallyconnected devices where the user manuallycontrols actions for therapy decisions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended UsePopulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Persons with diabetes age 2 and older</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Persons with diabetes age 4 and older</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatibility withconnected devices</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible with digitally connecteddevices, including automated insulindosing systems for therapy decisions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible with digitally connected deviceswhere the user manually controls actions fortherapy decisions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible Sensors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Libre 2 Sensor (15 day)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Libre 2 Sensor (14 day)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor Component</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Sensor tail</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor tail</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>Subject Device: FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System (with modified Sensor tail) (K222447)</td><td>Predicate Device: FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System (K210943)</td></tr><tr><td>Contraindications</td><td>MRI/CT/Diathermy: The System must be removed prior to Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Computed Tomography (CT) scan, or high-frequency electrical heat (diathermy) treatment. The effect of MRI, CT scans, or diathermy on the performance of the System has not been evaluated. The exposure may damage the Sensor and may impact proper function of the device which could cause incorrect readings. impact proper function of the device which</td><td>Automated Insulin Dosing: The System must not be used with automated insulin dosing (AID) systems, including closed loop and insulin suspend systems. MRI/CT/Diathermy: The System must be removed prior to Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Computed Tomography (CT) scan, or high-frequency electrical heat (diathermy) treatment. The effect of MRI, CT scans, or diathermy on the performance of the System has not been evaluated. The exposure may damage the Sensor and may</td></tr><tr><td>Interfering Substance Labeling</td><td>Vitamin C labeled as an interfering substance at doses of more than 1000 mg of vitamin C per day.</td><td>could cause incorrect readings. Vitamin C labeled as an interfering substance at doses of more than 500 mg of vitamin C per day.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Interoperability</td><td>Allows the same wireless and secure communications as the predicate device and additionally enables users to communicate iCGM data wirelessly and securely to and from digitally connected devices (client software) through a cloud- based communication method, the Libre and interface specifications to ensure the data is transmitted and received securely</td><td>Designed to enable communication of glucose data and other information wirelessly and securely to and from digitally connected devices as described below: Wireless communication from the •</td></tr><tr><td>Data Sharing API. An interoperability communication plan will be provided to potential partners/developers. This interoperability communication plan specifies expectations, requirements</td><td>FreeStyle Libre 2 Sensor directly to interoperable receiver devices, which connect with the Sensor using the NFC and BLE wireless interfaces provided by the Sensor</td></tr></table>

# 1.6.2. FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device: FreeStyle Libre 3Continuous Glucose Monitoring System(with modified Sensor tail) (K222447)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: FreeStyle Libre 2Flash Glucose Monitoring System(K210943)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The System is intended to monitor interstitialfluid glucose concentrations and communicatewith digitally connected devices for thepurpose of managing a disease or conditionrelated to glycemic control.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated CGM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible operatingsystems andhardware platformfor App</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">App is compatible with iOS and Applesmartphone; Android operating system (OS)and Android-enabled smartphones.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometric measurement of currentproportional to glucose concentration ininterstitial fluid via glucose oxidase chemicalreaction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 to 400 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Management of diabetes mellitus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Setting/Sitesof Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Home use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Displayed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Current glucose value, current glucose trend,graph with recent glucose history, userentered events</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method of SensorActivation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near Field Communication (NFC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optional Alarms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Alarms: Low Glucose Alarm, HighGlucose AlarmSystem Alarm: Signal Loss Alarm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mandatory Alarms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Alarm: Urgent Low GlucoseSystem Alarm: Replace Sensor, SensorEnded, Check Sensor, App Stopped (iOSonly)These alarms are mandatory (set to 'On') andcannot be turned off or modified by the user.It will always sound regardless of the phonesound and vibe or Do Not Disturb settings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wirelesscommunicationprotocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near Field Communication (NFC): (13.56MHz RFID)Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor GlucoseAlgorithm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADC Glucose Algorithm established for thepredicate device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose readingupdate interval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Every 1 minute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose History</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graph and other reports can be used to viewlogged data</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Trend Arrow</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">↑, &gt; +2 mg/dL/min7, +1 to +2 mg/dL/min→, -1 to +1 mg/dL/minY, -2 to -1 mg/dL/min↓, &lt; -2 mg/dL/min</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method ofcommunication andconnectivity withcloud-basedapplications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">App can communicate wirelessly toLibreView. Through LibreView, cancommunicate to LibreLinkUp App.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factory calibrated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible Sensorwarmup time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Glucose Meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">While using the App, user must have access toa blood glucose monitoring system as the Appdoes not provide one.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Situations wherefingerstick test isrequired to confirmsensor reading(adjunctive use)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  The user's symptoms do not match theglucose values displayed by the device.The device does not show a glucose valueDuring the first 12 hours of wear duringwhich the check blood glucose icon isdisplayed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device: FreeStyle Libre 3Continuous Glucose MonitoringSystem (with modified Sensor tail)(K222447)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: FreeStyle Libre 2 FlashGlucose Monitoring System (K210943)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FreeStyle Libre 3 ContinuousGlucose Monitoring System is a real timecontinuous glucose monitoring (CGM)device with alarms capability indicatedfor the management of diabetes inpersons age 2 and older. It is intended toreplace blood glucose testing for diabetestreatment decisions, unless otherwiseindicated.The System also detects trends and trackspatterns and aids in the detection ofepisodes of hyperglycemia andhypoglycemia, facilitating both acute andlong-term therapy adjustments.Interpretation of the System readingsshould be based on the glucose trends andseveral sequential readings over time.The System is also intended toautonomously communicate withdigitally connected devices, includingautomated insulin dosing (AID) systems.The System can be used alone or inconjunction with these digitallyconnected devices for the purpose ofmanaging diabetes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash GlucoseMonitoring System is a continuous glucosemonitoring (CGM) device with real timealarms capability indicated for themanagement of diabetes in persons age 4 andolder. It is intended to replace blood glucosetesting for diabetes treatment decisions,unless otherwise indicated.The System also detects trends and trackspatterns and aids in the detection of episodesof hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia,facilitating both acute and long-term therapyadjustments. Interpretation of the Systemreadings should be based on the glucosetrends and several sequential readings overtime.The System is also intended to autonomouslycommunicate with digitally connecteddevices. The System can be used alone or inconjunction with these digitally connecteddevices where the user manually controlsactions for therapy decisions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended UsePopulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Persons with diabetes age 2 and older</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Persons with diabetes age 4 and older</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatibility withconnected devices</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible with digitally connecteddevices, including automated insulindosing systems for therapy decisions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible with digitally connected deviceswhere the user manually controls actions fortherapy decisions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Components</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-body Sensor(No Sensor Applicator assembly requiredby user prior to applying the Sensor)FreeStyle Libre 3 App</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-body Sensor(User assembles Sensor Applicator andSensor Container prior to applying theSensor)FreeStyle Libre 2 AppFreeStyle Libre 2 Reader</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary displaydevice(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Libre 3 App (iOS or Android)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Libre 2 App (iOS or Android) orFreeStyle Libre 2 Reader</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible Sensors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Libre 3 Sensor (15 day)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Libre 2 Sensor (14 day)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor Component</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Sensor tail</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor tail</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor Dimension</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9 mm height / 21 mm diameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mm height / 30 mm diameter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Location of glucosealgorithm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Receiver (Reader or App)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method of DataTransfer from Sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE). Dataautomatically transfers without user-initiated scan (streaming data).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BLE for glucose data transfer to issue alarms.User-initiated scan via NFC required todisplay glucose data</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BLE CommunicationRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33 feet unobstructed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 feet unobstructed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Informationprovided withglucose alarm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alarm type, glucose result and trendarrow</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alarm type</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contraindications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MRI/CT/Diathermy: The System must beremoved prior to Magnetic ResonanceImaging (MRI), Computed Tomography(CT) scan, or high-frequency electricalheat (diathermy) treatment. The effect ofMRI, CT scans, or diathermy on theperformance of the System has not beenevaluated. The exposure may damage theSensor and may impact proper functionof the device which could cause incorrectreadings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated Insulin Dosing: The System mustnot be used with automated insulin dosing(AID) systems, including closed loop andinsulin suspend systems.MRI/CT/Diathermy: The System must beremoved prior to Magnetic ResonanceImaging (MRI), Computed Tomography(CT) scan, or high-frequency electrical heat(diathermy) treatment. The effect of MRI, CTscans, or diathermy on the performance of theSystem has not been evaluated. The exposuremay damage the Sensor and may impactproper function of the device which couldcause incorrect readings.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InterferingSubstance Labeling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin C labeled as an interferingsubstance at doses of more than 1000 mgof vitamin C per day.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin C labeled as an interfering substanceat doses of more than 500 mg of vitamin Cper day.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interoperability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Allows the same wireless and securecommunications as the predicate deviceand additionally enables users tocommunicate iCGM data wirelessly andsecurely to and from digitally connecteddevices (client software) through a cloud-based communication method, the LibreData Sharing API.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Designed to enable communication ofglucose data and other informationwirelessly and securely to and from digitallyconnected devices as described below:Wireless communication from theFreeStyle Libre 2 Sensor directly tointeroperable receiver devices, whichconnect with the Sensor using the NFCand BLE wireless interfaces providedby the Sensor</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>Subject Device: FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (with modified Sensor tail) (K222447)</td><td>Predicate Device: FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System (K210943)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>An interoperability communication plan will be provided to potential partners/developers. This interoperability communication plan specifies expectations, requirements and interface specifications to ensure the data is transmitted and received securely and reliably by the digitally connected devices.</td><td>The FreeStyle Libre 2 App communicates through the cloud to another software device.</td></tr></table>

# 1.7. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

Amperometric measurement of glucose concentration (via glucose oxidase chemical reaction) in the interstitial fluid is the technological principle for both the subject and predicate devices. The electrochemical sensor is held in place with an adhesive pad and incorporates both the subcutaneously implanted sensor and associated electronics. The sensor uses a glucose oxidase enzyme to oxidize glucose and transfer electrons to an electrode, producing a current. The strength of the current is proportional to the amount of glucose present in the subcutaneous space. The compatible receiver converts the electrical current signal to a glucose value ( $\mathrm { i n } \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ) for display to the user.

At a high-level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following technological elements:

• Use of NFC interface for starting new Sensors   
• Use of BLE interface to issue alarms Use of software algorithm for conversion of the raw glucose measurements from the Sensor to calculate glucose results Display of glucose results from FreeStyle Libre 2 Sensors after a user-initiated scan via NFC. Automatic display of glucose results from FreeStyle Libre 3 Sensors without a user-initiated scan. Inclusion of software interface to wirelessly communicate with cloud-based application (App only)

The following technological differences exist between the subject and predicate devices

Incorporate a modified Sensor tail to reduce vitamin C interference

Update Sensor Software and interoperability specification provided to authorized partners to allow compatibility with AID systems and extend the Sensor wear duration from 14 days to 15 days   
Update the App and Reader configurations to disable display of vitamin C interference statements   
Additional software component, the Libre Data Sharing API, to communicate iCGM data with authorized client software for specific and permitted use cases in accordance with the cleared intended use environments

# 1.8. Summary of Performance Testing

The following summary of performance testing support substantial equivalence to the predicate device:

Software

Software regression testing was conducted in accordance with established specifications and IEC 62304 and documentation was provided as recommended by FDA Guidance "Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices." The test results met acceptance criteria and support that the subject devices are acceptable for their intended use.

Interoperability

Approach to interoperability with authorized partners provides appropriate inputs to support expectations, requirements, and interface specifications to interoperable devices, including AID systems.

Non-clinical Testing

Non-clinical performance testing was conducted as per internal design control process requirements. The test results met acceptance criteria and support that the subject devices are acceptable for their intended use.

# Clinical Performance

A clinical study evaluated clinical performance with respect to reference venous plasma sample YSI measurements across the measuring range throughout a 15-day wear duration in adult (18 years and older) and pediatric (2 to 17 years) participants with diabetes. An additional clinical study evaluated the effects of high doses of vitamin C on the performance with respect to reference venous plasma sample YSI measurements. Analysis of the results from the clinical studies show that the subject devices meet the iCGM special controls for clinical performance set forth in 21 CFR 862.1355.

The following supportive performance characteristics were established in the predicate device (K210943) and the reference devices (K213996 and K212132) and are not affected by the introduction of the modified Sensor tail in this 510(k):

• Sterilization   
• Biocompatibility   
• Shelf Life Stability   
• Packaging Integrity/Shipping Integrity   
• Mechanical Engineering   
• Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility   
• Human Factors   
• Cybersecurity

# 1.9. Conclusion

The modified FreeStyle Libre 2 Flash Glucose Monitoring System and the modified FreeStyle Libre 3 Continuous Glucose Monitoring System have the same intended use as the predicate device. There are no differences in technological characteristics that raise different questions of safety and effectiveness. Based on the performance testing and data provided in this pre-market notification, the subject devices and predicate device have been shown to be substantially equivalent.