December 21, 2022

Apex BioTechnology Corp.   
Lisa Liu   
Manager of Quality Assurance Division   
No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science Park Hsinchu, 30078   
China

Re: K222234 Trade/Device Name: GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW Dated: July 25, 2022 Received: July 26, 2022

Dear Lisa Liu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K222234</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apex Biotechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact Person</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lisa LiuManager of Quality Assurance DivisionApex Biotechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078CHINA (TAIWAN)email: lisaliu@apexbio.comPhone: 011-886-3-5641952FAX: 011-886-3-5678021</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Prepared</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">July 25, 2022</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose test system, 21 CFR 862.1345, Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Codes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NBW</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicateDevices</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BGM014 Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k161299)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceDescription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists ofthe GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Meter, GlucoSure ADVANCELink Blood Glucose Test Strips and Contrex Plus 5 glucose control solution. Itis used for testing of blood glucose by self-testers at home. The GlucoSureADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Test Strips and Contrex Plus 5 glucose controlsolution are purchased separately.The modified device of GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Meter isderived from the existing device of BGM014 Blood Glucose Meter and themodified device contain the Bluetooth function to transfer glucose results to themobile device.The blood glucose test strips and glucose control solution utilized in theGlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Monitoring System are the same as</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use patient and should not be shared. It is not indicated for the diagnosis of or</td><td>the BGM014 Blood Glucose Test Strips and Contrex Plus 5 Glucose Control Solution, previously cleared in k161299. The meter materials of GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Meter are the same as the BGM014 Blood Glucose Meter. Therefore, the disinfection performance (robustness of meter to multiple cleanings and disinfections) was previously cleared in k161299. The GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole</td></tr><tr><td>Comparison of Technological Characteristics</td><td>The GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Meter and GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Test Strips. The GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Meter uses the same test strip and test algorithm as the predicate. The changes was for • The color of strip ejection button changed from gray to white. The printing color on the backside of the LCD cover changed from gray to blue. LCD pattern modification Bluetooth connectivity was added to the meter for the wireless transfer of data to mobile devices. Added Bluetooth related error message</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Change in name from BGM014 Blood Glucose Monitoring System to GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Monitoring System. Change in name from BGM014 Blood Glucose Meter to GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Meter. The GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Monitoring System shares identical blood glucose test strips with BGM014 Blood Glucose Monitoring System, but only change in brand name from BGM014 Blood Glucose Test Strips to GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Clinical Testing</td><td></td><td>Glucose Test Strips. Testing was conducted as follows: Battery life test, EMC and Electrical Safety, Software verification and validation including cybersecurity management</td></tr><tr><td>Clinical Testing</td><td></td><td>demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate system. A Usability study confirmed the system accuracy, operation according to design, and ease of use to support the intended use as described in the proposed labeling.</td></tr><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>device.</td><td>Testing showed that the GlucoSure ADVANCE Link Blood Glucose Monitoring System perform in a substantially equivalent manner to that of the predicate. We conclude that the candidate devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate</td></tr></table>