Immunodiagnostic Systems Limited   
Mick Henderson   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
10 Didcot Way, Boldon Business Park   
Boldon, Tyne and Wear NE35 9PD   
United Kingdom

Re: K223867 Trade/Device Name: IDS ACTH II Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1025 Regulation Name: Adrenocorticotropic Hormone (ACTH) Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CKG Dated: July 21, 2023 Received: July 24, 2023

Dear Mick Henderson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Marianela Perez-torres -S

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k223687

Device Name IDS ACTH II

Indications for Use (Describe)

IDS ACTH II assay is an automated in vitro diagnostic device intended for the quantitative, determination of ACTH in human K2 and K3 EDTA plasma on the IDS system. Results are to be used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory data as an aid in the assessment of pituitary and adrenal gland function and the differential diagnosis of hyperand hypo-cortisolism.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# 510k Number

k223867

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21CFR807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter

Immunodiagnostic Systems Limited   
10 Didcot Way   
Boldon Business Park   
Boldon   
Tyne and Wear   
NE35 9PD   
United Kingdom

Contact Person: Mick Henderson Phone: $+ 4 4$ 191 5190660 Fax: $+ 4 4$ 191 5190760 Email: mick.henderson@idsplc.com

Secondary Contact: Lee Harris Phone: $+ 4 4$ 191 5190660 Fax: $+ 4 4$ 191 5190760 Email : lee.harris@idsplc.com

Date prepared: 16 August 2023

# Device Name

Proprietary names: IDS ACTH II

Common names: As above

Classification:

21 CFR 862.1025 Adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) test system.

Class 2

Product Code:

CKG

# Predicate Device

Roche Elecsys ACTH (k060585).

# Device Description

The IDS ACTH II assay consists of a reagent cartridge. The reagent cartridge contains multiple reagents:

MP: Magnetic particles coated with mouse monoclonal antiACTH antibody and buffer containing phosphate with blocking proteins and ProClin 300 as preservative.   
R1: Mouse monoclonal anti-ACTH antibody labelled with an acridinium ester derivative, in buffer containing phosphate with BSA and ProClin 300 as preservative.   
R2: Buffer containing phosphate with blocking proteins and ProClin 300 as preservative.

# Indications for Use

IDS ACTH II assay is an automated in vitro diagnostic device intended for the quantitative, determination of ACTH in human $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ and $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ EDTA plasma on the IDS system. Results are to be used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory data as an aid in the assessment of pituitary and adrenal gland function and the differential diagnosis of hyper- and hypo-cortisolism.

# Conditions for use

For in vitro diagnostic use only. Rx Only

# Special instrument Requirements:

IDS-iSYS Multi-Discipline Automated System (k091849)

# Comparison Tables

# Similarities compared to the chosen predicate device (k060585)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayPerformance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceROCHE ELECSYS- ACTH(k060585)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIDS ACTH II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACTH measurements are usedin the differential diagnosis andtreatment of certain disordersof the adrenal glands such asCushings syndrome,adrenocortival insufficiency,and the ectopic ACTHsyndrome.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method ofdetection (Testmethodology)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr></table>

# Differences compared to the chosen predicate device (k060585)

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayPerformance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceROCHE ELECSYS- ACTH(k060585)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceIDS ACTH II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoassay for the in vitroquantitative determination ofadrenocorticotropic hormone(ACTH) in human EDTAplasma.The electrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay "ECLIA" isintended for use on the RocheElecsys 1010/2010 andMODULAR ANALYTICS E170 (Elecsys module)immunoassay analyzers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IDS ACTH II assay is an automatedin vitro diagnostic device intendedfor the quantitative, determinationof ACTH in human K2 and K3EDTA plasma on the IDS system.Results are to be used inconjunction with other clinical andlaboratory data as an aid in theassessment of pituitary and adrenalgland function and the differentialdiagnosis of hyper- and hypo-cortisolism.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human plasma treated with K3-EDTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human plasma treated with K2 andK3-EDTA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleVolume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150 μL</td></tr><tr><td>Measuring Range</td><td>1 − 2,000 pg/mL</td><td>4 - 1,000 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

# Analytical Limits at Low levels

The limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD) and limit of quantitation (LoQ) were determined with guidance from CLSI EP17-A, “Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation”. LoB and LoD were determined with 60 replicates of 4 blank samples and 6 low concentration samples per reagent lot. LoQ was determined with 90 replicates of 6 low concentration samples per reagent lot. The LoQ was determined as the lowest concentration with a within-laboratory precision $\mathrm { C V } \leq 2 0 \% ^ { 3 }$ .

<table><tr><td>Sensitivity</td><td>Concentration (pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Limit of Blank (LoB)</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Limit of Detection (LoD)</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)</td><td>3</td></tr></table>

# Precision (Repeatability/Reproducibility)

Precision was evaluated based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3 $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ Edition, “Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods”.

# Repeatability

A total of 5 plasma samples were tested using 1 lot of reagents in duplicate, twice a day for 20 days on 1 system to assess the repeatability.

Results from one (1) representative reagents lot on one (1) system:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample</td><td rowspan="2">N</td><td rowspan="2">Mean Conc. (pg/mL)</td><td colspan="2">Repeatability (Within Run)</td><td colspan="2">Within Laboratory</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>CV%</td><td>SD</td><td>CV</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>80</td><td>6</td><td>0.8</td><td>14.5%</td><td>1.5</td><td>26.8%</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>80</td><td>13</td><td>0.7</td><td>5.3%</td><td>1.6</td><td>12.8%</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>80</td><td>81</td><td>0.9</td><td>1.2%</td><td>2.5</td><td>3.1%</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>80</td><td>215</td><td>3.1</td><td>1.4%</td><td>5.3</td><td>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>80</td><td>616</td><td>5.5</td><td>0.9%</td><td>10.5</td><td>1.7%</td></tr></table>

A total of 5 plasma sample were tested using one (1) reagents lot in 5 replicates, once a day for 5 days on 3 systems by 1 operator per system to determine the reproducibility.

<table><tr><td>Sample</td><td>N</td><td>Mean Conc.</td><td colspan="2">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2">Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>(pg/mL)</td><td>SD</td><td>CV%</td><td>SD</td><td>CV%</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>75</td><td>4</td><td>0.6</td><td>14.4%</td><td>1.0</td><td>24.8%</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>75</td><td>17</td><td>0.6</td><td>3.6%</td><td>1.2</td><td>7.2%</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>75</td><td>59</td><td>1.5</td><td>2.5%</td><td>3.5</td><td>6.0%</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>75</td><td>213</td><td>2.9</td><td>1.4%</td><td>9.3</td><td>4.4%</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>75</td><td>615</td><td>7.5</td><td>1.2%</td><td>27.8</td><td>4.5%</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility - between lots

A total of 5 plasma samples were tested using three (3) reagents lot in 5 replicates, once a day for 5 days on 1 system by 1 operator per system to determine the reproducibility.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample</td><td rowspan="2">N</td><td rowspan="2">Mean Conc. (pg/mL)</td><td colspan="2">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2">Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>CV%</td><td>SD</td><td>CV%</td><td>SD</td><td>CV%</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>75</td><td>4</td><td>0.8</td><td>20.8%</td><td>1.4</td><td>35.2%</td><td>2.0</td><td>50.5%</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>75</td><td>17</td><td>0.7</td><td>4.1%</td><td>0.9</td><td>5.5%</td><td>1.8</td><td>10.9%</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>75</td><td>61</td><td>0.8</td><td>1.3%</td><td>1.5</td><td>2.5%</td><td>1.9</td><td>3.2%</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>75</td><td>217</td><td>1.7</td><td>0.8%</td><td>4.1</td><td>1.9%</td><td>7.6</td><td>3.5%</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>75</td><td>645</td><td>3.8</td><td>0.6%</td><td>7.3</td><td>1.1%</td><td>31.8</td><td>4.9%</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

A Linearity study was performed based on guidance from CLSI $\mathrm { E P 0 6 2 ^ { n d } }$ Edition, “Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures”. The IDS ACTH II is linear across the analytical measuring interval of 4 to $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ , within the allowable deviation of linearity (ADL) of $\leq \pm 1 6 . 3 \%$ or $\leq \pm 4 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for concentration below $2 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$

# Analytical Specificity

# Interference

Interference and cross-reactivity studies were performed in accordance with the CLSI EP07-A3 Interference. The Interference study was performed in 2 samples containing 15 and $2 0 0 \ : \mathrm { p g / m L }$ concentrations of ACTH.

The Interference using paired-difference testing was calculated using the following equation:

(Average “spiked” concentration – Average “control” concentration) $\%$ Interference $=$ x100 Average "control'' concentration

- The Interference using recovery testing was calculated using the following equation:   
$\%$ Recovery Observed concentration x100 (Expected base sample concentration $^ +$ Expected spiked sample concentration)

- The Interference using method comparison testing was analyzed as follow:

Calculate the mean of candidate device.   
 Calculate the concentration difference of predicate device and mean candidate device in samples $\leq 2 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ .   
Calculate the relative difference (%bias) of predicate device and mean candidate device in samples above $2 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ .

No significant interference $( \leq \pm 1 0 \%$ bias, Cholesterol $\leq \pm 1 5 \%$ ) was observed when the interfering agents were tested up to the following threshold concentration:

<table><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Agent</td><td>Threshold Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin, conjugated</td><td>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin, unconjugated</td><td>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Biotin</td><td>3.5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Haemoglobin</td><td>62.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Human Anti Mouse Antibody (HAMA)</td><td>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td>324 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Total Protein</td><td>15 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Triglyceride</td><td>1500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Acetaminophen</td><td>15.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td>3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Ampicillin</td><td>7.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Ibuprofen</td><td>21.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Dexamethasone</td><td>1.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Metyrapone</td><td>1.8 mg/mL</td></tr></table>

The total Cholesterol interference study was performed in 2 samples containing 30 and $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ concentrations of ACTH. No significant interference $( \leq \pm 1 0 \%$ bias) was observed when total Cholesterol was tested up to $4 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

“The lowest Hemoglobin level that does not significantly interfere $( \leq \pm 1 0 \%$ bias) with the assay is $6 2 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . Visual hemolysis in the sample is typically already seen in samples with hemoglobin concentration of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { \ m g / d L }$ or greater [Hemolysis_Palette_Bookmark-P.pdf (cdc.gov)]. Visibly hemolyzed samples must not be used with IDS ACTH II assay.

“The lowest Rheumatoid Factor (RF) level that does not significantly interfere $( \leq \pm 1 0 \%$ bias) with IDS ACTH II assay is $3 2 4 \mathrm { I U / m L }$ .”

# Cross-Reactivity

The analytical specificity study was conducted by spiking the compounds in 2 samples containing 20 and $4 0 0 \ : \mathrm { p g / m L }$ concentrations of ACTH.

The cross reactivity was determined using the formula below:

$\%$ cross reactivity $=$ (Mean conc. of spiked sample – mean conc. of un-spiked sample) $\mathbf { x l 0 0 \% }$ Final concentration of cross-reactant added

Results are shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td>Cross Reactant</td><td>Tested Concentration</td><td>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">POMC</td><td>500 -2.1 % 50 000</td></tr><tr><td>-0.03 %</td></tr><tr><td>500 000 500</td><td>-0.02% -2.9%</td></tr><tr><td>b-endorphin</td><td>50 000 -0.01% 500 000 &lt;0.01% 500 -3.7%</td></tr><tr><td>aMSH 1-13 50 000 500 000</td><td>-0.4% -0.1%</td></tr><tr><td>bMSH</td><td>500 -4.6% 50 000 -0.01% 500 000 &lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td>ACTH 1-17</td><td>500 -1.8% 50 000 -0.6% 500 000 -0.1%</td></tr><tr><td>ACTH 1-24</td><td>500 -5.8% 50 000 -0.5%</td></tr><tr><td>ACTH 18-39 (CLIP) 50 000</td><td>500 000 -0.1% 500 -6.5% -0.3%</td></tr><tr><td>500 000</td><td>-0.1%</td></tr><tr><td>500 ACTH 22-39 50 000 500 000</td><td>4.9% -0.4% -0.1%</td></tr><tr><td>500 ACTH 1-10 50 000</td><td>-7.5% -0.1%</td></tr><tr><td>ACTH 11-24</td><td>500 000 &lt;0.01% 500 -7.3% 50 000 -0.1% 500 000 &lt;0.01%</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison

IDS ACTH II was compared against a commercially available quantitative automated assay, following CLSI EP-9A2, “Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples”. A total of 170 samples, selected to represent a wide range of ACTH concentrations [4 to $9 9 7 \ \mathrm { p g / m L } ]$ , were tested by each method. Passing-Bablok regression analysis was performed on the comparative data:

<table><tr><td>N</td><td>Slope</td><td>95 % CI</td><td>Intercept (pg/mL)</td><td>95 % CI</td><td>Correlation Coeff. (r)</td></tr><tr><td>170</td><td>1.0</td><td>1.0 to 1.1</td><td>-0.9</td><td>-2.1 to 0.4</td><td>1.0</td></tr></table>

# Matrix comparison:

The sample matrix comparison studies were performed, based on guidance from CLSI EP35 Ed1 “Assessment of Equivalence for Suitability of Specimen Types for Medical Laboratory Measurement Procedures” were performed to assess the equivalence between $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ and $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ EDTA plasma sample matrices in the IDS ACTH II assay. A total of 55 matched samples, with concentration ranging from 6 to $1 2 2 8 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ , were compared against $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ EDTA. Passing-Bablok regression analysis was performed on the comparative data:

<table><tr><td>Sample Type</td><td>N</td><td>Slope</td><td>95% CI</td><td>Intercept (pg/mL)</td><td>95% CI</td><td>Correlation Coeff. (r)</td></tr><tr><td>K2 EDTA</td><td>55</td><td>1.0</td><td>1.0 to 1.1</td><td>1.9</td><td>0.7 to 3.2</td><td>1.0</td></tr></table>

# Expected Values

The following ranges were determined using the IDS ACTH II and are provided for information only. The $9 5 \%$ reference interval for apparently healthy adults were calculated

by a non-parametric method following guidance from CLSI C28-A3 “Defining, Establishing and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory”.   

<table><tr><td>Unit</td><td>N</td><td>Mean</td><td>Median</td><td>Observed Range (2.5th to 97.5th percentile)</td></tr><tr><td>pg/mL</td><td>140</td><td>22</td><td>19</td><td>6 to 51</td></tr></table>

The above ranges should be considered as guidelines only; it is recommended that each laboratory establish its own expected range based upon its own patient population.

ACTH concentrations vary considerably depending on physiological conditions. ACTH results must be interpreted in conjunction with the patient’s clinical presentation and other information available to the physician.

# Conclusion

The IDS ACTH II data, presented and provided, is complete and supports the basis for substantial equivalence to the predicate device.