September 15, 2023

Abbott Point of Care Inc.   
Jacquelyn Gesumaria   
Principal Specialist Regulatory Affairs 400 College Road East   
Princeton, New Jersey 08540

Re: K223857 Trade/Device Name: i-STAT ${ \mathrm { G } } 3 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT l System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1120 Regulation Name: Blood Gases (PCO2, PO2) And Blood pH Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CHL Dated: August 18, 2023 Received: August 18, 2023

Dear Jacquelyn Gesumaria:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120</td></tr><tr><td>Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Expiration Date: 06/30/2023</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

Device Name i-STAT $\mathrm { G } 3 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The i-STAT $\mathrm { G } 3 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is intended for use in the in vitro quantification of $\mathsf { p H }$ , partial pressure of oxygen (P02), and partial pressure of carbon dioxide (PC02) in arterial, venous, or capillary whole blood in point of care or clinical laboratory settings.

pH, P02, and PC02 measurements are used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of respiratory, metabolic, and acid-base disturbances.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

The information in this 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

# I. SUBMITTER INFORMATION

Owner

Abbott Point of Care Inc. 400 College Road East Princeton, NJ 08540

Contact

Primary: Jacquelyn Gesumaria Principal Specialist Regulatory Affairs Phone: $\mathbf { + 1 }$ 609-454-9384

Secondary: Mojgan Soleimani Associate Director Regulatory Affairs Phone: $\mathbf { + 1 }$ 613-295-0932

Date Prepared

Sep 15, 2023

# II. DEVICE INFORMATION

Proprietary Name i-STAT $G 3 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System

Common Name Blood gas test, analyzer, handheld

510(k) Number: K223857

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device ClassificationName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion Specific,pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion Specific,PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion SpecificPO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# III. PREDICATE DEVICE

Proprietary Name

# RAPIDPoint 500e Blood Gas System

510(k) Number K192240

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device ClassificationName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion Specific, pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion Specific,PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion Specific PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge is used with the i-STAT 1 analyzer as part of the i-STAT 1 System to measure $\mathrm { p H }$ , partial pressure of oxygen $\left( P 0 _ { 2 } \right)$ , and partial pressure of carbon dioxide $\left( P \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 } \right)$ in arterial, venous or capillary whole blood.

The i-STAT 1 System is an in vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical device intended for the quantitative determination of various clinical chemistry tests contained within i-STAT cartridges using whole blood. The i-STAT 1 System consists of a portable blood analyzer $i$ -STAT 1 analyzer), single-use disposable test cartridges (i-STAT cartridges), liquid quality control and calibration verification materials, and accessories (i-STAT 1 Downloader/Recharger, i-STAT Electronic Simulator and i-STAT 1 Printer). The i-STAT 1 System, including the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge, is designed for use by trained medical professionals in point of care or clinical laboratory settings and is for prescription use only.

The $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge contains the required sensors, a fluid pack (calibrant pouch), a sample entry well and closure, fluid channels, waste chamber, and the necessary mechanical features for controlled fluid movement within cartridge. The i-STAT cartridge format allows all the tests in the cartridge to be performed simultaneously. All the test steps and fluid movements occur within the $- S T A T G 3 +$ cartridge. The i-STAT 1 analyzer interacts with the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge to move fluid across the sensors and generate a quantitative result. Cartridges require two to three drops of whole blood applied to the cartridge using a transfer device by the trained user before the cartridge is placed within the analyzer.

The i-STAT 1 analyzer is a handheld, in vitro diagnostic analytical device designed to run only i-STAT test cartridges. The analyzer interacts with the cartridge to move fluid across the sensors and generate a quantitative result (within approximately 2 minutes).

# V. INTENDED USE STATEMENT

The $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is intended for use in the in vitro quantification of $\mathrm { p H }$ , partial pressure of oxygen $\left( P 0 _ { 2 } \right)$ , and partial pressure of carbon dioxide $\left( P \mathrm { C O _ { 2 } } \right)$ in arterial, venous or capillary whole blood in point of care or clinical laboratory settings.

$\mathrm { p H }$ , $P 0 _ { 2 }$ , and $P \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ measurements are used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of respiratory, metabolic, and acid-base disturbances.

# VI. SUMMARY COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 1: Similarities and Differences: System (Test and Instrument): pH, PO2, and PCO2 in Arterial,Venous and Capillary Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature orCharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:pH, PO2 and PCO2 Tests in the i-STATG3+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:pH, PO2 and PCO Tests with theRAPIDPoint 500e Blood Gas System(K192240)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The i-STAT G3+ cartridge with thei-STAT 1 System is intended for use inthe in vitro quantification of pH,partial pressure of oxygen (PO2), andpartial pressure of carbon dioxide(PCO2) in arterial, venous, or capillarywhole blood in point of care orclinical laboratory settings.pH, PO2, and PCO2 measurements areused in the diagnosis, monitoring,and treatment of respiratory,metabolic, and acid-basedisturbances.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The RAPIDPoint 500e Blood Gas System isintended for in vitro diagnostic use and isdesigned to provide the determination inwhole blood for the followingparameters:Partial pressure of carbon dioxidePartial pressure of oxygenpHSodiumPotassiumlonized CalciumChlorideGlucoseLactateTotal Hemoglobin and fractions:FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb, FHHbNeonatal BilirubinThe RAPIDPoint 500e Blood Gas System isalso intended for in vitro testing ofpleural fluid samples for the pHparameter. The pH measurement ofpleural fluid can be a clinically useful toolin the management of patients withparapneumonic effusions.The following critical value applies topleural fluid pH: pH &gt; 7.3 is measured inuncomplicated parapneumonic effusions.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Table 1: Similarities and Differences: System (Test and Instrument): pH, PO2, and PCO2 in Arterial,Venous and Capillary Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature orCharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Candidate Device:pH, PO2 and PCO2 Tests in the i-STATG3+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate Device:pH, PO2 and PCO2 Tests with theRAPIDPoint 500e Blood Gas System(K192240)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All pleural fluids with a pH measurement&lt; 7.3 are referred to as complicatedparapneumonic effusions and areexudative in nature. This test system isintended for use in point of care orlaboratory settings.pCO2, pO2, pH: Measurements of bloodgases (pCO2, pO2) and blood pH are usedin the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceClassification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CHL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>862.1120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>EPY</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=2>pH        6.500 - 7.800PO2       10.0 - 700.0 mmHg1.33 - 93.32 kPaPCO2     5.0 - 200.0 mmHg0.66 - 26.66 kPa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 - 700 mmHg0.7 - 93.3 kPa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0 - 700.0 mmHg1.33 - 93.32 kPa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5- 130 mmHg0.67 - 17.33 kPa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 - 200.0 mmHg0.66 - 26.66 kPa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Arterial, venous or capillary wholeblood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>•  Whole blood (Arterial, Venous andCapillary for all analytes)Pleural Fluid (for pH only)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>95 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SamplePreparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Ready to Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleCollection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Without anticoagulantWith balanced heparinanticoagulant or lithium heparinanticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>With balanced heparin anticoagulant orlithium heparin anticoagulant</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Table 1: Similarities and Differences: System (Test and Instrument): pH, PO2, and PCO2 in Arterial,Venous and Capillary Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature orCharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Candidate Device:pH, PO2 and PCO2 Tests in the i-STATG3+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Predicate Device:pH, PO2 and PCO Tests with theRAPIDPoint 500e Blood Gas System(K192240)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Traceable to NIST SRMs186-I, 186-II, 185 and187</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>pH</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Traceable to NIST SRM186 reference materialspHvia the IFCC bloodreference method.Traceable totonometered aqueousstandards prepared usingNIST traceablePO2, PCO2temperature andpressure standards andgravimetrically preparedprecision gas standards.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>PO2, PCO2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Traceable to NIST SRMsvia commerciallyavailable certifiedspecialty medical gastanks</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>PO2, PCO2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Traceable totonometered aqueousstandards prepared usingNIST traceabletemperature andpressure standards andgravimetrically preparedprecision gas standards.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>1-point on-board contained withincartridge</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>1-point, 2-point and full calibration usingautomated on-board reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Time to Test/Sample Stability(Time fromcollection tosample fill)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5></td><td></td><td rowspan=10 colspan=3>With anticoagulant:pH, PO2, PCO2  within 10 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Without anticoagulant:</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>−</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>With anticoagulant:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>pH, PO2, PCO2(arterial and    within 3 minutesvenous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>pH, PO2, PCO2  within 10 minutes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=5>With anticoagulant:pH, PO2, PCO2(arterial and     within 10 minutesvenous)pH, PO2, PCO2within 3 minutes(capillary)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>With anticoagulant:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>pH, PO2, PCO2(arterial andvenous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>within 10 minutes</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>pH, PO2, PCO2(capillary)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>within 3 minutes</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principle ofMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>pH, PCO: Potentiometricmeasurement between activeworking sensor and independentreference sensor.PO2: Amperometric measurement ofoxygen reduction current.</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>pH, PCO2: Potentiometric method: Amperometric measurement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Same</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Cartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Refrigerated at 2 to 8°C (35 to 46°F)until expiration dateRoom Temperature at 18-30°C (64-86°F) for 2 months</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Refrigerated at 2 to 8°C (35 to 46°F) untilstated &quot;install-by-date&quot;; 28 additionaldays after installation on systemRoom Temperature for up to 1 day</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Handheld</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Benchtop</td></tr></table>

# VII. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

A. Analytical Performance a. Precision/Reproducibility:

i. Precision 20 days (Aqueous Materials)

The precision of the $i { - } S T A T \mathrm { p H }$ , $P 0 _ { 2 }$ , and $P \mathrm { C O _ { 2 } }$ tests in the i-STAT $G 3 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System was evaluated using five (5) levels of aqueous materials. This 20-day multi-day precision testing was based on CLSI document EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Third Edition. The study was conducted using multiple analyzers and one (1) test cartridge lot over at least 20 days at one (1) site. Repeatability, between-run, between-day, and within-laboratory precision were estimated for each level. The results of the 20-day precision study for the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 System are shown in Table 2:.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>Table 2: 20-Day Precision of i-STAT G3+ Cartridge on the i-STAT 1 Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FluidLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>pH(pH units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5796</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00541</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0335</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00411</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4611</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00084</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00339</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00085</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00364</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9702</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00324</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00081</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00351</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>PO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>388.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>PCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.792</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.470</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.571</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.076</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.324</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.356</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.057</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.092</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.331</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.75</td></tr></table>

# ii. Multi-site and operator-to-operator precision (Aqueous materials)

Multi-day precision testing was performed at three (3) sites using a panel of aqueous material containing five (5) levels of pH, $P 0 _ { 2 }$ , and $P \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ . At each site, each level was tested once per day by two (2) operators for five (5) days on six (6) i-STAT 1 analyzers using one (1) lot of $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridges. Within-run, between-day, between-operator and within-site (total) variance components were calculated by site. These components were also calculated for all sites combined and provided in the Table 3 below.

Table 3: Multi-Day Precision of i-STAT $\mathbf { G 3 + }$ Cartridge on the i-STAT 1 Analyzer   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=16>Table 3: Multi-Day Precision of i-STAT G3+ Cartridge on the i-STAT 1 Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FluidLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Site(Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>pH(pH units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5790</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00465</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00544</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00589</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0342</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00321</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00321</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4619</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00054</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00297</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00081</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6414</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9678</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>PO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>PCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.497</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.416</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.553</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.553</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.767</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.791</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.818</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.697</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.749</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.344</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.424</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.464</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.043</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.465</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.058</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.469</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.82</td></tr></table>

# iii. Precision (Whole Blood)

Whole blood precision of the i-STAT pH, $P 0 _ { 2 }$ , and $P \mathrm { C O _ { 2 } }$ tests in the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 System was evaluated using arterial, venous, and capillary1 whole blood specimens collected with lithium heparin. The whole blood precision was assessed using the duplicate test results collected across multiple point of care sites. The results are summarized in Table 4(outliers excluded) and Table 5 (outliers included):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table :Whole Blood Precision of Arterial, Venous, and Capillary for i-TAT G3+ Cartridge on the i-STAT 1Analyzer (outliers excluded)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>pH(pH units)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>VenousWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500-7.300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00593</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;7.300-7.450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3799</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00591</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;7.450-7.800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5634</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00856</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ArterialWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500-7.300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2402</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00877</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;7.300-7.450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3894</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;7.450-7.800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4889</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00701</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>CapillaryWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500-7.300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;7.300-7.450*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01747</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;7.450-7.800*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4760</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01696</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=15 colspan=1>PO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>VenousWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.87</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;40-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100-250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;250-700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>557.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.82</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>ArterialWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;40-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100-250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;250-700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>388.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>CapillaryWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;40-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50-100*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100-250*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;250-700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>PCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>VenousWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0-35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;35.0-50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.721</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50.0-62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.597</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;62.5-130.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.061</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ArterialWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0-35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;35.0-50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.747</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50.0-62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.602</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;62.5-130.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.937</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>CapillaryWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0-35.0*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.488</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;35.0-50.0*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.709</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50.0-62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;62.5-130.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.404</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.62</td></tr></table>

\*Results with outliers excluded

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table5:Whole Blood Precision o Arterial, Venous, and Capillary for i-STAT G3+ Cartridge on the i-TAT 1Analyzer (outliers included)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test(uUnits)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>pH(pH units)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>VenousWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500-7.300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00593</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;7.300-7.450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3799</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00591</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;7.450-7.800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5634</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00856</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ArterialWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500-7.300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2402</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00877</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;7.300-7.450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3894</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;7.450-7.800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4889</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00701</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Capillary WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500-7.300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;7.300-7.450*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01802</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;7.450-7.800*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4785</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02613</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=15 colspan=1>PO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>VenousWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.87</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;40-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100-250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;250-700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>557.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.82</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>ArterialWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;40-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100-250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;250-700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>388.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Capillary WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;40-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50-100*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100-250*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;250-700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>PCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>VenousWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0-35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;35.0-50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.721</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50.0-62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.597</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;62.5-130.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.061</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ArterialWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0-35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;35.0-50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.747</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50.0-62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.602</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;62.5-130.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.937</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Capillary WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0-35.0*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.849</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;35.0-50.0*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50.0-62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;62.5-130.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.404</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.62</td></tr></table>

\*Results with outliers included

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range:

i. Linearity

The study was designed based on CLSI EP06-Ed2: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures – Second Edition.

The linearity of the i-STAT pH, $P 0 _ { 2 }$ , and $P \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ tests in the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System were evaluated by preparing whole blood samples of varying analyte levels for each i-STAT test. The i-STAT pH, $P 0 _ { 2 }$ , and $P \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ tests in the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge demonstrated linearity over the reportable range for each i-STAT test. Regression summary of the response for each i-STAT test versus the concentration of the whole blood samples of varying analyte levels is provided in Table 6.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 6: Regression Summary for the i-STAT pH, PO2, and PCO2, Tests in the G3+Cartridge on the i-STAT 1 Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R^{2}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500-7.800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4896 - 7.9054</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.988</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5-727.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9966</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 - 130.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78-147.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9983</td></tr></table>

# c. Detection Limit

# i. Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)

The study was based on the CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition.

The LoQ of the i-STAT pH, $P 0 _ { 2 }$ , and $P \mathrm { C O _ { 2 } }$ tests in the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge were evaluated on the i-STAT 1 analyzer using two (2) $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge lots, and whole blood that was altered to a low analyte level for each i-STAT test. The LoQ for each of the i-STAT tests was determined to be at or below the lower limit of the reportable range for each of the i-STAT tests as shown in Table 7.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 7: Summary of LoQ Results for Each i-STAT Test in thei-STAT G3+ Cartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower limit of thereportable range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH (pH Units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.439</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr></table>

# d. Analytical Specificity

# i. Interference

The study was based on CLSI EP07-ED3: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, Third Edition.

The interference performance of the i-STAT pH, $P 0 _ { 2 }$ , and $P \mathrm { C O _ { 2 } }$ , tests in the i-STAT $G 3 +$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 analyzer with the i-STAT 1 System was evaluated using whole blood samples based on CLSI EP07-ED3: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, Third Edition. The effect of each substance was evaluated by comparing the performance of a control sample, spiked with blank solvent solution, with the test results from a test sample spiked with the potentially interfering substance at the toxic/pathological concentration based on CLSI EP37- ED1: Supplemental Tables for Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, First Edition, as applicable. A substance was identified as an interferent if the difference in means (or medians) between the control and test samples was outside of the allowed error $\mathrm { ( \pm E a ) }$ for the i-STAT test. For an identified interferent, a dose

response was performed to determine the degree of interference as a function of the substance concentration.

Table 8 contains the lists of potentially interfering substances tested and the interference results for the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 8: Potentially Interfering Substances and Test Concentrations for the i-STATTests in the i-STAT G3+ Cartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Substance 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>SubstanceConcentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>i-STATTest</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Interference(Yes/No)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L(unlessspecified)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL(unlessspecified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>15.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Atracurium(AtracuriumBesylate) 3</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.0287</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>3.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.684</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Calcium (CalciumChloride</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10 g/L</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.06</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>21.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Intralipid 20%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>2684</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Morphine(MorphineSodium Salt)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.0273</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Potassium(PotassiumChloride</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>59.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sodium (SodiumChloride</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>993.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiopental</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr></table>

2 The compound tested to evaluate the interfering substance is presented in parenthesis. 3 The test concentration for this substance is not included in CLSI guideline EP37 ${ 1 ^ { \mathfrak { s t } } }$ edition.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 8: Potentially Interfering Substances and Test Concentrations for the i-STATTests in the i-STAT G3+ Cartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Substance ²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>SubstanceConcentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>i-STATTest</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Interference(Yes/No)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L(unlessspecified)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL(unlessspecified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Triglyceride</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>16.94</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# ii. Other sensitivity studies

# 1) Altitude

The performance of the $i { - } S T A T \mathrm { p H }$ , $P 0 _ { 2 }$ , and $P \mathrm { C O _ { 2 } }$ tests in the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge on the $i S T A T 1$ analyzer at an altitude of approximately 10,000 feet above sea level was evaluated using whole blood samples at relevant analyte levels across the reportable range for each test. The pH, $P 0 _ { 2 }$ , and $P \mathrm { C O _ { 2 } }$ results obtained from the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridges (candidate device) were compared to the results obtained from the i-STAT $G 3 +$ cartridges on the i-STAT 1 analyzer (comparator device) condition. Passing-Bablok regression analyses between the $\mathbf { 1 ^ { s t } }$ replicate of the candidate device (y-axis) and mean of the comparator device (x-axis) were performed based on the CLSI EP09c-ED3: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation using Patient Samples– Third Edition. The results of the correlation coefficient and slope met the acceptance criteria and demonstrate equivalent performance between the candidate and comparator condition at approximately 10,000 feet above sea level. The results are summarized in Table 9 below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 9: Summary of Altitude Study Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correlation Coefficient (r)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Slope</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998 to0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.974 to 0.989</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998 to0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.016 to1.043</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998 to 0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.979 to 0.996</td></tr></table>

# B. Comparison Studies

# a. Method Comparison with Comparator Device

Method comparison for arterial, venous, and capillary whole blood specimens on the i-STAT $G _ { \mathcal { 3 } ^ { + } }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System was demonstrated in studies based on CLSI EP09c-ED3: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples – Third Edition.

Lithium heparin arterial and venous whole blood specimens collected across multiple point of care sites were evaluated using $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridges on the i-STAT 1 analyzer against whole blood specimens tested on a RAPIDPoint 500/500e. For pH,

$P 0 _ { 2 }$ , and $P \mathrm { C O _ { 2 } }$ , a Passing Bablok linear regression analysis was performed using the first replicate result from the i-STAT 1 analyzer versus the singlicate result from the comparative method.

Two (2) capillary specimens collected from skin puncture with balanced heparin capillary tubes from each study subject across multiple point of care sites were evaluated and analyzed in singlicate on the i‑STAT 1 analyzer against the comparative method. A Passing Bablok linear regression analysis for pH, $P 0 _ { 2 }$ , and $P \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ was performed using the singlicate result from the i-STAT 1 analyzer versus the singlicate result of the comparative method.

The arterial, venous, and capillary data were pooled, and a Passing Bablok linear regression analysis was performed using the results from the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridges on the i-STAT 1 analyzer versus the comparative method results.

Method comparison results for arterial, venous, and capillary whole blood specimens are shown in Table 10. In the table, N is the number of specimens in the data set, and r is the correlation coefficient.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 5: Method Comparison Results for i-STAT G3+ Cartridge with i-STAT 1 System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test(Units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medical DecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias at Medical DecisionLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pH(pH units)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>487</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0042</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0033</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0024</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>487</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>-2.08</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>PCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>-0.44</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.26</td></tr></table>

The method comparison results for capillary whole blood specimens only are shown in Table 11.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 11: Results for i-STAT G3+ Cartridge with i-STAT 1 System- Native and ContrivedCapillary Specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test(Units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH(pH units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.734 - 7.779</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 - 680</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4 - 120.0</td></tr></table>

Bias at the medical decision levels for native capillary whole blood specimens only are shown in Table 12.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 12: Results for i-STAT G3+ Cartridge with i-STAT 1 System- Native and Contrived CapillarySpecimens Bias at Medical Decision Levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(Units)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RangeMin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RangeMax</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MedicalDecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bias</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pH(pHunits)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>7.315</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>7.576</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0079</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-0.0219, 0.0040)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-0.0110, 0.0050)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-0.0018, 0.0077)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>189</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-8.1, -1.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-4.5, -0.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-1.5, 0.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PCO2(mmHg)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>27.7</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>52.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.80, 2.25)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.60, 3.36)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.28, 4.17)</td></tr></table>

# b. Matrix Equivalence

A matrix equivalence study was conducted to evaluate the performance of the i-STAT $\mathrm { p H }$ , $P 0 _ { 2 }$ , and $P \mathrm { C O _ { 2 } }$ tests in the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 System using non-anticoagulated arterial and venous whole blood specimens. The study design and analysis method were based on recommendations from the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) guideline EP35: Assessment of Equivalence or Suitability of Specimen Types for Medical Laboratory Measurement Procedures, First Edition. The matrix equivalence of each test in the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge was assessed by comparing arterial or venous whole blood specimens collected without anticoagulant (candidate specimen type) to samples collected with balanced heparin or lithium heparin anticoagulant (primary specimen type). Each specimen was tested in duplicate using two (2) $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridges with two (2) i-STAT 1 analyzers. A Passing-Bablok linear regression analysis was performed using the first replicate result from the candidate (y-axis) versus the mean result from the primary specimen (x-axis). The regression analysis results are summarized in Table 13. In the table, N is the number of specimens in the data set, and r is the correlation coefficient

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 13: Matrix Equivalence Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test (units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate SpecimenRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary SpecimenRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH (pH units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.211-7.550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.209-7.539</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14-205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2 (mmHg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.1-73.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.0-75.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.98</td></tr></table>

# VIII. CONCLUSION

The results of these studies demonstrate that performance of the i-STAT pH, $P 0 _ { 2 }$ and $P \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ tests in the $i { - } S T A T G 3 { + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.