# February 24, 2023

SB-Kawasumi Laboratories, Inc.   
$\%$ Valerie Followell   
Regulatory Consultant   
Regulatory Compliance Associates, Inc. (RCA) 10411 Corporate Drive, Suite 102   
Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin 53158

Re: K223810 Trade/Device Name: Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA Dated: January 27, 2022 Received: January 27, 2022

Dear Valerie Followell:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Acting Assistant Director   
DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors   
OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH)

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Female luer type   
TKawaMultiSamdapter witre-ace Holder BCHsteri non-nvasivedevices o

Male luer type KawaMult Smpldaptr witre-e Holder BCHterion-nvasivdevics c

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and aintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# K223810 - 510(K) Summary

Manufacturer: SB-KAWASUMI LABORATORIES, INC.

Address:   
3-25-4, Tonomachi, Kawasaki-ku   
Kawasaki-shi, Kanagawa   
210-8602, JAPAN

Corresponding Official/Contact: Valerie Followell Regulatory Consultant Telephone Number: 847-400-6187 Email: v.followell@rcainc.com

Summary Date: February 24, 2023

Trade Name: Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH)

Common or Usual Name: Blood Collection Tubes, Vials, Systems, Serum Separators

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675

Regulation Name: Blood specimen collection device

Product Code: JKA

Class: Class 2

Panel: Clinical Chemistry

Predicate Device: Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-attached Holder has only one configuration with Male Luer Adapter (K190485)

# Device Description:

The Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-attached Holder (MBCH) is a sterile, single use device consisting of a plastic holder with a non-patient contacting stainless steel cannula covered with a rubber sheath and a luer adapter. There are two types of the device with difference in luer adapter type; male luer adapter type and female luer adapter type. The predicate device (K190485) is the male luer type and the proposed device is the female luer type, and the subject of this special 510(k) premarket notification submission.

The male luer adapter type is used to collect blood specimen into blood collection tube by   
connecting to female luer connectors of vascular access devices such as peripheral, central   
catheter, Huber needle, etc. (predicate [Item number MBCH-01])   
The female luer adapter type is used to transfer blood from a syringe into blood collection tube   
or blood culture bottle. After drawing patient blood into a syringe, connect the female luer   
adapter of the device to the syringe. When inserting a tube, the blood is transferred into the   
tube using tube’s vacuum. (subject [Item number MBCH-02])

The device is sterilized using Ethylene Oxide. The device is a prescription-use device intended to be used in hospitals or healthcare facilities.

# Indications for Use:

Female luer type   
• The Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH) is a sterile, non-invasive device used for connection with syringes when transferring blood specimen from a syringe to blood collection tube or blood culture bottle. Male luer type   
• The Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH) is a sterile, non-invasive device used for connection with a female luer system and non-needle devices in order to collect blood specimen to blood collection tube.

510(k) Summary Device Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">5Tu(k) Summary Device Comparison Table</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature of theDevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device:SB-KAWASUMILABORATORIES,INC.Kawasumi         MultipleSample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Kawasumi Laboratories, Inc.Kawasumi Multiple SampleAdapter with Pre-AttachedHolder (MBCH)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Discussion/Comment:The company name hasbeen changed. Statementincluded in submission.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item number(Model number)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MBCH-01 and MBCH-02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MBCH-01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DifferentThe new item numberMBCH-02 is added.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K223810</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K190485</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JKA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JKA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClassificationName</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tubes, Vials, Systems, SerumSeparators, Blood Collection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tubes, Vials, Systems, SerumSeparators, Blood Collection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Specimen Collection Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Specimen Collection Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rx or OTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rx only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rx Only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of Uses</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use Environment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hospital and/or Healthcare Facility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hospital and/or Healthcare Facility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Female luer type•The Kawasumi MultipleSample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH)is a sterile, non-invasivedevice used forconnection with syringeswhen transferring bloodspecimen from a syringeto blood collection tube orblood culture bottle.Male luer typeThe Kawasumi MultipleSample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (MBCH)is a sterile, non-invasivedevice used forconnection with a femaleluer system and non-needle devices in order tocollect blood specimen toblood collection tube.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Kawasumi Multiple SampleAdapter with Pre-Attached Holder(MBCH) is a sterile, non-invasivedevice used for connection with afemale luer system and non-needle devices in order to collectblood specimen to bloodcollection tube.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DifferentAlthough there is adifference in where toconnect the device, bothtypes are used forcollecting blood specimento blood collection tube orblood culture bottle.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as the Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as the Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gauge: 20GLength (mm): 64.1± 0.3Width (mm): 31 ± 0.3 x 23.5 ± 0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gauge: 20GLength(mm): 64.1 ± 0.3Width(mm): 31 ± 0.3 x 23.5 ± 0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luer AdapterType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Female</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Male</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DifferentDifferences do notchange assertion ofequivalence of devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of Uses</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-Use Rx Only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-Use Rx Only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MaterialsHub</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polycarbonate (PC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polycarbonate (PC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DifferentMaterial is identical withthe exception of its color.Supportive informationincluded in submission.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stainless Steel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stainless Steel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epoxy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epoxy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Silicone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Silicone Oil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Silicone Oil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DifferentSupportive informationincluded in submission.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sheath</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoprene RubberNot made with Natural RubberLatex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoprene RubberNot made with Natural RubberLatex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Holder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polypropylene (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polypropylene (PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biocompatibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Complies with ISO 10993</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Complies with ISO 10993</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SterilizationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylene Oxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylene Oxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 years</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 years</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Technological Characteristics:

The Subject Device and the Predicate Device have similar technological characteristics. Both devices are sterile, single-use, non-invasive devices with a Pre-Attached Holder used for connection with a female luer system and non-needle devices in order to collect blood specimen to blood collection tube.

The Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adaptor with Pre-Attached Holder (Subject Device [MBCH02]) is substantially equivalent to the Predicate Device [MBCH-01] with regard to technologic characteristics, materials, performance and intended use.

# Non-Clinical Testing:

Non-Clinical Performance Testing was performed to ensure that the device meets design requirements and specifications and to confirm performance of the Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adaptor with Pre-Attached Holder [MBCH-02].

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Referenced standard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Performance &amp; Chemical Testing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luer connector evaluation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO 80369-7:2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simulation test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In-house</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physical test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO 1135-3:2016, in-house</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Particulate contamination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USP&lt;788&gt;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemical test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO 1135-3:2016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Usability test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO 14971:2019IEC 62366-1:2015 + Amd.1:2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sterilization, Transportation &amp; Packaging</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EtO residual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO 10993-7:2008/Amd.1:2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial endotoxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USP &lt;85&gt;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sterility test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USP &lt;71&gt;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transportation &amp; Package</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO 11607-1:2019ISO 11607-2:2019ASTM D4169-16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

Based on the Non-Clinical Performance Testing conducted on the subject device, intended use, and principles of operation it may be concluded that the Kawasumi Multiple Sample Adapter with Pre-Attached Holder (Subject Device [MBCH-02]) is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed Predicate Device [MBCH-01].