Instrumentation Laboratory Company   
Gabriella Erdosy   
Director of Regulatory Affairs   
180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, Massachusetts 01730

Re: K223608 Trade/Device Name: GEM Premier 7000 with iQM3 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1120 Regulation Name: Blood Gases (pCO2, pO2) and Blood pH Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CHL, JGS, CEM, CGZ, JFP, CGA, KHP, MQM, GKF, GKR, GHS, GLY Dated: July 10, 2023 Received: July 11, 2023

Dear Gabriella Erdosy:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known) K223608

Device Name

GEM Premier 7000 with iQM3

Indications for Use (Describe)

The GEM Premier 7000 with iQM3 is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze lithium heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory.The instrument provides quantitative measurements of pH, pCO2, pO2, sodium, potassium, chloride, ionized calcium, glucose, lactate, hematocrit, total bilirubin, and CO-Oximetry (tHb, O2Hb, COHb, MetHb, HHb, ${ \bf s } { \bf O } 2 ^ { * }$ ) parameters from arterial, venous, or capillary lithium heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient’s acid/base status, electrolyte and metabolite balance and oxygen delivery capacity.

${ } ^ { * } { \bf s } { \bf O } 2 =$ ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus deoxyhemoglobin.

• pH, pCO2, and pO2 measurements in whole blood are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid- base disturbances.

• Electrolytes in the human body have multiple roles. Nearly all metabolic processes depend on or vary with electrolytes:

– Sodium $\mathrm { ( N a + ) }$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison’s disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

– Potassium $( \mathrm { K } ^ { + } )$ measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment

of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

– Ionized calcium $\mathrm { ( C a + + ) }$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease, and tetany.

– Chloride (Cl-) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

• Hematocrit (Hct) measurements in whole blood of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells).

• Glucose (Glu) measurement is used in the diagnosis, monitoring and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism

disturbances including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathic hypoglycemia, and pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

• Lactate (Lac) measurement is used:   
– to evaluate the acid-base status of patients suspected of having lactic acidosis; – to monitor tissue hypoxia and strenuous physical exertion;   
– in the diagnosis of hyperlactatemia.

• Total Bilirubin (tBili) measurement is used to aid in assessing the risk of kernicterus and hyperbilirubinemia in neonates.

• CO-Oximetry (tHb, COHb, MetHb, O2Hb, HHb, and sO2) evaluates the ability of the blood to carry oxygen by measuring total hemoglobin and determining the percentage of functional and dysfunctional hemoglobin species.

Total Hemoglobin (tHb): Total hemoglobin measurements are used to measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood for the detection of anemia.

– COHb: Carboxyhemoglobin measurements are used to determine the carboxyhemoglobin content of huma

blood as an aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning.   
– MetHb: Methemoglobin measurements are used to determine different conditions of   
methemoglobinemia.   
– HHb: Deoxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used in combination with oxyhemoglobin to measure oxygen status.   
– O2Hb: Oxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used in combination with   
deoxyhemoglobin to measure oxygen status.   
– sO2: Oxygen saturation, more specifically the ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus deoxyhemoglobin, is used to measure oxygen status.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# K223608: GEM Premier 7000 with IQM3

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan="3">Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co.</td></tr><tr><td>180 Hartwell Road</td></tr><tr><td>Bedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="5">Contact Person</td><td>Gabriella Erdosy</td></tr><tr><td>Director of Regulatory Affairs</td></tr><tr><td>Phone: 781-861-4571</td></tr><tr><td>Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td>Email: gerdosy@werfen.com</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>August 10, 2023</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>GEM Premier 7000 with iQM3</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>GEM Premier 5000</td><td>K203790</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>GEM Premier 7000 with iQM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pCO2, pO2,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Gases (pCO2, pO2) and Blood pHsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ⅱ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>||</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGZ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lonized Calcium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I|I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactic acid test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (total and unbound)in the neonate test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I(Reserved)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MQM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated hematocrit instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKF</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>CO-Oximetry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.7425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carboxyhemoglobin assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GHS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated hemoglobin system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.7500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood hemoglobin assays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLY</td></tr></table>

\* Meets limitations of exemptions per 21 CFR 862.9(c)(9)

# Special Conditions for Use Statement

For prescription use only. • For clinical laboratory and point-of-care use.

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Device Description The GEM Premier 7000 with iQM3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">The GEM Premier 7000 with iQM system provides health care professionals with quantitative measurements o leiz whobloo H, CO O a C,Cg, ac Hc, total C- HH  eH r i  </td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. *sO = Ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus deoxyhemoglobin. Key Components Description</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument</td><td>It employs a unique touch-sensitive color screen and a simple set of menus and buttons for user interaction. The analyzer guides operators through the sampling process with simple, clear messages and prompts.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="7">PAK (Cartridge)</td><td>All required components for sample analysis are contained in the GEM PAK, including sensors, optical cell for CO-Oximetry and total bilirubin, sampler, pump tubing, distribution valve, waste container and Process Control Solutions. The GEM PAK is an entirely closed analytical system. The operator cannot introduce changes to the analytical process before or during the</td></tr><tr><td>GEM PAK&#x27;s use-life on board the instrument. The GEM PAK has flexible menus and test volume options to assist facilities in maximizing efficiency. The EEPROM on the GEM PAK includes all solution values and controls the analyte menu and number of tests.</td></tr><tr><td>The setup of the instrument consists of inserting the GEM PAK into the instrument. The instrument will perform an automated GEM PAK start-up during which the following is performed: warm-up (15 minutes), sensor conditioning (10 minutes), Process Control Solution (PCS) performance (15</td></tr><tr><td>minutes), all of which take about 40 minutes. After GEM PAK start-up, Auto PAK Validation (APV) process is automatically completed: two completely independent solutions traceable to NIST standards, CLSI procedures or internal standards, containing two levels of</td></tr><tr><td>concentration for each analyte (PC Solution D and E), are run by the analyzer to validate the integrity of the PC Solutions and the overall performance of the analytical system. Note: GEM PAKs that include tBili analyte will require the successful</td></tr><tr><td>performance of CVP 5 tBili. Includes all necessary components for hemolysis detection, such as an acoustofluidic flow cell, an LED light source and an optical detector, for</td></tr><tr><td>appropriate flagging of potassium measurements in whole blood samples without additional sample volume or sample processing steps. iQM3 is used as the quality control and assessment system for the GEM Premier 7000 system. iQM3 is an active quality process control program</td></tr><tr><td>Intelligent Quality Management (iQM3)</td><td>designed to provide continuous monitoring of the analytical process before, during and after sample measurement with real-time, automatic error detection, automatic correction of the system and automatic documentation of all corrective actions, replacing the use of traditional external QC. iQM3 introduces hemolysis detection in whole blood samples, enhancing quality assessment in the pre-analytical phase of testing.</td></tr></table>

# Indications for Use / Intended Use

The GEM Premier 7000 with $\mathsf { i } \mathsf { Q } \mathsf { M } _ { 3 }$ is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze lithium heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory.

The instrument provides quantitative measurements of pH, $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ , $p { \mathsf { O } } _ { 2 }$ , sodium, potassium, chloride, ionized calcium, glucose, lactate, hematocrit, total bilirubin, and CO-Oximetry (tHb, $0 _ { 2 } H _ { \mathsf { b } }$ , COHb, MetHb, HHb, ${ \mathsf { s O } } _ { 2 } { } ^ { * }$ ) parameters from arterial, venous, or capillary lithium heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient’s acid/base status, electrolyte and metabolite balance and oxygen delivery capacity.

$^ { * } { \sf S O } _ { 2 } =$ ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus deoxyhemoglobin.

pH, $p { \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 } ,$ and $p 0 _ { 2 }$ measurements in whole blood are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatenin acid- base disturbances.

Electrolytes in the human body have multiple roles. Nearly all metabolic processes depend on or vary with electrolytes:

Sodium $\left( \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } \right)$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison’s disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.   
Potassium $( \mathsf { K } ^ { + } )$ measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.   
Ionized calcium $\left( \mathsf { C a } ^ { + + } \right)$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease, and tetany.   
Chloride (Cl-) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

Hematocrit (Hct) measurements in whole blood of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells).

Glucose (Glu) measurement is used in the diagnosis, monitoring and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbances including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathic hypoglycemia, and pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

Lactate (Lac) measurement is used:

to evaluate the acid-base status of patients suspected of having lactic acidosis;   
to monitor tissue hypoxia and strenuous physical exertion;   
in the diagnosis of hyperlactatemia.

Total Bilirubin (tBili) measurement is used to aid in assessing the risk of kernicterus and hyperbilirubinemia in neonates.

CO-Oximetry (tHb, COHb, MetHb, $O _ { 2 } H _ { 2 }$ , HHb, and ${ \mathsf { s O } } _ { 2 }$ ) evaluates the ability of the blood to carry oxygen by measuring total hemoglobin and determining the percentage of functional and dysfunctional hemoglobin species.

– Total Hemoglobin (tHb): Total hemoglobin measurements are used to measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood for the detection of anemia.

– COHb: Carboxyhemoglobin measurements are used to determine the carboxyhemoglobin content of human blood as an aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning.

– MetHb: Methemoglobin measurements are used to determine different conditions of methemoglobinemia.

– HHb: Deoxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used in combination with oxyhemoglobin to measure oxygen status.

– $O _ { 2 } H _ { 2 }$ : Oxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used in combination with deoxyhemoglobin to measure oxygen status.

– ${ \mathsf { s O } } _ { 2 }$ : Oxygen saturation, more specifically the ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus deoxyhemoglobin, is used to measure oxygen status.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Comparison to Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>T e0 ys al ualent predicate device:Predicate Device: GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Names</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K203790</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 7000 with iQM3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable criticalcare system for use by health careprofessionals to rapidly analyze heparinizedwhole blood samples at the point of healthcare delivery in a clinical setting and in a centrallaboratory.The instrument provides quantitativemeasurements of pH, pCO2, pO2, sodium,potassium, chloride, ionized calcium, glucose,lactate, hematocrit, total bilirubin, and CO-Oximetry (tHb, O2Hb, COHb, MetHb, HHb,sO2*) parameters from arterial, venous, orcapillary heparinized whole blood. Theseparameters, along with derived parameters,aid in the diagnosis of a patient&#x27;s acid/basestatus, electrolyte and metabolite balance andoxygen delivery capacity.*sO2 = ratio between the concentration ofoxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plusdeoxyhemoglobin.pH, pCO2, and pO2 measurements inwhole blood are used in the diagnosis andtreatment of life-threatening acid- basedisturbances.Electrolytes in the human body havemultiple roles. Nearly all metabolicprocesses depend on or vary withelectrolytes:Sodium (Na+) measurements areused in the diagnosis and treatmentof aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus,adrenal hypertension, Addison&#x27;sdisease, dehydration, inappropriateantidiuretic secretion, or otherdiseases  involving  electrolyteimbalance.Potassium (K+) measurements areused to monitor electrolyte balancein the diagnosis and treatment ofdisease conditions characterized bylow or high blood potassium levels.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use (Continued)</td><td>lonized disease, and tetany. diabetic acidosis. Hematocrit (Hct) measurements in whole blood of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells). Glucose (Glu) measurement is used in the diagnosis, monitoring and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbances including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathic hypoglycemia, and pancreatic islet cell carcinoma. Lactate (Lac) measurement is used: acidosis; Total Bilirubin (tBili) measurement is used to aid in assessing the risk of kernicterus and hyperbilirubinemia in neonates. CO-Oximetry (tHb, COHb, MetHb, O2Hb, HHb, and sO2) evaluates the ability of the blood to carry oxygen by measuring total hemoglobin and percentage of dysfunctional hemoglobin species. anemia. poisoning. MetHb: Methemoglobin different conditions of methemoglobinemia.</td><td>calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal Chloride (Cl) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and to evaluate the acid-base status of patients suspected of having lactic to monitor tissue hypoxia and strenuous physical exertion; in the diagnosis of hyperlactatemia. determining functional Total Hemoglobin (tHb): Total hemoglobin measurements are used to measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood for the detection of COHb: Carboxyhemoglobin measurements are used to determine the carboxyhemoglobin content of human blood as an aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide measurements are used to determine</td><td>(Ca+) the and</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>HHb: Deoxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used in combination with oxyhemoglobin to measure oxygen status. O2Hb: Oxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used combination with deoxyhemoglobin to measure oxygen status. sO2: Oxygen saturation, more specifically the ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus deoxyhemoglobin, is used to measure oxygen status.</td><td>in</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Comparison to Predicate (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">NOTE: The comparison on this page is to the predicate device, the GEM Premier 5000.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>Item Trade Names</td><td>GEM Premier 5000</td><td>K203790</td><td>New Device GEM Premier 7000 with iQM3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td>Intended User</td><td colspan="2">Central Laboratory and Point-of-Care</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Blood Gas Measurement</td><td colspan="2">Potentiometry: pH and pCO</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Electrolyte Measurement</td><td colspan="2">Amperometry: pO2 Potentiometry: Na, K+, Cl, Ca++</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Metabolite Measurement</td><td colspan="2">Amperometry: Glucose and Lactate</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin Measurement</td><td colspan="2">Spectrophotometry: tHb, O2Hb, COHb, MetHb, HHb, sO2</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Total Bilirubin</td><td colspan="2">Spectrophotometry</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Hematocrit Measurement</td><td colspan="2">Conductivity</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Introduction</td><td colspan="2">Aspiration</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Sampling Modes and Sample Volumes</td><td colspan="2">Normal Mode 150 μL</td><td rowspan="3">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Micro Mode 65 μL</td></tr><tr><td>tBili/CO-Ox Mode 100 μL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>PAK Shelf-Life Stability</td><td colspan="2">Up to 180 days</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>PAK Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="2">15-25°</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>System Operating Temperature</td><td colspan="2">12-32°</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Operating System Software</td><td colspan="2">Linux-based</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Calibration</td><td colspan="2">2-point calibration</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Comparison to Predicate (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">NOTE:The comparison on this page is to the predicate device, the GEM Premier 5000.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K203790</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 7000 with iQM3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Similarities (Continued)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Heparinized whole blood(venous, arterial or capillary)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="17">Reportable Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">7.00 to 7.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pCO2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">6 to 125 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">6 to 690 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na+</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100 to 180 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K+</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.0 to 19.0 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca++</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.11 to 4.25 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cl</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">40 to 158 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4 to 685 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactate</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.3 to 17.0 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">15 to 72%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tBili</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.0 to 40.0 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tHb</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.0 to 23.0 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O2Hb</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.7 to 100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COHb</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.3 to 75.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MetHb</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.7 to 30.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HHb</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.0 to 100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">sO2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.7 to 100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Comparison to Predicate (Cont.) NOTE: The comparison on this page is to the predicate device, the GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4"></td></tr><tr><td>Item Trade Names</td><td colspan="2">Predicate Device GEM Premier 5000</td><td>New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">K203790 GEM Premier 7000 with iQM3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Instrument Dimensions</td><td colspan="2">Differences GEM Premier 5000 Instrument:</td><td>GEM Premier 7000 with iQM3 Instrument: Height: 18.9 inches</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Height: 18.6 inches Width: 13.0 inches Depth: 16.4 inches Weight: 45.4 pounds GEM Premier 5000 PAK (Cartridge):</td><td>Width: 12.9 inches Depth: Same • Weight: 45.3 pounds • GEM Premier 7000 PAK with iQM3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Cartridge (PAK) Dimensions •</td><td colspan="2">• Height: 6.75 inches Width: 10 inches</td><td rowspan="2">(Cartridge): Height: 6.6 inches Width: 10.2 inches • • Depth: 7.6 inches • Weight: Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">• Depth: 8 inches Weight: 8.1 pounds •</td></tr><tr><td>Fluidic Pathway</td><td colspan="2">The fluidic pathway directly connects Sensor Card and CO-Ox module</td><td>Addition of the new iQM quality check module between Sensor Card and CO- Ox module</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Fluidic Process</td><td colspan="2">Micro Mode (65 μL)</td><td>Additional time (11s) for the new iQM quality check before analyte measurements</td></tr><tr><td>PAK (Reagent) Bags</td><td colspan="2">Process Control Solution Bag (PCS) B Cartridge fluidic components interface</td><td>Addition of Heparin Modification to existing analyzer</td></tr><tr><td>Cartridge-Analyzer Interface</td><td colspan="2">with hardware components on the analyzer</td><td>connection to support the iQM quality check module An analyzer capable of supporting the</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument</td><td colspan="2">An analyzer capable of supporting the GEM Premier 5000 Cartridge (PAK)</td><td>GEM Premier 7000 with iQM3 Cartridge (PAK)</td></tr><tr><td>PAK Compatibility</td><td colspan="2">GEM Premier 5000 only</td><td>GEM Premier 7000 with iQM only</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Comparison to Predicate (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">NOTE: The following table compares iQM2 on the GEM Premier 5000 to iQM3 on the GEM Premier 7000.</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>Predicate Device</td><td>New Device</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Names Instrument</td><td>iQM2 (Intelligent Quality Management 2) GEM Premier 5000</td><td>iQM3 (Intelligent Quality Management 3) GEM Premier 7000 with iQM3</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) No. Quality Control Principle</td><td>K203790 Active quality process control program using a combination of internal Auto PAK Validation (APV) and one level of external Calibration Valuation Product (CVP 5), five internal Process Control Solutions (PCSs) Pattern Recognition (PR) software and IntraSpect sample integrity quality checks,</td><td>K223608 Same</td></tr><tr><td>Error Detection Scheme</td><td>traditional external quality controls. Multi-level checks for detecting cartridge errors. System checks • Sensor/CO-Oximetry checks IntraSpect checks</td><td>Same except addition of Hemolysis detection. Same, except addition of • Hemolysis detection functionality Same except the addition of Hemolysis Module Checks Same Same Same</td></tr><tr><td>Error Mitigation</td><td>Performing special rinse cycle after detecting micro-clots and verifying the cartridge function after clot removal. Permanently disabling failed sensor if its functionality could not be recovered. Rejecting cartridge for process stability failure. Alerting the user if interferences are detected in a sample. Automatically documenting the failure and action taken. IntraSpect</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Documentation</td><td>Automatic documentation: Process Control Solutions delta charts. Error reporting and corrective action report. GEM CVP report.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Comparison to Predicate (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">NOTE: The following table compares internal Process Control (PC) Solutions in the GEM Premier 5000 PAK (cartridge) to interal Process Control (PC) Solutions in the GEM Premier 7000 with iQM PAK (cartrige).</td></tr><tr><td>Category</td><td>Predicate Device</td><td>New Device</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Names</td><td>Process Control (PC) Solutions</td><td>Process Control (PC) Solutions</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument</td><td>GEM Premier 5000</td><td>GEM Premier 7000 with iQM3</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) No.</td><td>K203790</td><td>K223608</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>PC Solution B is the primary Process Control Solution measured at a minimum of every half hour or after every sample. Furthermore, Solution B is monitored every 30 seconds while residing in the sensor card between measurements. Further, PC Solution B is used as a reference blank for CO- Oximetry. PC Solution A is measured at a minimum of every 4 hours. All sensor slope values are also measured and checked. Slope, which is an indicator of sensor sensitivity and drift, must be within allowable limits. PC Solution A also contains dyes that are used for checking functionality of the optical cell and the CO-Oximetry. PC Solution C is measured at a minimum of once every 24 hours. PC Solution C is primarily used for measuring low-level oxygen; however, PC Solution C is also used to provide an additional measurement of pH, pCO2 and K† sensor functionality.</td><td>• PC Solution B - Same, except the addition of Heparin PC Solution A - Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">PC Solutions</td><td>PC Solution C - Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">PC Solution D is measured every 12 hours. PC Solution D provides additional measurement for all analytes including CO-Oximetry. Reference values for analytes in PC Solution D are assigned at time of manufacturing. The D sensor check starts after the successful</td><td>PC Solution D - Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">completion of Auto PAK Validation (APV). PC Solution E is measured every 12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">hours. PC Solution E provides additional measurement for all analytes including CO-Oximetry. Reference values for analytes in PC Solution E are assigned at time of manufacturing. The E sensor check starts after the successful completion of Auto PAK Validation (APV).</td><td>PC Solution E - Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Performance Summary</td></tr><tr><td>Veriation Internal Method Comparison, Intenal Whol Blood recison, Hemolysi Intererence notassu, Hemolysis Verification), Shelf-ie and Use-life studies were performed toestablish that the modifiations in withhe diti the ewM qualiyheck (Hemolysdetectnmodul the GM rem7000 wih IQMdo not impact the performance dat represented in the Operators Manual.These studes follow recognized guidelines: • CLSI EP05-A3 • CLSI EP07, 3rd Ed</td></tr></table>

All verification activities were performed in accordance to established plans and protocols and design control procedures. Testing verified that all acceptance criteria were met.

<table><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>The technological and functional characteristics of the new GEM Premier 7000 with iQM as described above are substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device GEM Premier 5000. The analytical study results demonstrate that the GEM Premier 7000 with iQM is safe and effective for its intended purpose and equivalent in performance to the predicate device (K203790).</td></tr></table>