January 27, 2023

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. Gabriella Erdosy   
Director of Regulatory Affairs 180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, MA 01730

Re: K223090 Trade/Device Name: GEM Premier ChemSTAT Regulation Number: 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CGA, JGS, CEM, CGZ, JFP, CHL, KHP, GKF, JFY, CDQ, KHS Dated: September 29, 2022 Received: September 30, 2022

Dear Gabriella Erdosy:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see

https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) k223090</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

The GEM Premier ChemSTAT is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze lithium heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of sodium $\mathrm { ( N a + ) }$ , Potassium $( \mathrm { K } ^ { + } )$ , Ionized Calcium $\mathrm { ( C a + + ) }$ , Chloride (Cl-), Glucose (Glu), Lactate (Lac), Hematocrit (Hct), Creatinine (Crea), Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN), Total Carbon Dioxide (tCO2), $\mathrm { p H }$ , and partial pressure of carbon dioxide (pCO2) from arterial and venous heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient’s acid/base status, electrolyte and metabolite balance.

Electrolytes in the human body have multiple roles. Nearly all metabolic processes depend on or vary with electrolytes:

• Sodium $\mathrm { ( N a + ) }$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison’s disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

• Potassium $( \mathrm { K } ^ { + } )$ measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

• Ionized calcium $\mathrm { ( C a + + ) }$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.

• Chloride (Cl-) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

• Glucose (Glu) measurement is used in the diagnosis, monitoring and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbances including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

• Lactate (Lac) measurement is used to evaluate the acid-base status of patients suspected of having lactic acidosis, to monitor tissue hypoxia and strenuous physical exertion, and in the diagnosis of hyperlactatemia.

• Hematocrit (Hct) measurements in whole blood of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells).

• Creatinine (Crea) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases and in monitoring renal dialysis.

• Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN) or urea measurements are used for the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of certain renal and metabolic diseases.

• Total carbon dioxide/tCO2 (also referred to as bicarbonate/HCO3-) is used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated with changes in body acid-base balance.

• pH and pCO2 measurements in whole blood are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# O NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co. 180 Hartwell Road Bedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="5">Contact Person</td><td>Gabriella Erdosy</td></tr><tr><td>Director of Regulatory Affairs</td></tr><tr><td>Phone: 781-861-4571</td></tr><tr><td>Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td>Email: gerdosy@werfen.com</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>September 29, 2022</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>510(k) Number</td><td>K223090</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td><td>K183549, K183546,K183555</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulationSection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulatory Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH, pCO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Gases (pCO2, pO2) and BloodpH system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">75</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1665</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JGS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CEM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloride test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CGZ</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IonizedCalcium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1145</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JFP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1345</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CGA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactic acid test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KHP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulationSection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulatory Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.5600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated hematocrit instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GKF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JFY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">75</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood UreaNitrogen(BUN)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1770</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea Nitrogen Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDQ</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tCO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bicarbonate/Carbon Dioxide System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KHS</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Description</td></tr><tr><td>The GEM Premier ChemSTAT system provides fast, accurate, quantitative measurements of Sodium (Na), Potassium (K*), Ionized Calcium (Ca+), Chloride (Cl), Glucose (Glu), Lactate (Lac), Hematocrit (Hct), Creatinine (Crea), Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN), Total Carbon Dioxide (tCO2), pH, and partial pressure of carbon dioxide (pCO2) from arterial and venous lithium heparinized whole blood.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Risk Management</td></tr><tr><td>The Risk Management was performed in compliance with ISO 14971:2019 Medical Devices  Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices. A series of risk assessments were performed in order to identify and mitigate any potential risks associated to the design changes for the modified device.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Verification and Validation Summary</td></tr><tr><td>All verification and validation activities were performed in accordance to established plans and protocols and Design Control procedures. Testing verified all acceptance criteria were met.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Cybersecurity Information</td></tr><tr><td>Cybersecurity assessments for the GEM Premier ChemSTAT were performed as part of the Quality Management procedures for software validation and risk analysis activities. Vulnerabilities were identified, assessed and compensating controls were implemented within the software/system, to mitigate potential security threats, system vulnerabilities, viral attacks and safeguard against unauthorizedaccess to patient data.</td></tr><tr><td>Reason for Submission</td></tr><tr><td>This Special 510(k) is being submitted to upgrade the operating system from Fedora 17 Linux to WindRiver LTS 18 Linux for the GEM Premier ChemSTAT Instrument. The operating system is being upgraded to accommodate long-term support of resolutions for common vulnerability exposures. The software changes are limited to those required as part of Linux Wind River LTS 18 operating system (OS) and associated changes overall system improvements and reliability.</td></tr><tr><td>for the GEM Premier ChemSTAT application software t support the OS change, strengthen cybersecurity, and</td></tr></table>

The submission meets the criteria for a Special 510(k) based on the following:

The proposed change is submitted by the manufacturer legally authorized to market the existing device. Performance data is limited to Software Verification and Validation as the scope of this Special 510(k) is specific to an operating system upgrade from Fedora 17 Linux to WindRiver LTS 18 Linux.

• There is a well-established method to evaluate the change:

o General Principles of Software Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, January 11, 2002   
o Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices, May 11, 2005   
o Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff, October 2, 2014   
o Off-The-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices, Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff, September 2019

The data can be reviewed in a summary or risk analysis format.

In addition, the changes in this submission do not introduce:

Changes to indications for use or intended use • Changes to the fundamental scientific technology • Changes to operating principle Changes to labeled performance claims

<table><tr><td colspan="2">derive parameters,aid in the diagnosis oa patient&#x27;s acid/base status, electrolyte andmetabolitebalanc. Electrolytes in the human body have multiple roles. Nearly all metabolic processes depend on or vary</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">with electrolytes: Sodium (Na*) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes • insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison&#x27;s disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Potassium (K*) measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Ionized calcium (Ca*) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Chloride (Cl&#x27;) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic • disorders, such as, cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Glucose (Glu) measurement is used in the diagnosis, monitoring and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disturbances including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, idiopathic</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma. Lactate (Lac) measurement is used to evaluate the acid-base status of patients suspected of having</td></tr><tr><td>•</td><td>lactic acidosis, to monitor tissue hypoxia and strenuous physical exertion, and in the diagnosis of hyperlactatemia. Hematocrit (Hct) measurements in whole blood of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample are</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells). Creatinine (Crea) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases and in</td></tr><tr><td>monitoring renal dialysis.</td><td>Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN) or urea measurements are used for the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of certain renal and metabolic diseases.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Total carbon dioxide/tCO2 (also referred to as bicarbonate/HCO3) is used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated with changes in body</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>acid-base balance.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>pH and pCO2 measurements in whole blood are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparison to Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate(K183549, K183546 and K183555)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Updated DeviceSubject of thisSubmission</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier ChemSTAT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended User</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Central Laboratory and Point-of-Care</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Gas Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentiometry: pH and pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrolyte Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentiometry: Na+, K+, Cl, Ca+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metabolite Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometry: Glucose and LactatePotentiometry: tCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conductivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzymatic Potentiometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzymatic Amperometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Introduction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sampling ModesAnd Sample Volumes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•Normal Mode                150 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•  Potentiometry: pH, pCO2, tCO2, Na+, K+,Cl, Ca++Amperometry: Glucose and LactateConductivity: HematocritEnzymatic Potentiometry : BUNEnzymatic Amperometry: Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium Heparinized whole blood (arterial andvenous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Height: 18.5 inchesWidth: 13.1 inches•  Depth: 16.3 inches</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•  42.1 pounds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Operating Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•  12-32°C (53.6°F to 89.6°F)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User Interface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menu Driven Touch Screen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Introduction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating System Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fedora 17 Linux</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wind River LTS 18 Linux</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>The GEM Premier ChemSTAT, with the change in its operating system from Fedora 17 Linux to WindRiver LTS 18 Linux is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device last FDA cleared under K183549, K183546 and K183555.</td></tr></table>