Abbott Ireland Diagnostics Division   
Cherie Lipowsky   
Regulatory Affairs Project Manager   
Lisnarnuck, Longford   
Co. Longford, Ireland

Re: K223317 Trade/Device Name: Alkaline Phosphatase2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1050 Regulation Name: Alkaline Phosphatase Or Isoenzymes Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CJE Dated: June 15, 2023 Received: June 16, 2023

Dear Cherie Lipowsky:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see

https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K223317

Device Name Alkaline Phosphatase2

The Alkaline Phosphatase2 assay is used for the quantitation of alkaline phosphatase in human serum or plasma on the ARCHITECT c System.

Measurements of alkaline phosphatase or its isoenzymes are to be used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, bone, parathyroid, and intestinal diseases.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Section 5: 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of the $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Device Amendments (SMDA) of 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2 $ .

# I. 510(k) Number

K223317

# II. Applicant Name

Abbott Ireland Diagnostics Division   
Lisnamuck, Longford   
Co. Longford,   
Ireland

Primary contact person for all communications:

Cherie Lipowsky, Project Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Abbott Laboratories, Diagnostics Division   
Phone (224) 668-1435   
Fax (224) 667-4836

Secondary contact person for all communications:

Julian Braz, Director, Regulatory Affairs Abbott Laboratories, Diagnostics Division Phone (224) 330-9230   
Fax (224) 667-4836

Date Summary Prepared: July 20, 2023

# III. Device Name

Trade Name: Alkaline Phosphatase2

Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Name: Alkaline phosphatase or isoenzymes test system   
Governing Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 0 5 0 $   
Product Code: CJE

IV. Predicate Device Alkaline Phosphatase (k023807)

V. Description of Device

# A. Principles of the Procedure

Alkaline Phosphatase in a sample catalyzes the hydrolysis of colorless para-nitrophenyl phosphate ( $\dot { p }$ -NPP) to give para-nitrophenol (yellow phenoxide form at alkaline pH) and inorganic phosphate. The rate of absorbance increase at $4 0 4 \mathrm { n m }$ is directly proportional to the alkaline phosphatase activity in the sample. Optimized concentrations of zinc and magnesium ions are present to activate the alkaline phosphatase in the sample.

Methodology: Para-nitrophenyl phosphate ( $\dot { p }$ -NPP)

# B. Reagents

The configurations of the Alkaline Phosphatase2 reagent kits are described below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>List Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04S8720</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04S8730</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per cartridge set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of cartridge sets per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4800</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1 (R1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.9 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.9 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 2 (R2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.9 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.6 mL</td></tr></table>

R1: Active ingredient: 2-amino-2-methylpropanol (AMP) $( 1 7 9 . 5 5 0 \mathrm { g / L } )$ . Preservative: sodium azide. R2: Active ingredient: 4-nitrophenyl phosphate $( 3 0 . 4 3 0 \ \mathrm { g / L } )$ . Preservative: sodium azide.

# VI. Intended Use of the Device

The Alkaline Phosphatase2 assay is used for the quantitation of alkaline phosphatase in human serum or plasma on the ARCHITECT c System.

Measurements of alkaline phosphatase or its isoenzymes are to be used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, bone, parathyroid, and intestinal diseases.

# VII. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The Alkaline Phosphatase2 assay (subject device) is an automated clinical chemistry assay for the quantitation of alkaline phosphatase in human serum or plasma on the ARCHITECT c System.

The similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate device are presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities and Differences Between</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Device &amp; Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device:Alkaline Phosphatase2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Alkaline Phosphatase (LN 7D55)(k023807)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARCHITECT c System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use andIndications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Alkaline Phosphatase2 assay isused for the quantitation of alkalinephosphatase in human serum orplasma on the ARCHITECT c System.Measurements of alkaline phosphataseor its isoenzymes are to be used as anaid in the diagnosis and treatment ofliver, bone, parathyroid, and intestinaldiseases.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Alkaline Phosphatase assay isintended to measure alkalinephosphatase in serum or plasma.Measurement of alkaline phosphataseis used in the diagnosis and treatmentof liver, bone, parathyroid, andintestinal diseases.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Para-nitrophenyl phosphate (p-NPP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum or plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Principle /Principle ofProcedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline Phosphatase in a samplecatalyzes the hydrolysis of colorlesspara-nitrophenyl phosphate (p-NPP) togive para-nitrophenol (yellowphenoxide form at alkaline pH) andinorganic phosphate. The rate ofabsorbance increase at 404 nm isdirectly proportional to the alkalinephosphatase activity in the sample.Optimized concentrations of zinc andmagnesium ions are present to activatethe alkaline phosphatase in the sample.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline phosphatase in the samplecatalyzes the hydrolysis of colorlessp-nitrophenyl phosphate (p-NPP) togive p-nitrophenol and inorganicphosphate. At the pH of the assay(alkaline), the p-nitrophenol is in theyellow phenoxide form.The rate of absorbance increase at404 nm is directly proportional to thealkaline phosphatase activity in thesample. Optimized concentrations ofzinc and magnesium ions are presentto activate the alkaline phosphatase inthe sample.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use of Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum:- Serum tubes- Serum separator tubesPlasma:- Lithium heparin tubes- Lithium heparin separator tubes- Sodium heparin tubes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum:- Glass or plastic tubes with or withoutgel barrierPlasma:- Glass or plastic tubes- Lithium heparin (with or without gelbarrier)- Sodium heparin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IFCC* traceable material</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Molar extinction of p-nitrophenol(non-IFCC method)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrationmethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration and Calibration Factormethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factor method</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Measuring Interval:4 4522 U/LReportable Interval: 34522 U/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Measuring Interval:5-4555 U/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lower Limits ofMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Blank: 1 U/LLimit of Detection: 3 U/LLimit of Quantitation: 4 U/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Detection: 5.0 U/LLimit of Quantitation: 5.0 U/L</td></tr></table>

# VIII. Summary of Nonclinical Performance

# A. Reportable Interval

Based on the limit of detection (LoD), limit of quantitation (LoQ), precision, and linearity, the ranges over which results can be reported are provided below according to the definitions from CLSI EP34, 1st ed.\*

<table><tr><td></td><td>U/L</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Measuring Interval (AMI)a</td><td>4 4522</td></tr><tr><td>Reportable Intervalb</td><td>34522</td></tr></table>

a AMI: The AMI is determined by the range of values in U/L that demonstrated acceptable performance for linearity, imprecision, and bias. b The reportable interval extends from the LoD to the upper limit of the AMI.

# B. Within-Laboratory Precision

Within-Laboratory Precision

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.\* Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Alkaline Phosphatase2 reagents, 3 lots of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, 1 lot of commercially available controls, and 3 instruments. Two controls and 4 human serum panels were tested in a minimum of 2 replicates, twice per day on 20 days on 3 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations, where a unique reagent lot and a unique calibrator lot are paired with 1 instrument. The performance from a representative combination is shown in the following table.

# Calibration method

<table><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="2">Within-Run (Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2">Within-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>n</td><td>Mean (U/L)</td><td>SD (Rangeb)</td><td>%CV (Rangeb)</td><td>SD (Rangeb)</td><td>%CV (Rangeb)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 1</td><td>80</td><td>116</td><td>0.8 (0.8 - 1.0)</td><td>0.7 (0.7 - 0.8)</td><td>3.0 (2.73.0)</td><td>2.6 (2.32.6)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 2</td><td>80</td><td>428</td><td>1.4 (1.2 - 1.7)</td><td>0.3 (0.3 - 0.4)</td><td>7.8 (7.58.4)</td><td>1.8 (1.72.0)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel A</td><td>80</td><td>9</td><td>0.6 (0.6 - 1.1)</td><td>6.3 (6.3 - 11.7)</td><td>0.6 (0.61.1)</td><td>6.7 (6.711.8)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel B</td><td>80</td><td>42</td><td>0.7 (0.7 - 0.9)</td><td>1.6 (1.6  2.3)</td><td>1.0 (1.01.2)</td><td>2.3 (2.32.9)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel C</td><td>80</td><td>2045</td><td>6.8 (6.3  13.3)</td><td>0.3 (0.3 - 0.6)</td><td>43.6 (40.543.6)</td><td>2.1 (1.92.1)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel D</td><td>80</td><td>4306</td><td>14.6 (14.6  28.0)</td><td>0.3 (0.3 - 0.6)</td><td>77.7 (77.798.7)</td><td>1.8 (1.82.2)</td></tr></table>

a Includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variability. b Minimum and maximum SD or $\% \mathrm { C V }$ across the 3 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations.

<table><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="2">Within-Run (Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2">Within-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>n</td><td>Mean (U/L)</td><td>SD (Rangeb)</td><td>%CV (Rangeb)</td><td>SD (Rangeb)</td><td>%CV (Rangeb)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 1</td><td>80</td><td>114</td><td>0.9 (0.8 - 0.9)</td><td>0.8 (0.7 - 0.8)</td><td>3.0 (2.73.1)</td><td>2.6 (2.32.6)</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 2</td><td>80</td><td>423</td><td>1.3 (1.2 - 1.7)</td><td>0.3 (0.3 - 0.4)</td><td>7.9 (7.58.3)</td><td>1.9 (1.71.9)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel A</td><td>80</td><td>9</td><td>0.7 (0.7 - 1.0)</td><td>7.2 (7.2 11.3)</td><td>0.7 (0.71.1)</td><td>7.2 (7.211.5)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel B</td><td>80</td><td>41</td><td>0.7 (0.7 - 0.9)</td><td>1.7 (1.6  2.2)</td><td>0.9 (0.91.2)</td><td>2.1 (2.12.9)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel C</td><td>80</td><td>2017</td><td>6.7 (6.4  13.4)</td><td>0.3 (0.3 - 0.6)</td><td>44.9 (39.544.9)</td><td>2.2 (1.82.2)</td></tr><tr><td>Panel D</td><td>80</td><td>4248</td><td>14.4 (14.4  28.5)</td><td>0.3 (0.3 - 0.6)</td><td>81.0 (81.094.5)</td><td>1.9 (1.92.1)</td></tr></table>

a Includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variability. b Minimum and maximum SD or $\% \mathrm { C V }$ across the 3 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations.

# System Reproducibility

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.\* Testing was conducted using 1 lot of the Alkaline Phosphatase2 reagents, 1 lot of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, 1 lot each of 2 commercially available control sets, and 3 instruments. Each instrument was operated by a different technician, and each technician prepared an individual sample set. Five levels of controls were tested in a minimum of 3 replicates at 2 separate times per day on 5 different days.

Calibration method   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample</td><td rowspan="2">n</td><td rowspan="2">Mean (U/L)</td><td colspan="2">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2">Within-Laboratorya</td><td colspan="2">Reproducibilityb</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 1</td><td>90</td><td>113</td><td>1.1</td><td>1.0</td><td>2.6</td><td>2.3</td><td>2.6</td><td>2.3</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 2</td><td>90</td><td>460</td><td>2.6</td><td>0.6</td><td>5.6</td><td>1.2</td><td>6.6</td><td>1.4</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level A</td><td>90</td><td>71</td><td>0.8</td><td>1.2</td><td>0.9</td><td>1.3</td><td>1.1</td><td>1.5</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level B</td><td>90</td><td>177</td><td>1.7</td><td>0.9</td><td>4.4</td><td>2.5</td><td>4.4</td><td>2.5</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level C</td><td>90</td><td>359</td><td>2.1</td><td>0.6</td><td>6.3</td><td>1.8</td><td>7.0</td><td>2.0</td></tr></table>

a Includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variability. b Includes within-run, between-run, between-day, and between-instrument variability.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample</td><td rowspan="2">n</td><td rowspan="2">Mean (U/L)</td><td colspan="2">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2">Within-Laboratorya</td><td colspan="2">Reproducibilityb</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 1</td><td>90</td><td>108</td><td>1.0</td><td>0.9</td><td>2.4</td><td>2.3</td><td>2.7</td><td>2.5</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 2</td><td>90</td><td>443</td><td>2.6</td><td>0.6</td><td>5.4</td><td>1.2</td><td>8.0</td><td>1.8</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level A</td><td>90</td><td>68</td><td>0.8</td><td>1.2</td><td>0.9</td><td>1.3</td><td>1.5</td><td>2.2</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level B</td><td>90</td><td>171</td><td>1.6</td><td>0.9</td><td>4.4</td><td>2.6</td><td>5.2</td><td>3.0</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level C</td><td>90</td><td>345</td><td>2.1</td><td>0.6</td><td>6.1</td><td>1.8</td><td>8.9</td><td>2.6</td></tr></table>

a Includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variability. b Includes within-run, between-run, between-day, and between-instrument variability.

# C. Accuracy

A study was performed to estimate the bias of the Alkaline Phosphatase2 assay relative to materials standardized to the IFCC reference method.

# Calibration method

Testing was conducted with each of the 2 materials standardized to the IFCC reference method using 3 lots of the Alkaline Phosphatase2 reagents, 1 lot of the Consolidated Chemistry Calibrator, and 2 instruments. The bias was within $\pm 3 . 7 \%$ .

# Calibration Factor method

Testing was conducted with each of the 2 materials standardized to the IFCC reference method using 3 lots of the Alkaline Phosphatase2 reagents and 2 instruments. The bias was within $\pm \ : 3 . 2 \%$ .

# D. Lower Limits of Measurement

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP17-A2.\* Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Alkaline Phosphatase2 reagents on each of 2 instruments over a minimum of 3 days. The limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD), and limit of quantitation (LoQ) values are summarized below.

# Calibration method

<table><tr><td>U/L</td></tr><tr><td>LoBa 1</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>LoDb 3 LoQc 4</td></tr></table>

a The LoB represents the 95th percentile from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of zero-analyte samples. b The LoD represents the lowest concentration at which the analyte can be detected with $9 5 \%$ probability based on $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples. c The LoQ is defined as the lowest concentration at which a maximum allowable precision of $2 0 \% C \mathrm { V }$ was met and was determined from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples.

# Calibration Factor method

<table><tr><td>U/L</td></tr><tr><td>LoBa</td></tr><tr><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>3 4</td></tr></table>

a The LoB represents the 95th percentile from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of zero-analyte samples. b The LoD represents the lowest concentration at which the analyte can be detected with $9 5 \%$ probability based on $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples. c The LoQ is defined as the lowest concentration at which a maximum allowable precision of $2 0 \% C \mathrm { V }$ was met and was determined from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples.

# E. Linearity

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP06, 2nd ed. ∗ This assay is linear across the analytical measuring interval of 4 to $4 5 2 2 \mathrm { U } / \mathrm { L }$ for both the calibration and calibration factor methods.

# F. Potentially Interfering Endogenous and Exogenous Substances

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed.\* Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $7 0 \ \mathrm { U / L }$ and $2 0 0 \mathrm { U / L }$ ).

Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td colspan="2">No Significant Interference (Interference within ± 10%)</td></tr><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin - conjugated</td><td>15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin - unconjugated</td><td>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin</td><td>250 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Total protein</td><td>15 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Triglycerides</td><td>1500 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Interference beyond $\pm 1 0 \%$ (based on $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals [CI]) was observed at the concentration shown below for the following substance.   

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Interference beyond ± 10% (based on 95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td>Interferent Level</td><td>Analyte Level</td><td>% Interference (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin - conjugated</td><td>40 mg/dL</td><td>70 U/L</td><td>28% (27%, 29%)</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin - conjugated</td><td>40 mg/dL</td><td>200 U/L</td><td>11% (10%, 11%)</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin - unconjugated</td><td>40 mg/dL</td><td>70 U/L</td><td>21%</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin - unconjugated</td><td>60 mg/dL</td><td>200 U/L</td><td>(20%, 22%) 10%</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin</td><td>1000 mg/dL</td><td>70 U/L</td><td>(10%, 11%) -33%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(-34%, -31%) -13%</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin</td><td>1000 mg/dL</td><td>200 U/L</td><td>(-14%, -13%)</td></tr></table>

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td colspan="2">No Significant Interference (Interference within ± 10%)</td></tr><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td>Acetaminophen</td><td>160 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylcysteine</td><td>150 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td>30 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Ampicillin-Na</td><td>80 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Ascorbic acid</td><td>60 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Biotin</td><td>4250 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Ca-dobesilate</td><td>60 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Cefotaxime</td><td>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Cefoxitin</td><td>6600 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Cyclosporine</td><td>2 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Desacetylcefotaxime</td><td>6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Doxycycline</td><td>20 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Ibuprofen</td><td>220 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Levodopa</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Magnesium sulfate</td><td>8 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Methyldopa</td><td>50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Metronidazole</td><td>25 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>130 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Phenylbutazone</td><td>330 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Rifampicin</td><td>50 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium heparin</td><td>4 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Theophylline (1,3-dimethylxanthine)</td><td>60 mg/L</td></tr></table>

# G. Method Comparison

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP09-A3\* using the Passing-Bablok regression method.

Calibration method

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Alkaline Phosphatase2 vs Alkaline Phosphatase on the ARCHITECT c8000 System</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Units</td><td>Correlation Coefficient</td><td></td><td>Slope</td><td>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Serum</td><td>n 145</td><td>U/L</td><td>1.00</td><td>Intercept -1</td><td>Rangea 1.07b 8 - 4534</td></tr></table>

a Alkaline Phosphatase (7D55) comparator range. b Slope relative to non-IFCC traceable Alkaline Phosphatase.

Calibration Factor method   

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Alkaline Phosphatase2 vs Alkaline Phosphatase on the ARCHITECT c8000 System</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Correlation</td><td></td><td></td><td>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>n</td><td>Units</td><td>Coefficient</td><td>Intercept</td><td>Slope</td><td>Rangea</td></tr><tr><td>Serum</td><td>143</td><td>U/L 1.00</td><td>-2</td><td>1.08b</td><td>8 - 4042</td></tr></table>

a Alkaline Phosphatase (7D55) comparator range. b Slope relative to non-IFCC traceable Alkaline Phosphatase.

# H. Tube Type

A study was performed to evaluate the suitability of specific blood collection tube types for use with the Alkaline Phosphatase2 assay. Samples were collected from a minimum of 40 donors and evaluated across tube types. The following blood collection tube types were determined to be acceptable for use with the Alkaline Phosphatase2 assay:

# Serum

Serum tubes • Serum separator tubes

# Plasma

Lithium heparin tubes • Lithium heparin separator tubes • Sodium heparin tubes

# IX. Summary of Clinical Performance

This section does not apply.

# X. Conclusion Drawn from Nonclinical Laboratory Studies

The similarities and differences between the subject device and predicate device are presented in Section 5-VII. The results presented in this 510(k) demonstrate that the subject device Alkaline Phosphatase2 is as safe and effective as the predicate. Any differences between the subject device and the predicate device shown in the tables do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

There is no known potential adverse effect to the operator when using this in vitro device according to the Alkaline Phosphatase2 reagent package insert instructions.