June 28, 2023

Mio Labs Inc.   
Mark Qian   
Senior RA Engineer   
#1023, ZGC Innovation Center, 4500 Great America Pkwy Santa Clara, CA 95054

Re: K223722 Trade/Device Name: MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW Dated: May 30, 2023 Received: June 2, 2023

Dear Mark Qian:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k223722

Device Name MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the MIO Blood Glucose Meter and the MIO Blood Glucose Test Strips. MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to quantitatively measure the glucose concentration in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. It is intended for use by persons with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. It is not intended for neonatal use or for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes. This system is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use), and should only be used by a single person and should not be shared.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Section E: 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

The Assigned 510(k) number is k223722.

# Submitter’s Identification:

Mio Labs Inc.   
#1023, ZGC Innovation Center, 4500 Great America Pkwy, Santa Clara, CA 95054 Tel: 301-910-0529

Date Updated: May 25, 2023

# Contact Person:

Mark Qian   
Senior RA Engineer   
Mio Labs Inc.   
#1023, ZGC Innovation Center, 4500 Great America Pkwy, Santa Clara, CA 95054

# Proprietary Name of the Device:

MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Common Name: Glucose Test System

# Classification Name:

Class II $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ Glucose Test System Product Code: NBW

# Predicate Device:

VivaChek Ino Smart Blood Glucose Monitoring System VivaChek Laboratories, Inc.   
510(k) Number: k173140

# Device Name:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeterModel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CommonName</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MIO Blood GlucoseMonitoring System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TeleBGM2282-G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System, Test, BloodGlucose, Over The Counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseTest System</td></tr></table>

# Description:

MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System is designed to quantitatively measure the glucose concentration in fresh capillary whole blood. The glucose measurement is achieved by using the amperometric detection method. The test is based on measurement of electrical current caused by the reaction of the glucose with the reagents on the electrode of the test strip. The blood sample is pulled into the tip of the test strip through capillary action. Glucose in the sample reacts with glucose oxidase and the mediator. Electrons are generated, producing a current that is positive correlation to the glucose concentration in the sample. After the reaction time, the glucose concentration in the sample is displayed.

MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System contains 4G module, the device complies with US federal guidelines, FCC Part 15 Subpart B, FCC Part 2, FCC Part 24 Subpart E, FCC Part 27 Subpart C, and FCC 47 CFR§ 2.1093 based on the test reports.

# Intended Use:

MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System is comprised of the MIO Blood Glucose Meter and the MIO Blood Glucose Test Strips. MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to quantitatively measure the glucose concentration in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. It is intended for use by persons with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. It is not intended for neonatal use or for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes. This system is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use), and should only be used by a single person and should not be shared.

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

The MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to VivaChek Ino Smart Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k173140)

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:VivaChek Ino SmartBlood Glucose Monitoring System(k173140)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate:    Blood    GlucoseMonitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Similarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">It is intended to quantitativelymeasure the glucose concentration infresh capillary whole blood samplesdrawn from the fingertips. It isintended for use by persons withdiabetes at home as an aid to monitorthe effectiveness of diabetes control.It is not intended for neonatal use orfor the diagnosis of or screening fordiabetes. It is intended for self-testingoutside the body (in vitro diagnosticuse), and should only be used by asingle person and should not beshared.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operation Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemical biosensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip ChemicalComposition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose oxidase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh capillary whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 records</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unit of Measure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating RelativeHumidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-90% (non-condensing)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41-113°F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-70%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic Shutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 minutes after last action</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rechargeable 3.7 Volt Lithium lonbattery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rechargeable, non-serviceable,250mAh, 3.7 Volt DC nominal, lithiumpolymer battery (5V input chargevoltage)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rechargeable, 800 mAh, 3.7 Volt DCnominal, ithium polymer battery (5Vinput charge voltage)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83 mm x 52 mm x 18.7 mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.5 mm x 59.1 mm x 20.5 mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display Size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32mm x 32 mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47 mm x 37.5 mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 53g</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 70g</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Transmission</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bluetooth</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4G</td></tr></table>

# Laboratory Testing:

The performance characteristics of the MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System were evaluated by performing the following studies:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test/Validation Item</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-Run Precision Evaluation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intermediate Precision Evaluation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity Evaluation Study</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Evaluation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Evaluation - Accuracy at Extreme Glucose Values</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference Agents Study</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Effect Study</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxygen Interference Study</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flex Studies- Mechanical Vibration Testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flex Studies- Shock Testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flex Studies- Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) Testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flex Studies- Electrostatic Discharge/ElectromagneticInterference Testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accelerated Closed Vial Stability Study _Strip</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accelerated Open Vial Stability Study _Strip</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accelerated Closed Vial Stability Study _Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accelerated Open Vial Stability Study _Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Perturbation Study</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real Time Closed Vial Stability Study _Strip</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real Time Open Vial Stability Study _Strip</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real Time Closed Vial Stability Study _Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real Time Open Vial Stability Study _Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Conditions Evaluation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Altitude Effect Evaluation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error Codes Evaluation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Short Sample Detection Study</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intermittent Sampling Study</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Range Assignment</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip Lot Release Criteria</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Battery Study</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shipping Study (Strip)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shipping Study (Control)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Firmware (Software) Validations</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrical Safety Test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environmental Temperature Test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing with Used Test Strips</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FCC Tests</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cybersecurity Control DFMEA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Cybersecurity Management Plan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Web App Software Validation</td></tr></table>

To confirm the 4G module has not brought any unexpected functional failure or adverse effect, DFMEA, cybersecurity control and software validation were conducted and summarized in above table.

# Discussion of Laboratory Studies:

Above laboratory studies were performed on MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System in accordance with the applicable guidance or standards, and the test results indicated that the acceptance criteria were met. Therefore, the performances from these laboratory studies were acceptable.

# Discussion of Clinical Study:

Clinical study (user evaluation) was conducted with intended users using the MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System. Study results indicated that non-professional, inexperienced lay persons were able to obtain blood glucose readings when using the MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System. In addition, the participated lay persons were questioned and responded as satisfied with the ease of operation by following the User Manual and the overall performance of the MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

# Conclusion:

The laboratory studies and user evaluation study results demonstrate that the MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System is safe, effective and easy-to-use. It also demonstrates that the MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System meets FDA Guidance SMBG for OTC Use.

Based on the same intended use and work principle, and the same technological characteristics listed in the section Comparison to Predicate Device - Similarities, meanwhile the different technological characteristics listed in the section Comparison to Predicate Device do not raise safety and effectiveness questions according to the completed performance validation reports, therefore the candidate device MIO Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device VivaChek Ino Smart Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k173140).