October 27, 2023

Abbott Point of Care, Inc.   
Brian Ma, Ph.D.   
Principal Specialist, Regulatory Affairs 400 College Road East   
Princeton, New Jersey 08540

Re: K230300 Trade/Device Name: i-STAT $\mathrm { C G 8 + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1145 Regulation Name: Calcium Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JFP, JPI Dated: September 28, 2023 Received: September 29, 2023

Dear Brian Ma:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological HealthEnclosure

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Submission Number (if known)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K230300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Device Name</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>i-STAT CG8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System</td></tr></table>

The i-STAT $\mathtt { C G 8 + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is intended for use in the in vitro quantification of ionized calcium and hematocrit in arterial or venous whole blood in point of care or clinical laboratory settings.

The i-STAT $\subset \mathsf { G 8 + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is intended for use in the in vitro quantification of hematocrit in capillary whole blood in point of care or clinical laboratory settings.

lonized calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of conditions including, but not limited to, parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease, tetany, and disturbances related to surgical and intensive care.

Hematocrit measurements can aid in the determination and monitoring of normal or abnormal total red cell volume status that can be associated with conditions including anemia, erythrocytosis, and blood loss related to trauma and surgery.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*00 NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

'i!\n agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

The information in this 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

# I. SUBMITTER INFORMATION

Owner

Abbott Point of Care Inc. 400 College Road East Princeton, NJ 08540

Contact

Primary: Brian Ma, PhD Principal Specialist Regulatory Affairs Phone: $^ { + 1 }$ 613-688-5949

Secondary: Mojgan Soleimani Associate Director Regulatory Affairs Phone: $^ { + 1 }$ 613-295-0932

Date Prepared

October 27, 2023

# II. DEVICE INFORMATION

Proprietary Name i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System

Common Name Chemistry test, hematology test, analyzer, handheld

510(k) Number K230300

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device ClassificationName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, IonSpecific, Calcium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JPI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device, Hematocrit,Measuring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.6400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology</td></tr></table>

# III. PREDICATE DEVICE

Proprietary Name i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System 510(k) Number K191360

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device ClassificationName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion Specific,Calcium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The $i { - } S T A T C G \delta { + }$ cartridge is used with the i-STAT 1 analyzer as part of the i-STAT 1 System and contains test reagents to measure hematocrit (Hct) in arterial, venous or capillary whole blood and to measure ionized calcium (iCa) in arterial and venous whole blood.

The i-STAT 1 System is an in vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical device intended for the quantitative determination of various clinical chemistry tests contained within i-STAT cartridges using whole blood. The i-STAT 1 System consists of a portable blood analyzer $i$ -STAT 1 analyzer), single-use disposable test cartridges (i-STAT cartridges), liquid quality control and calibration verification materials, and accessories (i-STAT 1 Downloader/Recharger, i-STAT Electronic Simulator and i-STAT 1 Printer). The i-STAT 1 System, including the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge, is designed for use by trained medical professionals in point of care or clinical laboratory settings and is for prescription use only.

The $i { - } S T A T C G \delta { + }$ cartridge contains the required sensors, a fluid pack (calibrant pouch), a sample entry well and closure, fluid channels, waste chamber, and the necessary mechanical features for controlled fluid movement within cartridge. The i-STAT cartridge format allows all the tests in the cartridge to be performed simultaneously. All the test steps and fluid movement occur within the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge. Cartridges require two to three drops of whole blood which are applied to the cartridge using a transfer device by the trained user before the cartridge is placed within the analyzer.

The i-STAT 1 analyzer is a handheld, in vitro diagnostic analytical device designed to run only i-STAT test cartridges. The instrument interacts with the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge to move fluid across the sensors and generate a quantitative result (within approximately 2 minutes).

# V. INTENDED USE STATEMENT

The i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is intended for use in the in vitro quantification of ionized calcium and hematocrit in arterial or venous whole blood in point of care or clinical laboratory settings.

The i-STAT $\mathrm { C G 8 + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is intended for use in the in vitro quantification of hematocrit in capillary whole blood in point of care or clinical laboratory settings.

Ionized calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of conditions including, but not limited to, parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease, tetany, and disturbances related to surgical and intensive care.

Hematocrit measurements can aid in the determination and monitoring of normal or abnormal total red cell volume status that can be associated with conditions including anemia, erythrocytosis, and blood loss related to trauma and surgery.

VI. SUMMARY COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 1: Similarities and Differences (Test and Instrument): iCa and Hct in Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature orCharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Devices:iCa and Hct Tests in the:i-STAT CG8+ cartridgewith the i-STAT 1 System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate Device:iCa Test in the:i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridgewith the i-STAT 1 System(K191360)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The i-STAT CG8+ cartridge with thei-STAT 1 System is intended for use in thein vitro quantification of ionized calciumand hematocrit in arterial or venouswhole blood in point of care or clinicallaboratory settings.The i-STAT CG8+ cartridge with the i-STAT1 System is intended for use in the in vitroquantification of hematocrit in capillarywhole blood in point of care or clinicallaboratory settings.lonized calcium measurements are usedin the diagnosis, monitoring, andtreatment of conditions including, but notlimited to, parathyroid disease, a varietyof bone diseases, chronic renal disease,tetany, and disturbances related tosurgical and intensive care.Hematocrit measurements can aid in thedetermination and monitoring of normalor abnormal total red cell volume statusthat can be associated with conditionsincluding anemia, erythrocytosis, andblood loss related to trauma and surgery.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is intended for use in the invitro quantification of ionized calcium inarterial or venous whole blood in point ofcare or clinical laboratory settings.lonized calcium measurements are usedin the diagnosis and treatment ofparathyroid disease, a variety of bonediseases, chronic renal disease andtetany.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceClassification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFP (iCa)JPI (Hct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>JFP (iCa)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNo.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1145 (iCa)864.6400 (Hct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>862.1145 (iCa)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.25 - 2.50 mmol/LiCa1.0 - 10.0 mg/dL15-75 %PCVHct0.15 - 0.75 Fraction</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - 2.50 mmol/L1.0 - 10.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 1: Similarities and Differences (Test and Instrument): iCa and Hct in Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>: iCa and Hct in Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature orCharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Candidate Devices:iCa and Hct Tests in the:i-STAT CG8+ cartridgewith the i-STAT 1 System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:iCa Test in the:i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridgewith the i-STAT 1 System(K191360)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Arterial or venous wholeiCabloodArterial, venous, or capillaryHctwhole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arterial and venous whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SamplePreparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Samplecollection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>With balanced heparin anticoagulant orlithium heparin anticoagulant</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Withoutanticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Arterial or venous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>With balancedheparinanticoagulantor lithiumheparinanticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arterial orvenous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Arterial,venous, orcapillary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=4>Same</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>iCa     NIST SRM956CLSI H07-A3 procedure fordetermining packed cellHctvolume by themicrohematocrit method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST SRM956</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-point on-board contained withincartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principle ofMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>iCa: Ion-selective electrode potentiometryHct: Conductometric method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa: lon-selective electrode potentiometry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentFormat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentStorage andStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Refrigerated at 2-8°C (35-46°F) untilexpiration dateRoom Temperature at 18-30°C (64-86°F)for 2 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refrigerated at 2-8°C (35-46°F) untilexpiration dateRoom Temperature at 18-30°C (64-86°F)for 14 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handheld</td></tr></table>

# VII. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

A. Analytical Performance a. Precision/Reproducibility: i. Precision 20 days (Aqueous materials)

The precision of the i-STAT Ionized Calcium (iCa) test in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 System was evaluated using five (5) levels of aqueous material. The precision of the i-STAT Hematocrit (Hct) test in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 System was evaluated using four (4) levels of aqueous materials. This 20-day precision testing was based on CLSI document EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Third Edition. Each study was conducted using multiple analyzers and one (1) test cartridge lot over at least 20 days at one site. Repeatability, betweenrun, between-day, and within-laboratory precision were estimated for each level. The results of the 20-day precision study for the $i { - } S T A T C G \delta { + }$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 System are shown in Table 2.

Table 2: Results of 20-Day Precision of the i-STAT $\yen 68+$ Cartridge on the i-STAT 1 Analyzer   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>Table 2: Results of 20-Day Precision of the I-STAT CG8+ Cartridge on the I-STAT 1 Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FluidLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>iCa(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.517</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.282</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0085</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.763</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.260</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Hct(%PCV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td></tr></table>

# ii. Multi-site and operator-to-operator precision (Aqueous materials)

Multi-day precision testing was performed at three (3) sites using a panel of aqueous solutions containing five (5) levels of ionized calcium and a second panel of aqueous solutions containing five (5) levels of hematocrit. At each site, each level was tested once a day by two (2) operators for five (5) days on six (6) i-STAT 1 Analyzers using i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridges. Within-run, between-day, betweenoperator and within-site (total) variance components were calculated by site. These components were also calculated for all sites combined and provided in the Table 3 below.

Table 3: Multi-Day Precision of the i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge on the i-STAT 1 Analyzer   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FluidLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Site (Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>iCa(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.323</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0079</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.535</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0043</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0091</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0068</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.762</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.260</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Hct(%PCV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td></tr></table>

Whole blood precision of the i-STAT Ionized Calcium and Hematocrit tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 System was evaluated using whole blood specimens 1 collected with lithium heparin. The whole blood precision was assessed using the duplicate test results collected across multiple point of care sites. The mean values for each sample were divided into subintervals for each sample type across the reportable range for each i-STAT test. The results are summarized in Table 4.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 4: Whole Blood Precision of arterial, venous, and capillary whole blood for i-STAT CG8+cartridge on the i-STAT 1 Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>iCa(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Venous Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25-0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;0.75-1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;1.20-1.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;1.50-2.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0214</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Arterial Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25-0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;0.75-1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;1.20-1.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.282</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;1.50-2.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.797</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>Hct(%PCV)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Venous Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;35-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Arterial Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;35-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Capillary Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;35-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78</td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range:

# i. Linearity

The study was designed based on CLSI EP06-Ed2: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures – Second Edition.

The linearity of the i-STAT Ionized Calcium and Hematocrit tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System was evaluated by preparing whole blood samples of varying analyte levels for each i-STAT test. The i-STAT Ionized Calcium and Hematocrit tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge demonstrated linearity over the reportable range for each i-STAT test. Regression summary of the response for each i-STAT test versus the concentration of the whole blood samples of varying analyte levels is provided in Table 5.

<table><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Table 5: Regression Summary for the i-STAT iCa and Hct tests in the i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge onthe i-STAT 1 Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reportable Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$R^{2}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25-2.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.204- 2.832</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9981</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reportable Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$R^{</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%PCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15-75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.7- 78.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.031</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.592</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9992</td></tr></table>

# c. Detection Limit

# i. Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)

The study was based on the CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition.

The LoQ of the i-STAT Ionized Calcium and Hematocrit tests in the $i { - } S T A T C G \delta { + }$ cartridge was evaluated on the i-STAT 1 analyzer using two (2) i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge lots, and whole blood that was altered to a low analyte level for each i-STAT test. The LoQ for the i-STAT Ionized Calcium and Hematocrit tests in the $i { - } S T A T C G \delta { + }$ cartridge was determined to be at or below the lower limit of the reportable range for each of the i-STAT tests as shown in Table 6.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 6: Summary of LoQ Results for i-STAT Tests in the i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test (units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower limit of thereportable range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Determined LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct (%PCV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr></table>

# ii. Limit of Blank and Detection (LoB/LoD)

The study was based on CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition.

The LoB and LoD of the i-STAT Ionized Calcium (iCa) and Hematocrit (Hct) tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge were evaluated on the i-STAT 1 analyzer using two (2) i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge lots for each test. Whole blood was altered to blank ionized calcium and hematocrit levels for LoB testing. Whole blood was altered to two (2) low levels of ionized calcium and four (4) low levels of hematocrit for LoD testing.

The LoB and LoD were determined based on the maximal LoB or LoD value obtained for each lot tested.

The determined LoB and LoD for i-STAT Ionized Calcium and Hematocrit tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 analyzer are shown in the Table 7.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 7: Summary of LoB and LoD Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct (%PCV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr></table>

# d. Analytical Specificity

# i. Interference

The study was based on CLSI EP07-ED3: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, Third Edition.

The interference performance of the i-STAT Ionized Calcium and Hematocrit tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 analyzer with the i-STAT 1 System was evaluated using whole blood samples based on CLSI EP07-ED3: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, Third Edition. The effect of each substance was evaluated by comparing the performance of a control sample, spiked with blank solvent solution, with the test results from a test sample spiked with the potentially interfering substance at the toxic/pathological concentration based on CLSI EP37- ED1: Supplemental Tables for Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, First Edition, as applicable. A substance was identified as an interferent if the difference between the control and test samples was outside of the allowable error $\mathrm { ( \pm E a ) }$ for the i-STAT test. For an identified interferent, a dose-response was performed to determine the degree of interference as a function of the substance concentration.

Table 8 contains the list of potentially interfering substances tested and the interference results for the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge.

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Table 8: Potentially Interfering Substances and Test Concentrations for the i-STAT tests in thei-STAT CG8+ Cartridge</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Substance ²</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">i-STATTest</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Interference(Yes/No)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Comments</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L(unlessspecified)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL(unlessspecified)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetyl Cysteine(N-Acetyl-L-Cysteine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid(L-Ascorbic Acid)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.298</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Hydroxybutyric Acid³3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.684</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Bromide 3(Lithium Bromide)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">21.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">37.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">325.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Use AnotherMethod</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">425</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 g/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Intralipid 20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3447</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2325</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">lodide (Sodium lodide)3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44.82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactate(Lithium Lactate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Decreased results≥ 6 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leflunomide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Decreased results≥ 0.345 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnesium(Magnesium Chloride)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Increased results ≥3.5 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Nithiodote(Sodium Thiosulfate)3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">16.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">264.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Decreased results≥ 5.3 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium (Potassium)Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylate(Lithium Salicylate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium(Sodium Chloride)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">993.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Substance 2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">i-STATTest</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Interference(Yes/No)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Comments</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L(unlessspecified)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL(unlessspecified)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Teriflunomide 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Decreased results≥ 0.049 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiocyanate (LithiumThiocyanate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.898</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Decreased results≥ 0.898 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Protein (HumanSerum Albumin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150 g/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Increased results ≥9.5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Triglyceride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">16.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">White Blood Cells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000WBC/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

# B. Comparison Studies

# a. Method Comparison with Comparator Device

Method comparison for the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System was demonstrated in studies based on CLSI EP09c-ED3: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples – Third Edition.

Lithium heparin venous and arterial whole blood specimens collected across multiple point of care sites were evaluated using i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridges on the i-STAT 1 analyzer against whole blood specimens tested on a comparative method. For ionized calcium and hematocrit, the first replicate result from the i-STAT 1 analyzer was compared to the mean result from the comparative method.

Two (2) capillary whole blood specimens collected from skin puncture with balanced heparin capillary tubes from each study subject across multiple point of care sites were evaluated and analyzed in singlicate on the i‑STAT 1 analyzer against the comparative method. A Passing-Bablok linear regression analysis for hematocrit was performed using the singlicate result from the i-STAT 1 analyzer versus the singlicate result of the comparative method.

The venous and arterial data were pooled, and a Passing-Bablok linear regression analysis was performed using the i-STAT Ionized Calcium results from the $i { - } S T A T C G 8 { + }$ cartridges on the i-STAT 1 analyzer versus the comparative method results. Method comparison results comparing the i-STAT Ionized Calcium performance on the i-STAT 1 analyzer to comparative method for arterial and venous are shown in Table 9. In the table, N is the number of specimens in the data set, and r is the correlation coefficient.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Table 9: Method Comparison Results for the i-STAT iCa test in the i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge withi-STAT 1 System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparativeMethod</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MedicalDecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bias at MedicalDecision Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arterial/Venous</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>iCa(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>i-STAT CHEM8+</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>343</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>-0.02</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td></tr></table>

The venous, arterial, and capillary whole blood data were pooled, and a Passing-Bablok linear regression analysis was performed using the i-STAT Hematocrit results from the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridges on the $i { - } S T A T { 1 }$ analyzer versus the comparative method results.

Method comparison results comparing the i-STAT Hematocrit performance on the i-STAT 1 analyzer to the comparative method for arterial venous, and capillary whole blood specimens are shown in Table 10. In the table, N is the number of specimens in the data set, and r is the correlation coefficient.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Table 10: Method Comparison Results for the i-STAT Hct test in the i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge withi-STAT 1 System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ComparativeMethod</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MedicalDecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bias at MedicalDecision Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arterial/Venous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Hct(%PCV)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>i-STATCHEM8+</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>EpocBloodAnalysisSystem</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>535</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>-1.00</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0</td></tr></table>

The method comparison results for capillary whole blood specimens only for the i-STAT Hematocrit test are shown in Table 11.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 11: Results for i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge with i-STAT 1 System - Native and Contrived CapillarySpecimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct(%PCV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-73</td></tr></table>

Bias at the medical decision levels for native capillary whole blood specimens only for the i-STAT Hematocrit test are shown in Table 12.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 12: Results for i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge with i-STAT 1 System - Native Capillary SpecimensBias at Medical Decision Levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RangeMin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RangeMax</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MedicalDecision Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bias</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Hct(%PCV)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>193</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-1.0, 0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-1.0, 0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-1.0, 0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-1.0, 0.0)</td></tr></table>

# b. Matrix Equivalence

A matrix equivalence study was conducted to evaluate the performance of the i-STAT Ionized Calcium and Hematocrit tests in the $i { - } S T A T C G 8 { + }$ cartridge on the $i { - } S T A T { \cal { 1 } }$ System using non-anticoagulated venous and arterial whole blood specimens. The study design and analysis method were based on recommendations from the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) guideline EP35: Assessment of Equivalence or Suitability of Specimen Types for Medical Laboratory Measurement Procedures, 1st ed. The matrix equivalence of each test in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge was assessed by comparing arterial or venous whole blood specimens collected without

anticoagulant (candidate specimen type) to samples collected with balanced heparin or lithium heparin anticoagulant (primary specimen type). Each specimen was tested in duplicate using two (2) i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridges with two (2) i-STAT 1 analyzers. A Passing-Bablok linear regression analysis was performed using the first replicate result from the candidate (y-axis) versus the mean result from the primary specimen (x-axis). The regression analysis results are summarized in Table 13. In the table, N is the number of specimens in the data set, and r is the correlation coefficient.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 13: Matrix Equivalence Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test (units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateSpecimen Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary SpecimenRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCa (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44-2.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45-2.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct (%PCV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>293</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr></table>

# VIII. CONCLUSION

The results of these studies demonstrate that performance of the i-STAT Ionized Calcium and Hematocrit tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.