December 4, 2023

Stephanie Garth Principal of Regulatory Affairs 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, Minnesota 55318

Re: K230648 Trade/Device Name: Access hsTnI Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1215 Regulation Name: Creatine phosphokinase/creatine kinase or isoenzymes test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MMI Dated: October 31, 2023 Received: October 31, 2023

Dear Stephanie Garth:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Division Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K230648

Indications for Use (Describe)

Access hsTnI is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of cardiac troponin I (cTnI) levels in human serum and plasma using the Access 2 Immunoassay Systems to aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction (MI).

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is K230648

Submitter Name and Address: Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318

Contact Person: Stephanie Garth, Principal of Regulatory Affairs Phone: (469) 858 -1408 Email: sgarth01@beckman.com

Alternate Contact: Kuljeet Kaur, RA, Senior Manager Phone: (952) 465 -1914 Email: kkaur@beckman.com

Date Prepared: March 8, 2023

# Device Name:

Proprietary / Trade Name: Access hsTnI Common Name: Troponin I Enzyme Immunoassay Classification Name: Immunoassay, Troponin Subunits Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 862.1215 Classification Product Code: MMI

# Predicate Devices:

Beckman Coulter, Inc. believes that the Access hsTnI run on the legacy Access 2 Immunoassay System (K172787 - Predicate) is substantially equivalent to the improved Access hsTnI with a software upgrade to assist with washing efficiency. The following table provides a comparison of the technological characteristics of the predicate Access hsTnI on the Access 2 with and without the modifications.

# Device Description:

The Access hsTnI is a two–site immunoenzymatic (“sandwich”) assay. Monoclonal anti–cTnI antibody conjugated to alkaline phosphatase is added to a reaction vessel along with a surfactant–containing buffer and sample. After a short incubation, paramagnetic particles coated with monoclonal anti–cTnI antibody are added. The human cTnI binds to the anti–cTnI antibody on the solid phase, while the anti–cTnI antibody–alkaline phosphatase conjugate reacts with different antigenic sites on the cTnI molecules. After incubation, materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field while unbound materials are washed away. Then, the chemiluminescent substrate is added to the vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured with a luminometer. The light production is directly proportional to the concentration of analyte in the sample. Analyte concentration is automatically determined from a stored calibration.

# Intended Use:

Access hsTnI is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of cardiac troponin I (cTnI) levels in human serum and plasma using the Access 2 Immunoassay Systems to aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction (MI).

# Substantial Equivalence Comparison:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access hsTnlK172787 - Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access hsTnlCandidate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access hsTnl is a paramagneticparticle, chemiluminescentimmunoassay for the quantitativedetermination of cardiac troponin I(cTnl) levels in human serum andplasma using the Access 2Immunoassay Systems to aid in thediagnosis of myocardial infarction(MI).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sandwich</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated immunoassay instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and lithium heparin plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55μl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 10% within-laboratory CV forconcentrations ≥ 11.5 pg/mL≤ 1.15 pg/mL within laboratory SD forconcentrations &lt; 11.5 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyticalMeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 pg/mL to 27,027 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access hsTnlK172787 - Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access hsTnlCandidate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExpectedResults (UpperReference Limit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99th percentile of 17.5 pg/mL with a95% Confidence Interval (Cl) of 12.6- 20.7 pg/mL for lithium heparinplasma and 18.2 pg/mL with a 95%Confidence Interval (Cl) of 13.1-23.1pg/mL for serum.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrimaryReagentMaterials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal anti-human cTnlantibody; detection is Sheepmonoclonal anti-human cTnl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open ReagentPack Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stable at 2 to 10°C for 64 days afteropening</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Packconfiguration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents ready to use andseparated in a single reagent pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access 2 AssayProtocolFile (APF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access hsTnl APF with no thermalalgorithm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In current system softwarearchitecture, RV mix could onlyhappen at the end of the 4th cycle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed system softwarearchitecture, RV mix canbe utilized in any of thecycles</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay ProtocolFile (APF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access 21 probe wash after probes' finalcontact with reaction solutions andRV mix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access 23 probe washes and 1NAOH exposure afterreagent probe's finalcontact with reactionsolutions and RV mix</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilutionfactor/recoveryExtendedrecovery range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilution Factor of 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:5 dilution factor andnew limitationstatement related tocarryover</td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

CLSI EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline – Third Edition   
CLSI EP06-2nd Edition-: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline   
CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition   
CLSI EP09c: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples– Third Edition

Method comparison: N i n e t y t w o (92) samples (41 Lithium Heparin Plasma and 51 Serum) were analyzed across 2 Access 2 instruments, Each sample was measured using the IVD Access hsTnI (Current Assay Protocol File (APF)) as well as the proposed Access hsTnI (Proposed APF). The first replicate result from each sample was utilized to fit a Passing-Bablok linear regression model. The results of the method comparison study met the acceptance criteria of slope $1 . 0 0 \pm 0 . 1 0$ and supports the equivalence of the Access hsTnI on Access 2 for both lithium heparin plasma and serum samples. The bias data support the reference intervals defined on the instruments have not changed appreciably from the commercialized product.

Imprecision: For Access 2 instrument the within-laboratory (total) $\%$ CV ranged from $3 \%$ to $4 \%$ , for Access hsTnI concentrations $\ge ~ 1 1 . 5 ~ \mathsf { p g / m L }$ . The withinlaboratory (total) SD was $0 . 5 2 \ : \mathsf { p g / m L }$ for Access hsTnI concentration $< 1 1 . 5 \mathsf { p g / m L }$ .

Linearity: This study shows that the analysis of the data finds that across both platforms, and for each sample concentration range, the higher order (2nd or 3rd) term of the polynomial fit is non-significant $( \mathsf { p } > 0 . 0 5 )$ , and if significant, the fit of the polynomial regression demonstrating significance have $\leq 1 0 \%$ bias across the analytical measuring range.

LoB/LoD: The data demonstrated the LoB estimate of the Access hsTnI is 0.6 and the LoD estimate is 1.0 (serum) and 0.6 (plasma).

LoQ: The LoQ for Access hsTnI at $\leq 2 0 \%$ with-in lab CV was determined to be 0.8 pg/mL (serum) and 0.7 (plasma).

Carryover and new dilution factors: Access 2 demonstrated $\geq 9 5 \%$ of maximum individual replicate carryover events $< 3 . 5 \ p g / \mathrm { m L }$ when testing a low sample (≤ 10 pg/mL) following a high sample $( \sim 1 5 0 , 0 0 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m L } )$ .

# Substantial Equivalence Comparison Conclusion

Beckman Coulter’s Access hsTnI on the Access 2 Immunoassay System is substantially equivalent to Access hsTnI on the predicate as demonstrated through the information and data provided in this submission. The performance testing presented in this submission provides evidence that the device is safe and effective in its intended use.