# September 28, 2023

Becton Dickinson Infusion Therapy Systems, Inc. Amy Moore   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
9450 S State St   
Sandy, Utah 84070

Re: K230865 Trade/Device Name: PIVO™ Pro Needle-free Blood Collection Device Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA Dated: August 25, 2023 Received: August 28, 2023

Dear Amy Moore:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).   
Porsche Bennett   
For David Wolloscheck, Ph.D.   
Assistant Director   
DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and General Hospital Devices, and Human Factors   
OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn, General Hospital and Urology Devices   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K230865

Device Name PIVO™ Pro Needle-free Blood Collection Device

Indications for Use (Describe)

The PIVO™ Pro Needle-free Blood Collection Device attaches to a peripheral IV catheter system for use to obtain venous blood specimens into a vacuum tube or syringe from adult and pediatric patients, including those with difficult intravenous access who may have small, fragile, and/or non-palpable veins.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# K230865 510(k) Summary (21 CFR §807.92) PIVO™ Pro Needle-free Blood Collection Device

<table><tr><td>Submitter Information</td><td>Submitter Name: Submitter Address: Contact Person: Email Address: Phone Number:</td><td>Becton Dickinson Infusion Therapy Systems Inc. 9450 South State Street, Sandy, Utah 84070 Amy Moore, Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist amy.moore@bd.com (801) 522-5000 September 28, 2023</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Trade Name: Common Name: 510(k) Reference: Regulation Number: Regulation Name: Regulatory Class: Product Code:</td><td>PIVOTM Pro Needle-free Blood Collection Device Blood Collection Device K230865 21 CFR §862.1675 Blood Specimen Collection Device II JKA General Hospital</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>Trade Name: Common Name: 510(k) Reference: Regulation Number: Regulation Name: Regulatory Class: Product Code:</td><td>PIVOTM Needle-free Blood Collection Device Blood Collection Device K193569 21 CFR 862.1675 Blood Specimen Collection Device I JKA</td></tr><tr><td>Reason for Submission</td><td colspan="2">The purpose of this submission is to notify the FDA of the introduction of PIVOTM Pro Needle-free Blood Collection Device, allowing for compatibility with a peripheral IV catheter with NearPortTM IV Access and addition of a patient population statement to</td></tr><tr><td>Device Description</td><td colspan="2">The PIVOTM Pro Needle-free Blood Collection Device is a sterile, single use needle- free collection device that attaches to a peripheral intravascular catheter (IV) system. The device is comprised of an inner flow tube with a slider, proximal flexible tube</td></tr></table>

bd.com

with female Luer, outer housing, and winged clip on the distal end. The winged clip attaches to the IV system. The female Luer attaches to an evacuated tube holder or syringe. The inner flow tube is then advanced to collect a blood sample. Once complete, the inner flow tube is retracted, and the device is removed from the IV.

The device is available in three sizes: 20GA, 22GA, and 24GA IV compatible. The device is compatible with the corresponding IV gauge and larger IV catheters. The PIVO™ Pro Needle-free Blood Collection Device is compatible with peripheral IV catheters and extension sets with NearPort™ IV Access.

# Indications for Use (21 CFR § 807.92(a)(5))

The PIVO™ Pro Needle-free Blood Collection Device attaches to a peripheral IV catheter system for use to obtain venous blood specimens into a vacuum tube or syringe from adult and pediatric patients, including those with difficult intravenous access who may have small, fragile, and/or non-palpable veins.

# Technological Characteristics

Technological characteristics of the subject device are substantially equivalent to the predicate device. The subject PIVO™ Pro Needle-free Blood Collection Device achieves its intended use based on the same technology and principles of operation as the predicate device.

A comparison of the subject and predicate device technological characteristics is provided in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SUBJECT (K230865)PIVOTM Pro Needle-freeBlood Collection Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREDICATE (K193569)PIVOTM Needle-free BloodCollection Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison &amp; Discussion</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1675Class IIJKA  Blood SpecimenCollection Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1675Class IIJKA - Blood SpecimenCollection Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The PIVOTM Pro Needle-freeBlood Collection Deviceattaches to a peripheral IVcatheter system for use toobtain venous bloodspecimens into a vacuum tubeor syringe from adult andpediatric patients, includingthose with difficultintravenous access who mayhave small, fragile, and/ornon-palpable veins.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The PIVOTM device isattached to a peripheral IVcatheter for use as a directblood draw device into avacuum tube or a syringe.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minor grammatical wordingchanges with no change tomeaning.Addition of a patientpopulation statement, withspecific reference to pediatricpatients and patients withDIVA (difficult intravenousaccess) which are subsets of&#x27;General Use&#x27; and do notintroduce new risks notnormally associated with thegeneral use of the subjectdevice. Therefore,modifications, do not raise</td></tr></table>

# bd.com

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SUBJECT (K230865)PIVOTM Pro Needle-freeBlood Collection Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREDICATE (K193569)PIVOTM Needle-free BloodCollection Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison &amp; Discussion</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>new or different questions ofsafety or effectiveness.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venous blood draw</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venous blood draw</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PatientInterface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separately placedcommercially availableperipheral IV catheter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separately placedcommercially availableperipheral IV catheter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV Attachment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clip-to-Connect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clip-to-Connect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood CollectionAttachment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female Luer to BloodTransfer Device or Syringe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female Luer to BloodTransfer Device or Syringe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood ControlMechanism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cap on female luer and clampon flexible tubing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cap on female luer and clampon flexible tubing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tubing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TransparentFlexible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TransparentFlexible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Primary Components Material Composition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO 10993-1BiocompatibilityContact Typeand Duration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Body Contact: Externallycommunicating deviceContact: Circulating bloodContact Duration: Limited (A)(&lt;24 hrs)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Body Contact: Externallycommunicating deviceContact: Circulating bloodContact Duration: Limited (A)(&lt;24 hrs)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Housing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polycarbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polycarbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inner FlowTube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyimide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyimide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProximalTubing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vestamid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vestamid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nylon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nylon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slider (Pusher)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nylon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nylon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Winged Clip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polycarbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polycarbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clamp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nylon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDPE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PinkBlueYellow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PinkBlueYellow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible PIVSizes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The device is available inthree sizes: 20 GA, 22 GA,and 24 GA IV compatible.The device is compatible withthe corresponding IV gaugeand larger IV catheters.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 GA - 24 GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clarification only. Both thepredicate and subject devicesare available in three sizes:20GA, 22GA and 24 GA IVcompatible, as indicated onthe product label. The subjectand predicate devices arecompatible with the</td></tr></table>

# bd.com

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SUBJECT (K230865)PIVOTM Pro Needle-freeBlood Collection Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREDICATE (K193569)PIVOTM Needle-free BloodCollection Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison &amp; Discussion</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>corresponding IV gauge andlarger IV catheters. Forexample, a 20GA IVcompatible subject orpredicate device can be usedwith a 20GA or larger IVcatheter (e.g., 18GA).The clarification does notchange the use of the deviceor device specifications and,therefore, does not raise newor different questions ofsafety or effectiveness.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProximalTubing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TransparentFlexible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TransparentFlexible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inner FlowTube (DistalTubing) Length</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 GA = 155.28 mm22 GA = 155.28 mm24 GA = 132.68 mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 GA = 141.2 mm22 GA = 141.2 mm24 GA = 141.2 mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The results of designvalidation and verificationtesting demonstrate that themodifications to the subjectdevice perform as intendedand do not raise new ordifferent questions of safetyor effectiveness.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Outer Diameter(OD) of InnerFlow Tube(Distal Tubing)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 GA = 0.709 mm max22 GA = 0.543 mm max24 GA = 0.400 mm max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 GA = 0.709 mm max22 GA = 0.543 mm max24 GA = 0.400 mm max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wall Thicknessof Inner FlowTube (DistalTubing)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 GA = 0.709 mm22 GA = 0.0635 mm24 GA = 0.0575 mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 GA = 0.709 mm22 GA = 0.0635 mm24 GA = 0.0575 mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samplecollection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device attaches to female luerof PIV system, tube insertedinto PIV, blood is drawnthrough tube into a bloodtransfer device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device attaches to female luerof PIV system, tube insertedinto PIV, blood is drawnthrough tube into a bloodtransfer device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PackagingMaterial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyvek/PETORNylon/Nylon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyvek/PETORNylon/Nylon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteRetraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# bd.com

Summary of Performance Tests   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SUBJECT (K230865)PIVOTM Pro Needle-freeBlood Collection Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREDICATE (K193569)PIVOTM Needle-free BloodCollection Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison &amp; Discussion</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SterilizationMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Performance tests completed on the subject devices were limited to those tests required to support a determination of substantial equivalence to the predicate device. A risk analysis was conducted to assess the impact of the proposed modifications to the predicate device. When technological characteristics between the subject and predicate devices were found to be identical, results of performance testing conducted on the predicate devices were applied to the subject device. The performance tests listed below were conducted to ensure that the subject device meets predetermined design requirements:

1) Compliance Testing

Biocompatibility (ISO 10993-1)

Body contact: Externally communicating device Contact: Circulating blood - Contact duration: Limited (A) $( { < } 2 4 \mathrm { h r s } )$

Packaging Testing (ASTM D4169) Sterilization Validation (ISO 11137-1)

2) BD Internal Studies

• Catheter Gauge Compatibility   
• Extension Length   
• Catheter Perforation   
• Insertion   
• Alignment   
• Atraumatic Tip   
• Flow Rate   
• Hemolysis   
• Pusher Pull Force   
• Blood Leak   
• Pressure Leak   
• Vacuum Leak

3) Packaging verification testing per ISO 11607-1 Packaging for terminally sterilized medical devices. Part 1: Requirements for materials, sterile barrier systems and packaging systems

bd.com

4) Usability testing per Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff, issued February 2016

Per design control requirements specified in 21 CFR 820.30, the subject device met all predetermined acceptance criteria for the above-listed performance tests, demonstrating substantial equivalence to the predicate devices.

Clinical studies are not required to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate device.

# Summary of Substantial Equivalence

Based on the indications for use, technological characteristics, and results of performance testing, the subject PIVO™ Pro Needle-free Blood Collection Device has been demonstrated to be substantially equivalent to the predicate PIVO™ Needle-free Blood Collection Device.