October 27, 2023

Abbott Point of Care Inc.   
Brian Ma, Ph.D.   
Principal Specialist Regulatory Affairs 400 College Road East   
Princeton, New Jersey 08540

Re: K230275 Trade/Device Name: i-STAT $\mathrm { C G 8 + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1665 Regulation Name: Sodium Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JGS, CEM Dated: September 25, 2023 Received: September 26, 2023

Dear Brian Ma:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submission Number (if known)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K230275</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>i-STAT CG8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use (Describe)</td></tr></table>

The i-STAT $\mathtt { C G 8 + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is intended for use in the in vitro quantification of sodium and potassium in arterial or venous whole blood in point of care or clinical laboratory settings.

The i-STAT $\subset \mathsf { G 8 + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is intended for use in the in vitro quantification of sodium in capillary whole blood in point of care or clinical laboratory settings.

Sodium measurements are used for monitoring electrolyte imbalances.

Potassium measurements are used in the diagnosis and monitoring of diseases and clinical conditions that manifest high and low potassium levels.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# 00 NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

'i!\n agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

The information in this 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

# I. SUBMITTER INFORMATION

Owner

Abbott Point of Care Inc. 400 College Road East Princeton, NJ 08540

Contact

Primary: Brian Ma, PhD Principal Specialist Regulatory Affairs Phone: $^ { + 1 }$ 613-688-5949

Secondary: Mojgan Soleimani Associate Director Regulatory Affairs Phone: $^ { + 1 }$ 613-295-0932

Date Prepared

October 27, 2023

# II. DEVICE INFORMATION

Proprietary Name i-STAT CG8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System

Common Name Chemistry test, analyzer, handheld

510(k) Number: K230275

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device ClassificationName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, IonSpecific, Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, IonSpecific, Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# III. PREDICATE DEVICE

Proprietary Name i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System 510(k) Number K183688

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device ClassificationName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion Specific,Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode, Ion Specific,Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The $i { - } S T A T C G \delta { + }$ cartridge is used with the i-STAT 1 analyzer as part of the i-STAT 1 System and contains test reagents to measure sodium (Na) in arterial, venous or capillary whole blood and to measure potassium (K) in arterial and venous whole blood.

The i-STAT 1 System is an in vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical device intended for the quantitative determination of various clinical chemistry tests contained within i-STAT cartridges using whole blood. The i-STAT 1 System consists of a portable blood analyzer (i-STAT 1 analyzer), single-use disposable test cartridges (i-STAT cartridges), liquid quality control and calibration verification materials, and accessories (i-STAT 1 Downloader/Recharger, i-STAT Electronic Simulator and i-STAT 1 Printer). The i-STAT 1 System, including the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge, is designed for use by trained medical professionals in point of care or clinical laboratory settings and is for prescription use only.

The $i { - } S T A T C G \delta { + }$ cartridge contains the required sensors, a fluid pack (calibrant pouch), a sample entry well and closure, fluid channels, waste chamber, and the necessary mechanical features for controlled fluid movement within cartridge. The i-STAT cartridge format allows all the tests in the cartridge to be performed simultaneously. All the test steps and fluid movement occur within the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge. Cartridges require two to three drops of whole blood applied to the cartridge using a transfer device by the trained user before the cartridge is placed within the analyzer.

The i-STAT 1 analyzer is a handheld, in vitro diagnostic analytical device designed to run only i-STAT test cartridges. The instrument interacts with the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge to move fluid across the sensors and generate a quantitative result (within approximately 2 minutes).

# V. INTENDED USE STATEMENT

The $i { - } S T A T C G \delta { + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is intended for use in the in vitro quantification of sodium and potassium in arterial or venous whole blood in point of care or clinical laboratory settings.

The i-STAT $\mathrm { C G 8 + }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is intended for use in the in vitro quantification of sodium in capillary whole blood in point of care or clinical laboratory settings.

Sodium measurements are used for monitoring electrolyte imbalances.

Potassium measurements are used in the diagnosis and monitoring of diseases and clinical conditions that manifest high and low potassium levels.

# VI. SUMMARY COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 1: Similarities and Differences (Test and Instrument): Na and K in Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature orCharacteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Devices:Na and K Tests in the:i-STAT CG8+ cartridgewith the i-STAT 1 System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Na and K Tests in the:i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridgewith the i-STAT 1 System(K183688)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">i-STAT CG8+ cartridgeThe i-STAT CG8+ cartridge with thei-STAT 1 System is intended for use in thein vitro quantification of sodium andpotassium in arterial or venous wholeblood in point of care or clinical laboratorysettings.The i-STAT CG8+ cartridge with the i-STAT1 System is intended for use in the in vitroquantification of sodium in capillary wholeblood in point of care or clinical laboratorysettings.Sodium measurements are used formonitoring electrolyte imbalances.Potassium measurements are used in thediagnosis and monitoring of diseases andclinical conditions that manifest high andlow potassium levels.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridgeThe i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridge with thei-STAT 1 System is intended for use in thein vitro quantification of sodium,potassium, chloride and blood ureanitrogen in arterial or venous whole bloodin point of care or clinical laboratorysettings.Sodium measurements are used formonitoring electrolyte imbalances.Potassium measurements are used in thediagnosis and monitoring of diseases andclinical conditions that manifest high andlow potassium levels.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceClassification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JGS (Na)CEM (K)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulationNo.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1665 (Na)862.1600 (K)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ReportableRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Na 100 - 180 mmol/L (mEq/L)K  2.0 - 9.0 mmol/L (mEq/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 - 180 mmol/L (mEq/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 - 9.0 mmol/L (mEq/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Table 1: Similarities and Differences (Test and Instrument): Na and K in Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature orCharacteristic</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Candidate Devices:Na and K Tests in the:i-STAT CG8+ cartridgewith the i-STAT 1 System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Na and K Tests in the:i-STAT CHEM8+ cartridgewith the i-STAT 1 System(K183688)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Na Arterial, venous or capillarywhole bloodArterial or venous wholeKblood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arterial and venous whole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleVolume</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePreparation</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ready to Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Samplecollection</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">With balanced heparin anticoagulant orlithium heparin anticoagulant</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Withoutanticoagulant</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Arterial or venous</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">With balancedheparinanticoagulant orlithium heparinanticoagulant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arterial,venous,orcapillary</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arterialor venous</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Traceability</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="2">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Na, K    NIST SRM956</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIST SRM956</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-point on-board contained withincartridge</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofMeasurement</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na, K: lon-selective electrodepotentiometry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentFormat</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cartridge</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentStorage andStability</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Refrigerated at 2-8°C (35-46°F) untilexpiration dateRoom Temperature at 18-30°C (64-86°F)for 2 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refrigerated at 2 to 8°C (35 to 46°F) untilexpiration dateRoom Temperature at 18-30°C (64-86°F)for 14 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer Type</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Handheld</td></tr></table>

# VII. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

A. Analytical Performance

# a. Precision/Reproducibility:

i. Precision 20 days (Aqueous materials)

The precision of the i-STAT Sodium (Na) and Potassium (K) tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 System was evaluated using five (5) levels of aqueous material. This 20-day precision testing was based on CLSI document EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Third Edition. The study was conducted using multiple analyzers and one (1) test cartridge lot over 20 days at one site. Repeatability, between-run, between-day, and within-laboratory precision were estimated for each level. The results of the 20-day precision study for the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 System are shown in Table 2.

Table 2: Results of 20-Day Precision of the i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge on the i-STAT 1 Analyzer   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FluidLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>K(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td></tr></table>

# ii. Multi-site and operator-to-operator precision (Aqueous materials)

Multi-day precision testing was performed at three (3) sites using a panel of aqueous solutions containing five (5) levels of sodium and potassium. At each site, each level was tested once a day by two (2) operators for five (5) days on six (6) i-STAT 1 analyzers using i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridges. Within-run, between-day, between-operator and within-site (total) variance components were calculated by site. These components were also calculated for all sites combined and provided in the Table 3 below.

Table 3: Multi-Day Precision of the i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge on the i-STAT 1 Analyzer   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FluidLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Site (Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>K(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.044</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.044</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV L5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td></tr></table>

Whole blood precision of the i-STAT Sodium and Potassium tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 System was evaluated using whole blood specimens 1 collected with lithium heparin. The whole blood precision was assessed using the duplicate test results collected across multiple point of care sites. The results are summarized in Table 4.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 4: Whole Blood Precision of arterial, venous, and capillary whole blood for i-STAT CG8+cartridge on the i-STAT 1 Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Venous Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100-130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;130-140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;140-180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Arterial Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100-130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;130-140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;140-180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Capillary Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100-130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;130-140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;140-180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>K(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Venous Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0-3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;3.5-5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;5.0-9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Arterial Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0-3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;3.5-5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;5.0-9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range:

# i. Linearity

The study was designed based on CLSI EP06-Ed2: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures – Second Edition.

The linearity of the i-STAT Sodium and Potassium tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System was evaluated by preparing whole blood samples of varying analyte levels for each i-STAT test. The i-STAT Sodium and Potassium tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge demonstrated linearity over the reportable range for each $i .$ -STAT test. Regression summary of the response for each i-STAT test versus the concentration of the whole blood samples of varying analyte levels is provided in Table 5.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 5: Regression Summary for the i-STAT Na and K tests in the i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge onthe i-STAT 1 Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R^{}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100- 180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.3 - 209.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 - 9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.79 - 10.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9994</td></tr></table>

# c. Detection Limit

# i. Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)

The study was based on the CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition.

The LoQ of the i-STAT Sodium and Potassium tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge was evaluated on the i-STAT 1 analyzer using two (2) i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge lots and whole blood that was altered to a low analyte level for each i-STAT test. The LoQ for the i-STAT Sodium and Potassium tests in the $i { - } S T A T C G 8 { + }$ cartridge was determined to be at or below the lower limit of the reportable range for each of the i-STAT tests as shown in Table 6.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 6: Summary of LoQ Results for i-STAT Tests in the i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test (units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower limit of thereportable range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Determined LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr></table>

# d. Analytical Specificity

# i. Interference

The study was based on CLSI EP07-ED3: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, Third Edition.

The interference performance of the i-STAT Sodium and Potassium tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 analyzer with the i-STAT 1 System was evaluated using whole blood samples based on CLSI EP07-ED3: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, Third Edition. The effect of each substance was evaluated by comparing the performance of a control sample, spiked with blank solvent solution, with the test results from a test sample spiked with the potentially interfering substance at the toxic/pathological concentration based on CLSI EP37- ED1: Supplemental Tables for Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, First Edition, as applicable. A substance was identified as an interferent if the difference between the control and test samples was outside of the allowable error $\mathrm { ( \pm E a ) }$ for the i-STAT test. For an identified interferent, a dose-response was performed to determine the degree of interference as a function of the substance concentration.

Table 7 contains the list of potentially interfering substances tested and the interference results for the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge.

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Table 7: Potentially Interfering Substances and Test Concentrations for the i-STAT Sodium andPotassium tests in the i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Substance ²</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">i-STATTest</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Interference(Yes/No)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Comments</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L(unlessspecified)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL(unlessspecified)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">15.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetyl Cysteine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Table 7: Potentially Interfering Substances and Test Concentrations for the i-STAT Sodium andPotassium tests in thei-TAT CG8+ Cartrige</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Substance 2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">i-STATTest</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Interference(Yes/No)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Comments</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L(unlessspecified)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL(unlessspecified)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(N-Acetyl-L-Cysteine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.167</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Ammonium (AmmoniumChloride) 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">2.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Ascorbic Acid(L-Ascorbic Acid)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.298</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">5.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzalkonium(Benzalkonium Chloride) 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">β-Hydroxybutyric Acid 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">6.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">62.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.684</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Bromide 3(Lithium Bromide)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">21.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">37.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">325.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Use AnotherMethod</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Calcium(Calcium Chloride)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">5.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Chloride(Lithium Chloride)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">3.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">13.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">11.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">425</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Decreased results&gt; 400 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10 g/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin(Sodium Heparin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.30 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">330 U/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Intralipid 20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2395</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Lactate(Lithium Lactate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Magnesium (MagnesiumChloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">4.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Nithiodote(Sodium Thiosulfate) 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">16.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">264.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Increased results ≥2.1 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Salicylate(Lithium Salicylate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">2.86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Triglyceride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">16.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

# B. Comparison Studies

# a. Method Comparison with Comparator Device

Method comparison for the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System was demonstrated in studies based on CLSI EP09c-ED3: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples – Third Edition.

Lithium heparin venous and arterial whole blood specimens collected across multiple point of care sites were evaluated using i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridges on the i-STAT 1 analyzer against whole blood specimens tested on a comparative method. For sodium and potassium, the first replicate result from the i-STAT 1 analyzer was compared to the mean result from the comparative method.

Two (2) capillary whole blood specimens collected from skin puncture with balanced heparin capillary tubes from each study subject across multiple point of care sites were evaluated and analyzed in singlicate on the i‑STAT 1 analyzer against the comparative method. A Passing-Bablok linear regression analysis for sodium was performed using the singlicate result from the i-STAT 1 analyzer versus the singlicate result of the comparative method.

The venous and arterial data were pooled, and a Passing-Bablok linear regression analysis was performed using the i STAT Potassium results from the i STAT $\mathrm { C G 8 + }$ cartridges on the i-STAT 1 analyzer versus the comparative method results. Method comparison results comparing the i-STAT Potassium performance on the i-STAT 1 analyzer to comparative methods for arterial and venous are as shown in Table 8. In the table, N is the number of specimens in the data set, and r is the correlation coefficient.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Table 8: Method Comparison Results for the i-STAT K test in the i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge with i-STAT 1System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparativeMethod</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Xmin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Xmax</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MedicalDecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bias atMedicalDecisionLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arterial/Venous</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>K(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>i-STAT CHEM8+</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>340</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr></table>

The venous, arterial, and capillary whole blood data were pooled, and a Passing-Bablok linear regression analysis was performed using the i-STAT Sodium results from the iSTAT $C G 8 +$ cartridges on the $i .$ -STAT 1 analyzer versus the comparative method results.

Method comparison results comparing the i-STAT Sodium performance on the i-STAT 1 analyzer to the comparative method for arterial, venous, and capillary whole blood specimens are shown in Table 9. In the table, N is the number of specimens in the data set, and r is the correlation coefficient.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Table 9: Method Comparison Results for for the i-STAT Na test in the i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge with i-STAT 1 System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Comparative Method</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MedicalDecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bias atMedicalDecisionLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arterial/Venous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>i-STATCHEM8+</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>epoc BloodAnalysisSystem</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>551</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

The method comparison results for capillary whole blood specimens only for the iSTAT Sodium test are shown in Table 10.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 10: Results for i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge with i-STAT 1 System  Native and ContrivedCapillary Specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101 - 172</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Bias at the medical decision levels for native capillary whole blood specimens only for the i-STAT Sodium test are shown in Table 11.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 11: Results for i-STAT CG8+ Cartridge with i-STAT 1 System  Native Capillary SpecimensBias at Medical Decision Levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Medical DecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bias</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Na(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-1.0, 0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-1.0, 0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-1.0, 0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# b. Matrix Equivalence

A matrix equivalence study was conducted to evaluate the performance of the i-STAT Sodium and Potassium tests in the $i { - } S T A T C G \delta { + }$ cartridge on the i-STAT 1 System using non-anticoagulated venous and arterial whole blood specimens. The study design and analysis method were based on recommendations from the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) guideline EP35: Assessment of Equivalence or Suitability of Specimen Types for Medical Laboratory Measurement Procedures, 1st ed. The matrix equivalence of each test in the $i { - } S T A T C G \delta { + }$ cartridge was assessed by comparing arterial or venous whole blood specimens collected without anticoagulant (candidate specimen type) to samples collected with balanced heparin or lithium heparin anticoagulant (primary specimen type). Each specimen was tested in duplicate using two (2) i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridges with two (2) i-STAT 1 analyzers. A Passing-Bablok linear regression analysis was performed using the first replicate result from the candidate (y-axis) versus the mean result from the primary specimen (x-axis). The regression analysis results are summarized in Table 12. In the table, N is the number of specimens in the data set, and r is the correlation coefficient.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 12: Matrix Equivalence Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test (units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateSpecimen Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary SpecimenRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102-178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102-178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4-8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4-8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr></table>

# VIII. CONCLUSION

The results of these studies demonstrate that performance of the i-STAT Sodium and Potassium tests in the i-STAT $C G 8 +$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.