November 3, 2023

Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. Christin Dunn Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 12400 High Bluff Drive San Diego, California 92130

Re: K232382 Trade/Device Name: Control-IQ Technology Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1356 Regulation Name: Interoperable Automated Glycemic Controller Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QJI Dated: August 7, 2023 Received: August 8, 2023

Dear Christin Dunn:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Joshua Balsam -S

Joshua M. Balsam, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K232382

Device Name Control-IQ Technology

Indications for Use (Describe)

Control-IQ technology is intended for use with compatible integrated continuous glucose monitors (iCGM) and alternate controller enabled (ACE) pumps to automatically increase, decrease, and suspend delivery of basal insulin based on iCGM readings and predicted glucose values. It can also deliver correction boluses when the glucose value is predicted to exceed a predefined threshold.

Control-IQ technology is intended for the management of Type 1 diabetes mellitus in persons 2 years of age and greater.

Control IQ technology is intended for single patient use and requires a prescription.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(K) SUMMARY FOR K232382

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87(h) and (21 CFR 807.92), the 510(k) Summary for Control-IQ

Technology is provided below:

# Submitter Information

Name

# Applicant Contact

Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.   
12400 High Bluff Drive   
San Diego, CA 92130   
Phone: 858-366-6900   
Christin Dunn   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist Phone: 858-401-1641   
cdunn@tandemdiabetes.com   
Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.   
12400 High Bluff Drive   
San Diego, CA 92130   
Lan Herrington   
Director, Regulatory Affairs   
(858) 255-6378   
LHerrington@tandemdiabetes.com Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.   
12400 High Bluff Drive   
San Diego, CA 92130   
October 26, 2023

# Secondary Contact

# Date Prepared:

# Device Identification

Trade name Control-IQ Technology   
Common name interoperable automated glycemic controller   
Regulation Name interoperable automated glycemic controller   
Classification number 21 CFR 862.1356   
Product code QJI   
Regulatory class II   
Predicate devices Control-IQ Technology (K200467)

# Intended Use

Control-IQ technology is intended for use with compatible integrated continuous glucose monitors (iCGM) and alternate controller enabled (ACE) pumps to automatically increase, decrease, and suspend delivery of basal insulin based on iCGM readings and predicted glucose values. It can also deliver correction boluses when the glucose value is predicted to exceed a predefined threshold.

Control-IQ technology is intended for the management of Type 1 diabetes mellitus in persons 2 years of age and greater.

Control-IQ technology is intended for single patient use and requires a prescription.

# Description

Control-IQ technology (Control-IQ, the device) is a software-only device intended for the management of type 1 diabetes mellitus. The device controls insulin delivery from a compatible alternate controller enabled insulin pump (ACE pump) based on inputs provided by a compatible integrated continuous glucose monitor (iCGM) and inputs provided the user (e.g., carbohydrate intake, exercise, and sleep schedule). Control-IQ technology is meant to be installed on a compatible ACE pump.

Control-IQ Technology has three different modes: Normal, Sleep, and Exercise. The glucose targets are not customizable in these modes but can change based on the mode selected. During normal mode, Control-IQ Technology aims to control glucose within a target range of 112.5 – 160 mg/dL. During sleep mode, this range is changed to 112.5-120 mg/dL, and it is changed to 140- $1 6 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ during exercise mode.

Control-IQ technology includes an integrated feature whereby iCGM values are automatically populated into the glucose field of the integrated bolus calculator when the Control-IQ technology is active (i.e., the device is operating in closed-loop mode). This feature is disabled when Control-IQ is turned off.

Control-IQ technology requires users to input their weight and their total daily insulin requirement, which should be established with the help of a health care provider before using the device.

# Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td></td><td>CONTROL-IQ TECHNOLOGY (K200467)</td><td>SUBJECT DEVICE (K232382)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Control-IQ technology is</td><td>Control-IQ technology is intended</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>intended for use with</td><td>for use with compatible integrated</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>compatible integrated</td><td>continuous glucose monitors</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>continuous glucose monitors</td><td>(iCGM) and alternate controller</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(iCGM) and alternate controller</td><td>enabled (ACE) pumps to</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>enabled (ACE) pumps to</td><td>automatically increase, decrease,</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>automatically increase, decrease,</td><td>and suspend delivery of basal</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>and suspend delivery of basal</td><td>insulin based on iCGM readings</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>insulin based on iCGM readings</td><td>and predicted glucose values. It can</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>and predicted glucose values. It can also deliver correction</td><td>also deliver correction boluses</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use/Indication For Use</td><td>boluses when the glucose value</td><td>when the glucose value is</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>is predicted to exceed a</td><td>predicted to exceed a predefined</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>predefined threshold.</td><td>threshold.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Control-IQ technology is intended</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Control-IQ technology is</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>intended for the management of</td><td>for the management of Type 1</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Type 1 diabetes mellitus in</td><td>diabetes mellitus in persons 2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>persons 6 years of age and</td><td>years of age and greater.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>greater.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Control-IQ technology is intended</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>for single patient use and requires</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Control-IQ technology is</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>a prescription.</td></tr><tr><td>and requires a prescription.</td><td>intended for single patient use</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control-IQ technology isindicated for use with NovoLogor Humalog U-100 insulin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pump Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alternate controller enabledinsulin pump</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecificDrug/BiologicalUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">U-100 Insulin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Profile Delivery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">When the predicted CGM valueis within the target range, thepump will deliver insulin at therate determined by the activePersonal Profile settings.The user's profile basal rate maybe set as high as 15 units/hrwhen Control-IQ is off, but isclipped to 3 units/hr whenControl-IQ is enabled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">When the predicted CGM value iswithin the target range, the pumpwill deliver insulin at the ratedetermined by the active PersonalProfile settings.The user's profile basal rate may beset as high as 15 units/hr whenControl-IQ is off and when Control-IQ is enabled, the same basal rateis applied.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Basal Rate Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Personal Profile correctionfactor is used to determine thepredicted basal rate limits of 10to 200 mg/dL per unit insulin.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Personal Profile correctionfactor is used to determine thepredicted basal rate limits of 10 to600 mg/dL per unit insulin.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Basal Attenuation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">When Control-IQ technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">predicts that the sensor glucosevalue will be at or below thetarget range 30 minutes in thefuture, the rate of insulindelivered will begin to decreaseto attempt to keep glucosewithin the target range.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutomaticCorrection Bolus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The upper limit for theautomatic correction bolus is200 mg/dL per unit insulin.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The upper limit for the automaticcorrection bolus is 600 mg/dL perunit insulin.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Body WeightSetting Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55 lbs (25 kg) - 308 lbs (140kg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 lbs (9 kg) - 440 lbs (200 kg)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TDI Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User setting of 10 units/day -100 units/day.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User setting of 5 units/day - 200units/day.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extended Bolus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 2-hour duration whenControl-IQ is enabled, up to 8hour duration when Control-IQ isdisabled.Extended bolus delivery will beterminated when Control-IQ isenabled.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 8-hour duration whileControl-IQ is enabled or disabledand extended boluses areuninterrupted when enablingControl-IQ.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temporary BasalRates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In order to use Temp Rates,Control-IQ technology must beturned off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temp Rates can be enabledwithout turning Control-IQTechnology off</td></tr></table>

# Performance Data

Software verification and validation testing was performed in accordance with ANSI AAMI IEC 62304:2006/A1:2016 Medical Device Software - Software Life Cycle Processes.

Evaluation and adherence to the Special Controls (21 CRF 862.1356) demonstrate continued assurance of safety and effectiveness of the Subject Device.

# Clinical Performance

A pivotal clinical study was conducted to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of Control-IQ Technology in individuals 2-5 years of age. This randomized controlled trial enrolled 102 subjects and the subjects were randomly assigned to Control-IQ or Standard Care (SC) in a 2:1 ratio. The subjects used the t:slim X2 insulin pump with Control-IQ Technology for 13 weeks. Upon completion of the 13 week study, participants could then enroll in an optional 13 week extension phase with the modified Control-IQ technology. Individuals assigned to the SC group were then moved to the Control-IQ group during this extension phase. The primary outcome of the study was CGM measured percent time in range $7 0 { - } 1 8 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } .$ .

# Substantial Equivalence

The changes that have been made to the Control-IQ technology indications for use and software result in a product that is substantially equivalent to the predicate Control-IQ technology device. The intended use and indications for use have been previously cleared on the Tandem device except for the change in age from 6 to 2 years of age and greater. The changes to Control-IQ technology and the change in age are supported by clinical trial data that demonstrates that the devices are substantially equivalent. Moreover, software testing demonstrates that the device performs as expected and in a manner that is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Thus, the modified Tandem Diabetes Care Control-IQ technology is substantially equivalent to the predicate Tandem Diabetes Care Control-IQ technology (K200467).