Immunalysis Corporation Shubhajit Mitra Regulatory Affairs Manager 829 Towne Center Drive Pomona, California 91767

Re: K232898 Trade/Device Name: Quantisal™ Oral Fluid Collection Device Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood Specimen Collection Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PJD Dated: September 18, 2023 Received: September 18, 2023

Dear Shubhajit Mitra:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100). Josepk Kotarek, Ph.D.   
Toxicology Branch Chief   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K232898

Device Name Quantisal™ Oral Fluid Collection Device

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 5 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with 21 CFR Section 807.92.

510(k) number: K232898   
Submitter   
Applicant Name: Immunalysis Corporation 829 Towne Center Drive Pomona, CA 91767   
FDA Establishment #: 2020952   
Primary Correspondent: Shubhajit Mitra Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Primary Phone: 508-330-4796   
Primary Email: shubhajit.mitra@abbott.com   
Alternate Correspondent: Iris Saliba Associate Director, Regulatory Affairs   
Secondary Phone: 619-540-3931   
Alternate Email: iris.saliba@abbott.com   
Date Prepared: Nov 3, 2023

# 5.1 Device Information

Trade or Proprietary Names: Quantisal™ Oral Fluid Collection Device

Common Name: Quantisal™   
Device Classification Name: Oral Fluid Drugs of Abuse and Alcohol Test Specimen Collection Device   
Product Codes: PJD   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 862.1675   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry

# Predicate Information

Company: Immunalysis Corporation

Device: Quantisal™ Oral Fluid Collection Device (K200801)

# 5.2 Device Description

The Quantisal™ Oral Fluid Collection Device is intended for the collection, preservation, and transport of oral fluid specimens for drugs of abuse testing. The device is for prescription use only.

An oral fluid specimen is collected by placing a cellulose pad affixed to a polypropylene stem under the tongue of an individual until a defined volume of saliva has saturated the cellulose pad. The defined volume taken up by the cellulose pad is indicated by coloration (blue) in a window on the stem (volume adequacy). The collector is then transferred into a polypropylene tube (provided) containing $3 m L$ of preservative buffer. The tube is stoppered with provided cap. The specimen is ready for storage and transport.

The Quantisal™ Oral Fluid Collection Device collects 1 mL of neat oral fluid and dilutes it with 3 mL of preservative buffer contained in the provided transport tube. This results in a 1 to 4 dilution factor.

# 5.3 Indication for Use

The Quantisal™ Oral Fluid Collection Device is intended for the collection, preservation, and transport of oral fluid specimens for drugs of abuse testing. This device is for prescription use only.

# 5.4 Comparison to Predicate Device

The subject device has the same design and functionality as the predicate device.

Table 5-1: Device Comparison   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device - Quantisal™ OralFluid Collection Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K200801)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunalysis Corporation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantisal™ Oral Fluid CollectionDevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PJD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Review Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Material</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cellulose pad, polypropylene stem,preservative buffer and transporttube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Body Contact</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cellulose pad placed under thetongue for up to 10 mins</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collecting an oral fluid specimen ona cellulose pad and preserving it in abuffer solution contained in acollection tube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Collection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Place cellulose pad under the tonguefor collection until blue dye is visiblein the window of the stem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport Tube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polypropylene  tube  containingpreservative buffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human oral fluid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collector containing a pad</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended for use in the collection,preservation, and transport of oralfluid specimens for drugs of abusetesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Quantisal™ Oral Fluid CollectionDevice is intended for the collection,preservation, and transport of oralfluid specimens for drugs of abusetesting. This device is forprescription use only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Quantisal™ Oral Fluid CollectionDevice is intended for the Collection,preservation and transport of oralfluid specimens fortetrahydrocannabinol (THC), cocaineand its metabolite benzoylecgonine,morphine, codeine, oxycodone,hydrocodone, 6-acetylmorphine,phencyclidine, amphetamine,methamphetamine, buprenorphine,methadone, benzodiazepines andtramadol. For prescription Use only.</td></tr></table>

# 5.5 Performance Characteristics

The subject and predicate device are similar except for the change in the indications for use and the extension of stability claims for some analytes. There is no change to the device design or functionality. The performance data submitted and cleared in K200801 was established using a representative group of analytes that supports the general intended use of the device. The representative drug analytes studied on Quantisal™ represent frequently abused drug classes and variable physicochemical properties. The representative drug analytes evaluated for performance of Quantisal™ Oral Fluid Collection Device are listed in Table 5-2 below:

Table 5-2: Representative Drug Analytes   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Representative Drugs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL) used forperformance evaluation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepines(Nordiazepam)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr></table>

Clinical and analytical performance were established using Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) and Gas chromatography–mass spectrometry (GC-MS).

The representative drug analytes are not an inclusive list of targets that could be tested in specimens collected using Quantisal™. As per the Instructions for Use, use of this device for the collection, preservation, and transportation of oral fluid specimens for in vitro diagnostic drug of abuse testing for analytes not listed in Table 5-1must be validated prior to such use. The following performance studies were performed on the Quantisal™:

# 5.5.1 Sample Volume

The performance studies to verify the sample volume collected using Quantisal™ were submitted and cleared in K200801.

# 5.5.2 Sample Collection Time

The performance studies to verify the sample collection time were submitted and cleared in K200801.

# 5.5.3 Drug Recovery

Drug recovery studies performed on representative drug analytes using Quantisal™ Oral Fluid Collection Device were submitted and cleared in K200801.

# 5.5.5 Oral Fluid Sample Stability

The stability of the representative drugs in the oral fluid specimens collected with the Quantisal™ Oral Fluid Collection Device was evaluated with low positive samples $( + 5 0 \% )$ cutoff at room temperature $( 8 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ and refrigerated $( 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ . Sample Stability testing was performed using LCMS/MS or GC/MS at multiple timepoints post collection at $8 ^ { \circ } C \cdot 2 5 ^ { \circ } C$ and at $2 ^ { \circ } C - 8 ^ { \circ } C$ . The stability results of the representative analytes from K200801 and refrigerated sample stability extension results in this submission are presented in Table 5-3.

Table 5-3: Oral Fluid Specimens Stability in the Quantisal™   
Section 5: 510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drugs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Initial Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stability at8-25°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stability at2-8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 month</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-acetylImorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepines</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr></table>

# 5.5.6 Sample Transportation Stability

Sample Transportation Stability performed on representative drug analytes using Quantisal™ Oral Fluid Collection Device was submitted and cleared in K200801.

# 5.5.7 Clinical Specimen Study

Clinical specimen testing performed on the representative analytes listed in Table 5-2 using Quantisal Oral Fluid Collection Device was submitted and cleared in K200801.

# 5.6 Substantial Equivalence

Quantisal™ Oral Fluid Collection Device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Both devices are intended to be used for collection, preservation, and transport of oral fluid for drug of abuse testing. Both devices have same design, materials and functionality. Both devices, using the same performance data set, have demonstrated safety and efficacy for the intended use regardless of the drug analyte tested.

# 5.7 Conclusion

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the Quantisal™ Oral Fluid Collection Device is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its Section 5: 510(k) Summary

intended use for collection, preservation, and transport of oral fluid for drug of abuse testing regardless of the analyte being tested.