May 29, 2024

Insulet Corporation   
Alexander Hamad   
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
100 Nagog Park   
Acton, Massachusetts 02144

Re: K232741 Trade/Device Name: SmartAdjust™ technology Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1356 Regulation Name: Interoperable Automated Glycemic Controller Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QJI Dated: September 1, 2023 Received: September 7, 2023

Dear Alexander Hamad:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Joshua Balsam -S

Joshua M. Balsam, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K232741

Device Name SmartAdjust™ technology

Indications for Use (Describe)

SmartAdjust™ technology is intended for use with compatible integrated continuous glucose monitors (iCGM) and alternate controller enabled (ACE) pumps to automatically increase, decrease, and pause delivery of insulin based on current and predicted glucose values. SmartAdjust™ technology is intended for the management of type 1 diabetes mellitus in persons 2 years of age and older. SmartAdjust™ technology is intended for single patient use and requires a prescription.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(K) SUMMARY

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date prepared:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 May 2024</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insulet Corporation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Address:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 Nagog ParkActon, MA 01720</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA EstablishmentOwner/Operator Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9056196</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA Establishment RegistrationNumber:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3014585508</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Contact PersonPhone:Fax:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alex HamadManager, Regulatory Affairs978-600-7000978-600-0120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Trade / Proprietary Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SmartAdjust™ technology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interoperable Automated Glycemic Controller</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Review Panel (s):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code(s):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QJI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Numbers:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1356</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submission Type:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traditional 510(k)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Predicate:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K220394 (SmartAdjust™ technology)</td></tr></table>

# a) Intended Use and Indications for Use

SmartAdjust™ technology is intended for use with compatible integrated continuous glucose monitors (iCGM) and alternate controller enabled (ACE) pumps to automatically increase, decrease, and pause delivery of insulin based on current and predicted glucose values. SmartAdjust™ technology is intended for the management of type 1 diabetes mellitus in persons 2 years of age and older. SmartAdjust™ technology is intended for single patient use and requires a prescription.

# b) Device Description

SmartAdjust™ technology is a software-only device that enables automated insulin delivery by taking in glucose inputs from a connected iCGM and calculating insulin micro-bolus outputs for delivery by a connected ACE Pump.

SmartAdjust™ technology is part of the Omnipod 5 Automated Insulin Delivery System, which also includes the Omnipod 5 ACE Pump and the SmartBolus Calculator regulated devices. The Omnipod 5 ACE Pump and the SmartBolus Calculator functions are functionally independent from SmartAdjust™ technology. SmartAdjust™ technology is intended to be digitally connected to a third party iCGM, the Omnipod 5 ACE Pump, and the SmartBolus Calculator.

The SmartAdjust™ technology software is installed on both the OP5 Pod and OP5 Controller (which contains the OP5 App), the 2 physical components that make up the Omnipod 5 System. The Omnipod 5 System is a hybrid closed loop system and therefore can operate in either open loop (Manual Mode; SmartAdjust™ technology disabled) or closed loop (Automated Mode; SmartAdjust™ technology enabled). When Automated Mode is turned on, the SmartAdjust™ algorithm (installed on the Pod) controls insulin delivery based on recent CGM values.

# c) Summary of Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device

There are no changes to the design or technology of SmartAdjust™ technology, therefore it is substantially equivalent to the predicate.

The only difference between the subject device and predicate device is an update to the specifications for glucose sensor performance for connected iCGMs in accordance with 21 CFR 862.1356(1)(iv).

The differences between predicate and subject device do not raise any different questions about safety and effectiveness and therefore, SmartAdjust™ technology is substantially equivalent to its predicate.

Please refer to Table 1 below for a substantial equivalence table, which includes a comparison of the technological characteristics between the subject device and its predicate.

Table 1: SmartAdjust™ technology Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Element ofComparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device: SmartAdjust ™technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: SmartAdjust ™technology (K220394)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intendeduse/indicationsfor use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SmartAdjust ™ technology isintended for use with compatibleintegrated continuous glucosemonitors (iCGM) and alternatecontroller enabled (ACE) pumps toautomatically increase, decrease,and pause delivery of insulin basedon current and predicted glucosevalues. SmartAdjust ™ technologyis intended for the management oftype 1 diabetes mellitus in persons2 years of age and older.SmartAdjust ™ technology isintended for single patient use andrequires a prescription.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SmartAdjust ™ technology isintended for use with compatibleintegrated continuous glucosemonitors (iCGM) and alternatecontroller enabled (ACE) pumps toautomatically increase, decrease,and pause delivery of insulin basedon current and predicted glucosevalues. SmartAdjust ™ technology isintended for the management oftype 1 diabetes mellitus in persons 2years of age and older.SmartAdjust ™ technology isintended for single patient use andrequires a prescription.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interoperable automated glycemiccontroller</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interoperable automated glycemiccontroller</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Environment ofuse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ambulatory use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ambulatory use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecificDrug/BiologicUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U-100 InsulinSystem has been tested withNovoLog®, Humalog®, andAdmelog®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U-100 InsulinSystem has been tested withNovoLog®, Humalog®, andAdmelog®</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrescriptionStatus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principles ofOperation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Algorithmic software device intendedto automatically increase,decrease,and pause delivery of insulin basedon iCGM readings and predictedglucose values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Algorithmic software device intendedto automatically increase,decrease,and pause delivery of insulin basedon iCGM readings and predictedglucose values</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Communication and Pairing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE)wireless technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) wirelesstechnology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device HostingController</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omnipod 5 ACE Pump</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omnipod 5 ACE Pump</td></tr></table>

Insulet Corporation Traditional 510(k) SmartAdjust™ technology

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Element ofComparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device: SmartAdjust ™technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: SmartAdjust™technology (K220394)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DigitallyConnectedDevices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cleared iCGM and ACE Pump,which includes a display device(Insulet-provided Controller phoneor user&#x27;s compatible smartphone)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cleared iCGM and ACE Pump, whichincludes a display device (Insulet-provided Controller phone or user&#x27;scompatible smartphone)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SystemFunctionalityModes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SmartAdjust ™ technology−enabled (Automated Mode):closed-loop, automaticallyincrease, decrease, andsuspend delivery of insulinbased on current and predictedglucose valuesSmartAdjust ™ technology notenabled (Manual Mode): openloop, basal delivery based onuser-defined programs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SmartAdjust ™ technologyenabled (Automated Mode):closed-loop, automaticallyincrease, decrease, and suspenddelivery of insulin based oncurrent and predicted glucosevaluesSmartAdjust ™ technology notenabled (Manual Mode): openloop, basal delivery based onuser-defined programs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alarms/Alerts</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Out of Range AlertLow AlertMaximum Insulin/Delivery Alert</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Out of Range AlertLow Alert•  Maximum Insulin/Delivery Alert</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target GlucoseControl Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110-150 mg/dl, user-customizable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110-150 mg/dl, user-customizable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCGMPerformanceSpecificationsper 21 CFR862.1356(1)(iv)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Updated iCGM PerformanceSpecifications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iCGM Performance Specifications</td></tr></table>

# d) Conclusion

SmartAdjust™ technology, with the modification to the iCGM Performance Specifications has the same intended use and indications for use as the predicate device. There are no differences in the technological characteristics of the subject device compared to the predicate device. The differences in the performance specifications for compatible iCGMs do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness. The subject device has been shown to meet the special controls for an Interoperable Automated Glycemic Controller and determined to be substantially equivalent to its predicate.