April 12, 2024

Shenzhen New Industries Biomedical Engineering Co., Ltd   
$\%$ Joe Shia   
Director   
LSI International Inc   
504 East Diamond Ave., Suite H   
Gaithersburg, Maryland 20877

Re: K232587 Trade/Device Name: MAGLUMI 25-OH Vitamin D, MAGLUMI X3 Fully auto chemiluminescence immunoassay analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1825 Regulation Name: Vitamin D Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MRG, JJE Dated: February 25, 2024 Received: February 26, 2024

Dear Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K232587

Device Name   
MAGLUMI 25-OH Vitamin D   
MAGLUMI X3 Fully-auto chemiluminescence immunoassay analyzer

The MAGLUMI X3 Fully-auto chemiluminescence immunoassay analyzer is an automated, immunoassay analyzer designed to perform in vitro diagnostic tests on clinical specimens.

The MAGLUMI 25-OH Vitamin D is an in vitro chemiluminescence immunoassay for the quantitative determination of 25-OH Vitamin D (25-OH VD) in human serum and plasma using the MAGLUMI series Fully-auto chemiluminescence immunoassay analyzer, and the assay is used for an aid in assessment of vitamin D sufficiency.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY K232587

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92

1. Date:

April 11, 2024

2. Submitter:

Shenzhen New Industries Biomedical Engineering Co., Ltd. No.23, Jinxiu East Road, Pingshan District, 518122 Shenzhen, P.R. China

3. Contact person:

Joe Shia LSI International Inc. 504 East Diamond Ave., Suite H Gaithersburg, MD 20877 Telephone: 240-505-7880 Email:shiajl@yahoo.com

4. Device Name:

MAGLUMI 25-OH Vitamin D MAGLUMI X3 Fully-auto chemiluminescence immunoassay analyzer

Classification: Class II (assay) and Class I (instrument)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Name</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1825</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin D Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.2160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer, Chemistry (Photometric, Discrete), For Clinical Use</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices:

K191499, SNIBE MAGLUMI 2000 25-OH Vitamin D K162698, SNIBE MAGLUMI 2000 Immunoassay Analyzer

6. Device Description:

MAGLUMI X3 Fully-auto chemiluminescence immunoassay analyzer:

The MAGLUMI X3 Fully-auto chemiluminescence immunoassay analyzer is a fully automated instrument system designed to perform in vitro diagnostic tests on clinical specimens. The system utilizes chemiluminescent technology and uses pre-packaged reagent packs for qualitative or quantitative analysis of the analytes in human samples. The analyzer performs automatic sample pipetting, reagent loading, incubation, washing, measurements, and result calculations.

MAGLUMI 25-OH Vitamin D assay: MAGLUMI 25-OH Vitamin D kit consists of the following reagents:

Magnetic Microbeads- coated with anti-25-OH VD antibody in PBS buffer, NaN3 $\left( < 0 . 1 \% \right)$ .

Calibrator Low- A low concentration of 25-OH VD antigen in Carbonate buffer, NaN3 $\left( < 0 . 1 \% \right)$

Calibrator High- A high concentration of 25-OH VD antigen in Carbonate buffer, NaN3 $\left( < 0 . 1 \% \right)$ .

Buffer- Acidic buffer

ABEI Label- ABEI labeled with anti-25-OH VD antibody $( \sim 0 . 5 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ in PBS buffer, NaN3 $\left( < 0 . 1 \% \right)$ .

Control 1- A low concentration of 25-OH VD antigen in Carbonate buffer, NaN3 $\left( < 0 . 1 \% \right)$ .

Control 2- A high concentration of 25-OH VD antigen in Carbonate buffer, NaN3 $\left( < 0 . 1 \% \right)$

7. Intended Use:

The MAGLUMI X3 Fully-auto chemiluminescence immunoassay analyzer is an automated, immunoassay analyzer designed to perform in vitro diagnostic tests on clinical specimens.

The MAGLUMI 25-OH Vitamin D is an in vitro chemiluminescence immunoassay for the quantitative determination of 25-OH Vitamin D (25-OH VD) in human serum and plasma using the MAGLUMI series Fully-auto chemiluminescence immunoassay analyzer, and the assay is used for an aid in assessment of vitamin D sufficiency.

# 8. Standard/Guidance Documents

Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute EP5-A3 – Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline-Third Edition.   
Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute EP6-A – Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A statistical approach; Approved guideline   
Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute EP17-A2: Evaluation of detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline—Second Edition   
Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute EP7-A2 – Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline—Second Edition   
Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute EP9-A3 – Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline-Third Edition.

9. Substantial Equivalence Information

Instrument Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indication for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated, immunoassay analyzer designedto perform in vitro diagnostic tests on clinicalspecimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principles of AssayOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescence using magnetic-particle solidphase and chemiluminescent label</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Random Access, Batch, STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput Rate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 180 tests/hr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 200 tests/hr</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PMT used in photon counting mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Container</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample cups or primary tubes may be used</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dispense System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated pipetting of samples using precision syringe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and Plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 to 200 μl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 to 200 μl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 to 200 μl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 to 450 μl</td></tr></table>

Assay Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indication forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the quantitative determination of 25-hydroxyvitamin D. The measurement of25-OH Vitamin D is to be used in theassessment of vitamin D sufficiency.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and K2 EDTA Plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 point</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Low and Calibrator High</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Captureantibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnetic microbeads coated with 25-OHVitamin D monoclonal antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-step Competitive chemiluminescenceimmunoassay (CLIA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sandwich chemiluminescenceimmunoassay (CLIA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuringrange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.371-143 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.371-150 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABEI-labeled 25-OH Vitamin D antigen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABEI-labeled 25-OH Vitamin Dantibody</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μL</td></tr><tr><td>Traceability</td><td>NIST RMP 2972</td><td>NIST SRM 2972a</td></tr></table>

10. Test Principle

The 25-OH Vitamin D assay is a sandwich chemiluminescence immunoassay for the quantitative determination of total 25-OH vitamin D in human serum and plasma.

The sample, magnetic microbeads coated with anti-25-OH VD antibody and buffer are mixed thoroughly, incubating and performing a wash cycle after a precipitation in a magnetic field. ABEI labeled with another anti-25-OH VD antibody are then added, reacting to form sandwich complexes and incubating. After precipitation in a magnetic field, decant the supernatant, and then perform another wash cycle. Subsequently, the Starter $1 + 2$ are added to initiate a chemiluminescent reaction. The light signal is measured by a photomultiplier as relative light units (RLUs), which is proportional to the concentration of 25-OH VD present in the sample.

11. Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a. Precision

The precision was determined using the CLSI EP5-A3 protocol as a guide. The study was conducted on three different instruments with two controls, two calibrators, one spiked patient serum pool and three native patient sample pools. The data was collected over 20 days in duplicate with 2 runs per day with a total of 80 samples analyzed per level on each instrument. The results (in $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ ) obtained are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total(within instrument)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility(across instruments)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.986</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.214</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.398</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.526</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.564</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.543</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.692</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.962</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.706</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.956</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.398</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spiked serum pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130.310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.770</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.508</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.305</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.77</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native Serum Pool 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.084</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.626</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.766</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.766</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.87</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native Serum Pool 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.376</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.469</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.299</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native Serum Pool 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.517</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.417</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.417</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.41</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity

The linearity of the MAGLUMI 25-OH Vitamin D method was determined following the CLSI EP6-A procedure. Eleven levels of linearity samples were prepared by blending a low serum sample pool and a high serum sample pool to span the whole measuring range with 25-OH Vitamin D concentrations from 1.8 to $1 9 5 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . Each sample was measured in quadruple on 3 lots of reagent. Linearity was evaluated using

regression analysis based on CLSI EP6-A.

The assays are linear between 1.8 and $1 9 5 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ with the following relationship:

Observed $= 1 . 0 0 1 6$ (Expected) - 0.4938, $\mathrm { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 7 4$

c. Stability

Real time stability study showed that both controls and reagent kits are stable for 18 months at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

d. Detection Limit

Detection limit studies were performed following CLSI EP17-A2 guidelines.

The limit of blank (LOB) is the 95th percentile value from 60 measurements of 25- OH Vitamin D depleted serum samples using 3 different lots of 25-OH Vitamin D reagents over 3 days. The LOB corresponds to the concentration below which analyte-free samples are found with a probability of $9 5 \%$ and was determined to be $0 . 9 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

The limit of detection (LOD) is determined based on the LOB and the standard deviation of low concentration samples. The LOD corresponds to the lowest analyte concentration which can be detected. Four level of low samples were measured in 60 replicates over 3 days per sample using 3 lots of reagents. LOD was determined to be $1 . 4 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The limit of quantitation (LOQ) was determined by measuring six low serum samples, in five replicates per run, one run per day, over 3 days, using 3 lots of reagents. LOQ is defined as the lowest analyte concentration that can be reproducibly measured with an intermediate precision CV of $\leq 2 0 \%$ and was determined to be $2 . 2 8 9 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

e. Interference

A cross reactivity study was performed using three base serum samples containing total 25-OH VD $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ respectively. These samples were spiked with various cross reactants and measured for these solutions using 3 lots of reagents. The following table shows cross reactivity of potential cross reactant.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-OH Vitamin D2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.41%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-OH Vitamin D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.17%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin D2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,25-(OH)2-Vitamin D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,25-(OH)2-Vitamin D2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-epi-250H D3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46%</td></tr></table>

The effect of endogenous substances were evaluated using human serum pools. For each substance, three serum samples containing 10, 50 and $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ concentration of 25-OH Vitamin D were analyzed, the highest concentration of interferents were listed below at which no significant interference was observed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest concentration tested at which nosignificant interference is observed (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>triglyceride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr></table>

The effect of common drugs and interference substances were evaluated using human serum pools. For each substance, three serum samples containing 10, 50 and $1 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ concentration of 25-OH Vitamin D were analyzed. The substances and the highest concentration tested which did not cause significant interference are listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest concentration tested at which nosignificant interference is observed (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid (Vitamin C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.4</td></tr></table>

The effect of human anti-mouse antibodies (HAMA), rheumatoid factor (RF) and human serum total protein was evaluated using human serum samples. Each potential interferent was added to 25-OH Vitamin D human serum samples and tested using 3 lots of reagents. For all substances tested, no significant interference was defined as recovery $\pm 1 0 \%$ of initial value. The potential interferents and the highest concentration tested which did not cause significant interference are listed below.

<table><tr><td>Potential Interferent</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">significant interference is observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">401 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1745 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total protein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.25 g/dL</td></tr></table>

# 2. Comparison Studies

A method comparison study was performed with 329 human serum samples with concentrations ranging from 5.933 to $1 4 2 . 1 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . In the study, 329 native, single donor patient (121 male, 208 female, age 7 to 98 years) serum samples were tested on the candidate devices and the comparator method. The comparison of the MAGLUMI 25-OH Vitamin D assay (y) with the predicate device, MAGLUMI 2000 25-OH Vitamin D assay (x), produced the following

Passing-Bablok: $\mathrm { y } { = } 0 . 9 8 9 \mathrm { x } { + } 0 . 2 4 9$ , $\scriptstyle \mathrm { R = } 0 . 9 9 7$

3. Expected values/Reference range:

A total of 312 serum samples from normal, apparently healthy adult (21 years and older) individuals were tested according to the procedure in CLSI EP28-A3c. The expected normal range is $7 . 4 - 4 5 . 1 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ based on the central $9 5 \%$ of the frequency distribution.

The 312 samples were collected from three regions (Central, Southeast and Northeast) in the US, including 181 males and 131 females. The whole samples met following season distribution:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Season</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Summer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Autumn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Winter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31%</td></tr></table>

4. Matrix Comparison:

A matrix comparison study was conducted by comparing values obtained from samples drawn into serum and plasma collection tubes. The result of the serum sample was compared with the result of each plasma sample from the same donor. Total 78 serum/plasma pairs were tested. The results show the following:

Passing-Bablok: y=0.977x-0.0256, R2=0.9938

5. Clinical Studies: Not applicable.

# 12. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, interference, specificity and method comparison of the device, it is concluded that the MAGLUMI 25-OH Vitamin D is substantially equivalent to the predicate.