February 8, 2024

Beckman Coulter Inc.   
Kate Oelberg   
Senior Staff Quality and Regulatory Affairs 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive   
Chaska, Minnesota 55318

Re: K233480 Trade/Device Name: Access SHBG Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1680 Regulation Name: Testosterone Test System Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: CDZ Dated: December 14, 2023 Received: December 14, 2023

Dear Kate Oelberg:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100). Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k233480

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Access SHBG assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of Sex Hormone Binding Globulin levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems.   
The Access SHBG assay is indicated for use in the assessment of androgen disorders.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510 (k) Summary This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 510(k) Number K233480

Date Prepared: 1/30/2024

Submitted By: Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318

Primary Contact:   
Kate Oelberg   
Senior Staff Quality and Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: (612) 431-7315   
Email: kmoelberg@beckman.com   
Alternate Contact:   
Kuljeet Kaur   
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: (952) 368-7816   
Email: kkaur@beckman.com Device Name   
Common Name: Access SHBG   
Trade Name: Access SHBG   
Classification Name: Alkaline phosphatase or isoenzymes test system.   
Classification Code: CDZ (Class 1) - Radioimmunoassay, Testosterones and Dihydrotestosterone Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 862.1680   
Predicate Device   
Device Name: Access Sex Hormone Binding Globulin Reagent   
510(k) Numbers: K083867

# Device Description

The Access SHBG assay is a sequential two-site immunoenzymatic (“sandwich”) assay. The Access SHBG assay consists of the reagent pack, calibrators and QCs. Other items needed to run the assay include substrate and wash buffer. The Access SHBG assay reagent pack, Access SHBG assay calibrators, Access SHBG QCs, along with the UniCel DxI Wash Buffer II are designed for use with the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer in a clinical laboratory setting.

# Intended Use

The Access SHBG assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of Sex Hormone Binding Globulin levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems.

# Indications for Use

The Access SHBG assay is indicated for use in the assessment of androgen disorders.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics to the Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Sex Hormone Binding GlobulinReagent Access UniCel Dxl 800Immunoassay System (Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access SHBG on Dxl 9000Access Immunoassay System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Access SHBG assay is aparamagnetic particle, chemiluminescentimmunoassay for the quantitativedetermination of Sex Hormone BindingGlobulin levels in human serum andplasma using the Access ImmunoassaySystems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-step immunoenzymatic assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Utilizes a stored calibration curve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and lithium heparin plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 0.33 - 200 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access UniCel Dxl 800 ImmunoassaySystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dxl 9000 Access ImmunoassayAnalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lumi-Phos Pro Substrate</td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

CLSI EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline – Third Edition   
CLSI EP06- $\cdot 2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ Edition-: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline   
CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement   
Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition   
CLSI EP09c $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Edition: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient   
Samples; Third Edition

# Summary of Studies

Method Comparison: Method comparison study was performed to compare the Access SHBG assay on DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer to a previously cleared system. Method comparison and bias estimation experiments were designed in accordance with the CLSI EP09c-A3 “Method Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline – Third Edition”. A total of one hundred and fifty-one (151) samples were evaluated in the method comparison study. The results of the method comparison study met the acceptance criteria of $\mathsf { R } ^ { 2 } \geq 0 . 9 5$ with a slope equal to $1 . 0 0 \pm 0 . 0 9$ and supports the equivalence of the Access SHBG assay on DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer to the Access SHBG on the Access 2 instrument.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationRange*(nmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficientR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{2}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63 - 235</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00-1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.46 - 0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr></table>

\*Range is Access 2 values   
Imprecision: Repeatability (within-run) and within-laboratory (total) precision studies were   
designed in accordance with the CLSI Guideline EP05-A3 “Evaluation of Precision of   
Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline - Third Edition”. The study was run   
on three DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer systems, three reagent lots, and three   
calibrator lots. Five (5) serum samples with varying SHBG concentrations, were assayed in   
duplicate with two runs per day, over 20 days. The assay was designed to have within-laboratory   
imprecision as listed below:

$\leq 0 . 1 4 \ \mathrm { n m o l / L }$ SD at concentrations ≤ 2 nmol/L $\leq 7 . 0 \%$ CV at concentrations $> 2 \ : \mathsf { n m o l } / \mathsf { L }$

The results from a representative lot are as follows:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Concentration (nmol/L)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability(Within-run)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-Laboratory (Total)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">198</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td></tr></table>

Linearity: A verification study was performed to evaluate the linearity of the Access SHBG assay on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer based on CLSI EP06-Ed2 “Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline”. A native sample was obtained at the low end of the assay’s measuring range. A high sample was created by spiking a low serum sample with SHBG antigen to achieve a concentration at or above the highest calibrator. In addition to the high and low SHBG concentration samples, seven mixtures were tested in this study. The Access SHBG assay is linear on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer throughout the analytical measuring interval of 0.33 nmol/L – 200 nmol/L.

LoB, LoD, and LoQ: Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD), and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) studies were designed from the CLSI guideline EP17-A2 “Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures Approved Guideline – Second Edition”. Four distinct blank samples (calibrator matrix were used for the LoB determination. For estimation of LoD, six to seven samples containing low levels of SHBG analyte were measured. For estimation of LoQ, 12-13 serum samples containing low levels of SHBG analyte were measured. The LoB study included multiple reagent lots and 3 DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzers over a minimum of 3 days. The LoD and LoQ studies included multiple reagent lots and 3 DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzers over a minimum of 5 days. The maximum observed results for LoB for Access SHBG assay is 0.005 nmol/L, LoD is 0.01 nmol/L and LoQ is 0.06 nmol/L on DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer. Other claims: The claims for the analytical specificity and reference intervals are being

transferred from file K083867.

# Substantial Equivalence Comparison Conclusion

Beckman Coulter’s Access SHBG on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer is substantially equivalent to the Access Sex Hormone Binding Globulin Reagent on the Access Immunoassay System as demonstrated through the information and data provided in this submission. The performance testing presented in this submission provides evidence that the device is safe and effective in its intended use.