March 13, 2024

Deka Research and Development   
Paul Smolenski   
Regulatory Affairs   
340 Commercial Street   
Manchester, New Hampshire 03101

Re: K234055 Trade/Device Name: DEKA Loop Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1356 Regulation Name: Interoperable Automated Glycemic Controller Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QJI Dated: December 21, 2023 Received: December 22, 2023

Dear Paul Smolenski:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Joshua Balsam -S

Joshua M. Balsam, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K234055

Device Name DEKA Loop

Indications for Use (Describe)

DEKA Lotne ous wpibletratctuluconiors CGM)and e DEKAe u bsGn eicvaluIanea the delivery of correction boluses when glucose values are predicted to exceed user configurable thresholds.

DEKA Loop is intended for the management of Type  diabetes mellitus in persons six years of age and greater.

DEKA Loop is intended for single patient use and requires a prescription.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary: K234055

Submitter Information   
510(k) Sponsor: DEKA Research & Development 340 Commercial Street Manchester, NH 03101

Contact Person: Paul Smolenski Regulatory Affairs DEKA Research & Development Corporation Phone: (603) 669-5139 Fax: (603) 624-0573 psmolenski@dekaresearch.com

Date Prepared: 2/29/2024

Proposed Device   
Common/Usual Name: DEKA Loop   
Trade/Proprietary Name: DEKA Loop   
Classification Name: interoperable Automated Glycemic Controller   
Device Classification: 21 CFR 862.1356   
Product Code: QJI   
Class: II   
Device Panel: Clinical Chemistry

# Predicate Device

The predicate device for this submission is Tidepool Loop cleared in K203689.

# Device Description

DEKA Loop is an interoperable Alternate Glycemic Controller (iAGC) and works to control an ACE (Alternate Controller Enabled) insulin pump to automatically increase, decrease, and suspend delivery of basal insulin based on readings from an iCGM (integrated continuous glucose monitor) and glucose values predicted by DEKA Loop. DEKA Loop can also recommend, and with the user’s confirmation, control the delivery of correction boluses when glucose values are predicted to exceed user configurable thresholds. It is controlled by an iOS app that is downloaded to a user’s iPhone.

# Intended Use

DEKA Loop is intended for use with compatible integrated continuous glucose monitors (iCGM) and alternate controller enabled (ACE) pumps to automatically increase, decrease, and suspend delivery of basal insulin based on iCGM readings and predicted glucose values. It can also recommend and deliver correction boluses when glucose values are predicted to exceed user configurable thresholds. DEKA Loop is intended for the management of Type 1 diabetes mellitus in persons six years of age and greater. DEKA Loop is intended for single patient use and requires a prescription.

# Technological Characteristics

DEKA Loop is used with an ACE pump and an iCGM to deliver basal insulin.

# Performance Data

Software verification and validation testing was performed per FDA’s guidance document, Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Total Product Life Cycle: Infusion Pump - Premarket Notification $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ Submissions Guidance. Additionally, in-silico software challenge testing demonstrated clinical equivalence to the predicate device.

# Substantial Equivalence

DEATo

<table><tr><td>Characteristic Device Classification</td><td>Predicate Device</td><td>Subject Device</td><td>Explanation of Differences Same</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation and Product Code Indications for Use</td><td>Interoperable Automated Glycemic Controller, 21 CFR 862.1356, Procode QJI Tidepool Loop, a mobile application with algorithm technology, is intended for use with compatible integrated continuous glucose monitors (iCGM) and alternate controller enabled (ACE) insulin infusion pumps to automatically increase, decrease, and suspend delivery of basal insulin based on iCGM readings and predicted glucose values. It can also recommend, and with the user's confirmation, control the delivery of correction boluses when glucose values are predicted to exceed user configurable thresholds. Tidepool Loop is intended for the management of type 1 diabetes mellitus in persons six years of age and greater. Tidepool Loop is intended for single patient use and requires a patient use. prescription.</td><td>Interoperable Automated Glycemic Controller, 21 CFR 862.1356, Procode QJI DEKA Loop is intended for use with compatible integrated continuous glucose monitors (iCGM) and the DEKA alternate controller enabled (ACE) insulin infusion pump to automatically increase, decrease, and suspend delivery of basal insulin based on iCGM readings and predicted glucose values. It can also recommend, and with the user's confirmation, control the delivery of correction boluses when glucose values are predicted to exceed user configurable thresholds. DEKA Loop is intended for the management of Type 1 diabetes mellitus in persons six years of age and greater. DEKA Loop is intended for single</td><td>Equivalent. DEKA Loop is integrated into the DEKA ACE Pump System.</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Predicate Device</td><td>Subject Device</td><td>Explanation of Differences</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Tidepool Loop is Rx - For Prescription Use Only.</td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>Prescription Use Intended Population</td><td>Yes Type 1 diabetes mellitus in persons</td><td>Yes Type 1 diabetes mellitus in persons six years of age and greater.</td><td>Same Same</td></tr><tr><td>Patient Environment</td><td>six years of age and greater. On-body wearable ambulatory pump</td><td>On-body wearable ambulatory pump</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Environment of Use Number of Users</td><td>Home environments Single user only</td><td>Home environments Single user only</td><td>Same Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Technological Characteristics Principle of Operation Tidepool Loop predicts glucose</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="8">readings. Users must manually deliver meal boluses they can calculate using the Tidepool Loop Bolus Recommendation Tool</td><td rowspan="8">levels up to 6 hours in the future (the approximate duration of insulin action for U-100 rapid-acting insulin) based on prior iCGM readings, insulin delivery history, and user input (e.g., carbohydrate intake and exercise) and uses that</td><td>DEKA Loop predicts glucose levels up to 6 hours in the future (the approximate duration of insulin action for U-100 rapid-acting</td><td rowspan="8">Same</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>insulin) based on prior iCGM readings, insulin delivery history, and user input (e.g., carbohydrate intake and exercise) and uses that</td></tr><tr><td>prediction to adjust insulin delivery. prediction to adjust insulin delivery. Tidepool Loop can be used to adjust or suspend basal insulin delivery every 5 minutes and deliver</td></tr><tr><td>DEKA Loop can be used to adjust or suspend basal insulin delivery every 5 minutes and deliver</td></tr><tr><td>correction boluses of insulin based</td></tr><tr><td>correction boluses of insulin based on actual and predicted CGM sensor on actual and predicted CGM sensor readings.</td></tr><tr><td>Users must manually deliver meal boluses they can calculate using the DEKA Loop Bolus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Explanation of Differences</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(TLBRT) and can manually adjustinsulin delivery (change basal ratesand deliver insulin boluses) whenTidepool Loop is active.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(DLBRT) and can manually adjustinsulin delivery (change basal ratesand deliver insulin boluses) whenDEKA Loop is active.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Algorithm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hybrid Closed Loop - predictivecontrol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hybrid Closed Loop  predictivecontrol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible iCGM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexcom G6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexcom G6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible ACEPump</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">An ACE pump that has thespecifications and meets the pre-specified acceptance criteria forsoftware, cybersecurity, deviceinteroperability, human factors,labeling, and training materials asdescribed in SOP-0016, "TidepoolLoop Connected Device Integrationand Validation Process and Plan,"and SOP-0018, "Tidepool LoopRegulatory Determination Process."Tidepool Loop must not bedistributed until the pre-specifiedacceptance criteria in the SOPs aremet.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DEKA ACE Pump System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalent. Both requirecleared ACE Pumps. In theDEKA ACE Pump System,the integration aspects of thepredicate device areaddressed by embeddingDEKA Loop into the DEKAACE Pump System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Design orMaterial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tidepool Loop is a mobileapplication and a Software asMedical Device (SaMD) installedon a host mobile device.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DEKA Loop is embedded in theDEKA ACE Pump. The userinterface for DEKA Loop is theDEKA Loop App iOS application.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalent. DEKA Loop isembedded in the DEKAACE pump instead of a hostmobile device. The userinterface for both systems isan iOS application. Both thesubject and predicate deviceshave equivalent risks andmitigations for each use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Explanation of Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">profile. No new or modifiedrisks.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Algorithm Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iPhone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DEKA ACE Pump System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalent. Both the subjectand predicate devices haveequivalent risks andmitigations for each useprofile. No new or modifiedrisks.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Insulin Compatibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Novolog or Humalog U-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Novolog or Humalog U-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Functional Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User-controlled TargetRange Settings</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Customizable settingsCorrection Range:87 - 180 mg/dLPre-Meal Range:Glucose Safety Limit (which can beset from 67-110 mg/dL) - 130mg/dLWorkout Range: the higher of 87mg/dL or the Glucose Safety Limit(which can be set from 67-110mg/dL) - 250 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Customizable settingsCorrection Range:87 - 180 mg/dLPre-Meal Range:Glucose Safety Limit (which can beset from 67-110 mg/dL) - 130mg/dLWorkout Range: the higher of 87mg/dL or the Glucose Safety Limit(which can be set from 67-110mg/dL) - 250 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Auto-populating bolusrecommendationbased on iCGM value:In closed loopmodeIn open loopmode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YesNo</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YesNo</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data List and Logging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Daily ActivityRecords</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Average Data Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Changing PumpSettings</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Invite others to viewdata throughauthorization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Password Required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Performance Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bench Performance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tidepool Loop performance wasverified and validated throughsoftware verification testing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DEKA Loop performance wasverified and validated throughsoftware verification testing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Performance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tidepool Loop clinical performanceis supported by representative 1,250participants in a 15 months durationreal-world, observational, singlearm study of DIY Loop includingboth pediatric and adult participants.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In silico testing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalent. In silico testingproves that the DEKA Loopalgorithm is clinicallyequivalent to the TidepoolLoop Algorithm.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Risk Assessment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tidepool Loop performed RiskAssessment including detailedhazard analysis based on ISO14971.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DEKA Loop performed RiskAssessment including detailedhazard analysis based on ISO14971.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labeling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Training</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tidepool Loop includes mandatoryin-app learning and setup (usertraining) before the user can useTidepool Loop.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Training of features related toDEKA Loop is associated with theDEKA ACE Pump System.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalent.Training on featuresassociated with theintegration of DEKA Loopwithin the DEKA ACE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pump System and the impacton safety and effectivenesswere evaluated throughHuman Factors testing andfound to have no impact.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Guide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tidepool Loop electronic UserGuide also includes all specialcontrols, clinical performanceinformation and other informationneeded per cybersecurity andinteroperability requirements.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labeling related to DEKA Loop isassociated with the DEKA ACEPump System.The DEKA ACE Pump System userguide includes all special controls,clinical performance informationand other information needed percybersecurity and interoperabilityrequirements.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalent.</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

DEKA Loop is substantially equivalent to the predicate Tidepool Loop cleared in K203689. The differences, summarized in this submission, do not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness. The performance of the device is supported by DEKA’s design control process which included non-clinical testing and risk management activities. The device meets all Special Controls for this product type as required by 21 CFR 862.1356 for interoperable Automated Glycemic Controllers, Product Code QJI.