October 16, 2024

Abbott Laboratories Diagnostics Division   
Bryant Tate   
Manager of Regulatory Affairs   
1915 Hurd Drive, Department RA11, Building LC 8 - 4th Floor MS 8-9   
Irving, Texas 75038

Re: K240468 Trade/Device Name: Alkaline Phosphatase Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1050 Regulation Name: Alkaline Phosphatase Or Isoenzymes Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CJE Dated: September 16, 2024 Received: September 16, 2024

Dear Bryant Tate:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and   
Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 07/31/2026 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K240468</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name Alkaline Phosphatase</td><td></td></tr></table>

The Alkaline Phosphatase assay is used for the quantitation of alkaline phosphatase in human serum or plasma.

Measurements of alkaline phosphatase or its isoenzymes are to be used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, bone, parathyroid, and intestinal diseases.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

# I. 510(k) Number

K240468

# II. Applicant Name

Abbott Laboratories Diagnostics Division   
1915 Hurd Drive   
Department RA11, Building LC 8 - 4th Floor MS 8-9   
Irving, TX 75038   
United States

Primary contact person for all communications:

Bryant Tate, Manager of Regulatory Affairs Abbott Laboratories, Core Diagnostics bryant.tate@abbott.com Primary Phone (214) 862-6620 Alternate Phone (972) 518-6260

Secondary contact person for all communications:

Jacek Gorzowski, Director of Regulatory Affairs   
Abbott Laboratories, Core Diagnostics   
jacek.gorzowski@abbott.com   
Phone (224) 668-1740

Date Summary Prepared: October 16, 2024

# III. Device Name

Device Trade Name: Alkaline Phosphatase

Common Name: Alkaline phosphatase or isoenzymes test system   
Classification Name: Nitrophenylphosphate, Alkaline Phosphatase Or Isoenzymes   
Governing Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 0 5 0$   
Product Code: CJE

# IV. Legally Marketed Predicate Device

Predicate Number: K023807   
Predicate Trade Name: Alkaline Phosphatase   
Product Code: CJE

# V. Device Description Summary

The Alkaline Phosphatase assay is an automated clinical chemistry assay.

Alkaline phosphatase in the sample catalyzes the hydrolysis of colorless p-nitrophenyl phosphate (p-NPP) to give p-nitrophenol and inorganic phosphate. At the pH of the assay (alkaline), the p-nitrophenol is in the yellow phenoxide form. The rate of absorbance increase at $4 0 4 \mathrm { n m }$ is directly proportional to the alkaline phosphatase activity in the sample. Optimized concentrations of zinc and magnesium ions are present to activate the alkaline phosphatase in the sample.

The kit configurations of the Alkaline Phosphatase reagent kits are described below.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>List Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7D55-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7D55-32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimated tests per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,500*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11,358*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1 (R1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 21 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 x 84 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 2 (R2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 9 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 x 26 mL</td></tr></table>

\*Calculation is based on the minimum reagent fill volume per kit.

<table><tr><td>Reactive Ingredients</td><td>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>R1</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2-amino-2-methylpropanol</td><td>&gt; 1.2 mol/L</td></tr><tr><td>Magnesium</td><td>&gt; 7.2 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td>Zinc sulfate</td><td>&gt; 3.6 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td>HEDTA</td><td>&gt; 7.2 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td>R2</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>4-nitrophenyl phosphate</td><td>&gt; 171.6 mmol/L</td></tr></table>

# VI. Intended Use/Indications for Use

The Alkaline Phosphatase assay is used for the quantitation of alkaline phosphatase in human serum or plasma.

Measurements of alkaline phosphatase or its isoenzymes are to be used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, bone, parathyroid, and intestinal diseases.

# VII. Technological Comparison

The similarities and differences between the subject device (Alkaline Phosphatase) and the predicate device (Alkaline Phosphatase [k023807]) are presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device:Alkaline Phosphatase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cleared Predicate Device:Alkaline PhosphataseSpecial 510(k) k023807</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARCHITECT c8000 instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use andIndications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Alkaline Phosphatase assay isused for the quantitation of alkalinephosphatase in human serum orplasma.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Para-nitrophenyl phosphate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum or plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Principle /Principle ofProcedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Several substrates have been used tomeasure alkaline phosphatase activitysuch as glycerophosphate,'1 phenylphosphate,1 and p-nitrophenylphosphate.2 Bowers and McComb3improved the method of Bessey et al.to include a kinetic measurement.Tietz et al.4 optimized this method to</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Subject Device:Alkaline Phosphatase</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Cleared Predicate Device:Alkaline PhosphataseSpecial 510(k) k023807</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">include a chelated metal-ion buffer ofzinc, magnesium, and HEDTA. ThisAlkaline Phosphatase procedure is amodification of this method. Alkalinephosphatase in the sample catalyzesthe hydrolysis of colorlessp-nitrophenyl phosphate (p-NPP) togive p-nitrophenol and inorganicphosphate. At the pH of the assay(alkaline), the p-nitrophenol is in theyellow phenoxide form. The rate ofabsorbance increase at 404 nm isdirectly proportional to the alkalinephosphatase activity in the sample.Optimized concentrations of zinc andmagnesium ions are present to activatethe alkaline phosphatase in the sample.</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use of Calibrators</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use of Controls</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Differences</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LegalManufacturer</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Abbott GmbH &amp; Co. KGMax-Planck-Ring 265205 WiesbadenGermany</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Abbott LaboratoriesAbbott Park, IL 60064, USA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">R2 ReagentFormulation</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="8">Ingredients           Concentration4-nitrophenyl phosphate    &gt; 171.6 mmol/LTris hydroxymethyl           1.12%aminomethaneSodium Chloride           0.001%4-Hydroxybenzoic acid         5.6%Proclin 300             0.5 g/LProclin 950              1 g/L</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ingredients</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ingredients</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-nitrophenyl phosphate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt; 171.6 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-nitrophenyl phosphate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt; 171.6 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tris hydroxymethylaminomethane</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.12%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tris hydroxymethylaminomethane</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.12%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Hydroxybenzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Hydroxybenzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proclin 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 g/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proclin 950</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 g/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent KitComponents</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Reagent Kit (List Number 7D55-32)Reagent 1 (R1) 10 x 84 mLReagent 2 (R2) 10 x 26 mLEstimated tests per kit: 11,358Reagent Kit (List Number 7D55-22)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reagent Kit (List Number 7D55-20)Reagent 1 (R1) 10 x 84 mLReagent 2 (R2) 10 x 35 mLEstimated tests per kit:11,358Reagent Kit (List Number 7D55-30)</td></tr></table>

k240468 Alkaline Phosphatase Special 510(k) 510(k) Summary Page 4 of 6

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device:Alkaline Phosphatase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cleared Predicate Device:Alkaline PhosphataseSpecial 510(k) k023807</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1 (R1) 5 x 21 mLReagent 2 (R2) 5 x 9 mLEstimated tests per kit: 1,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1 (R1) 5 x 48 mLReagent 2 (R2) 5 x 22 mLEstimated tests per kit: 3,165</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Parameters,Assay VolumeRequirements</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1         R2Reagent volume:   60         20Water volume:      125       45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1         R2Reagent volume:   60         20Water volume:      170       0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower Limits ofMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection: 5.0 U/LLimit of Quantitation: 5.0 U/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection: 1.9 U/LLimit of Quantitation: 5.0 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-BoardStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 Days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 Days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tube Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum:- Serum tubes- Serum separator tubesPlasma:- Lithium heparin tubes- Lithium heparin separator tubes- Sodium heparin tubes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum:- Serum tubes- Serum separator tubesPlasma:- Lithium heparin tubes- Ammonium heparin- Sodium heparin tubes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear up to 2,200 U/L (2343 U/Lusing IFCC factor)Flex Rate Linearity is 4555 U/L(4851 U/L using IFCC factor)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear up to 2200 U/LFlex Rate Linearity up to4555 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Molar extinction of p-nitrophenol(non-IFCC method)IFCC* reference method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Molar extinction of p-nitrophenol (non-IFCC method)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor Method (calibration factor of2150, original, or 2290, traceable toIFCC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor Method (calibration factorof 2150)</td></tr></table>

\* $\mathrm { I F C C = }$ International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine

# VIII. Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions

The Alkaline Phosphatase assay, evaluated using the optional calibration factor of 2290 on the ARCHITECT c System, met the pre-defined product requirements for all characteristics evaluated in the verification studies

The IFCC calibration factor (2290) represents only a mathematical factor change from the non-IFCC factor. Use of the IFCC calibration factor results in a $6 . 5 \%$ increase in reported results throughout the measurement range of the assay when compared to the unmodified predicate device. A shift of $6 . 5 \%$ is within the acceptable assay bias specifications (up to $+ / - 1 0 \%$ ) and thus does not have a potential to cause incorrect results. Furthermore, since the IFCC calibration factor is optional, it requires the customer to manually change the calibration factor parameter in the instrument, so the customer would be aware when they switched to using the IFCC calibration factor and would therefore be aware of the potential shift in results.

In addition to the implementation of the optional IFCC-based calibration factor, several other changes were made to the device since its clearance in 2002. Abbott performed a comprehensive risk-based assessment for each of the changes listed in the Alkaline Phosphatase Special 510(k) (K240468). The assessment includes all risks associated with each device modification, risk control measures to mitigate each identified risk, and the verification and/or validation activities required (including a summary of test methods, acceptance criteria, results, and why each is adequate to support substantial equivalence). The risk control measures show that the accumulated modifications did not impact the performance of the device. In conclusion, the modified device is therefore deemed to be substantially equivalent to the predicate device (cleared under K023807) as demonstrated by results obtained in the studies.