Radiometer Medicals ApS   
Andrea Swingle   
Senior Specialist, Regulatory Affairs   
Aakandevej 21   
2700 Broenshoej   
Denmark

Re: K240998 Trade/Device Name: ABL90 FLEX PLUS System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1120 Regulation Name: Blood Gases (PCO2, PO2) and Blood pH Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CHL, GKR, GHS Dated: November 15, 2024 Received: November 15, 2024

Dear Andrea Swingle:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Deputy Division Director   
Division of Chemistry and   
Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K240998

Device Name ABL90 FLEX PLUS System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System is an in vitro diagnostic, portable, automated analyzer that quantitatively measures $\mathsf { p H }$ , blood gas (pO2), Oximetry (sO2, ctHb, FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb, and FHHb), in heparinized arterial and venous whole blood. The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient, or point-of-care setting.   
These tests are only performed under a physician's order.

pH and pO2: pH and pO2 measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances sO2: Oxygen saturation, more specifically the ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus reduced hemoglobin.

ctHb (Total Hemoglobin): Total hemoglobin measurements are used to measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood for the detection of anemia.

FO2Hb: Oxyhemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

FCOHb: Carboxyhemoglobin measurements are used to determine the carboxyhemoglobin content of human blood as an aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning.

FMetHb: Methemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

FHHb: Reduced hemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary – K240998

The information provided in this 510(k) summary are in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92

Submitter Information:

Company Name: ER Number: Address:

Radiometer Medical ApS   
3002807968   
Aakandevej 21   
2700 Broenshoej   
Denmark   
Hsiao-Qing Chow   
$+ 4 5$ 31401578

Contact Person: Phone:

Application Correspondent:

Name: Function: Email: Phone:

Andrea Swingle   
Senior Specialist, Regulatory Affairs   
andrea.swingle@radiometeramerica.com   
$+ 1$ 510 246 2559

Date prepared: December 13, 2024

Device Information

Device Trade Name: Common Name: Regulations:

ABL90 FLEX PLUS System   
Blood Gas Analyzer   
- 21 CFR 862.1120, Blood gases (pCO2, pO2) and blood pH test system   
- 21 CFR 864.5620, Automated hemoglobin system   
- 21 CFR 864.7425, Carboxyhemoglobin assay   
CHL, GKR, GHS   
Class II

Product Codes: Device Class:

Predicate Device

Device Trade Name:   
Common Name:   
510(k)   
Regulations:   
ABL90 FLEX PLUS   
Blood Gas Analyzer   
K160153   
- 21 CFR 862.1120, Blood gases $( p C O _ { 2 } , p O _ { 2 } )$ and blood pH test system   
- 21 CFR 864.5620, Automated hemoglobin system   
- 21 CFR 864.7425, Carboxyhemoglobin assay   
CHL, GKR, GHS   
Class II   
CHL Clinical Chemistry; GKR and GHS: Hematology

Product Codes: Device Class: Classification Panels:

Device Description

The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System consists of the ABL90 FLEX PLUS analyzer, sensor cassette and solution pack consumables, and related accessories for the analyzers. The sensor cassettes, solution packs and related accessories are compatible with both analyzers. Multiple versions of the sensor cassettes are available. The sensor cassette versions vary in the maximum number of tests and availability of sensors for use. The solution pack is available in two versions, differing in the number of activities available.

Intended Use

The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System is an in vitro diagnostic, portable, automated analyzer that quantitatively measures pH, blood gas (pO2), Oximetry (sO2, ctHb, FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb, and FHHb), in heparinized arterial and venous whole blood.

The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient, or point-of-care setting.

These tests are only performed under a physician's order.

pH and pO2: pH and pO2 measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lifethreatening acid-base disturbances.

sO2: Oxygen saturation, more specifically the ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus reduced hemoglobin.

ctHb (Total Hemoglobin): Total hemoglobin measurements are used to measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood for the detection of anemia.

FO2Hb: Oxyhemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

FCOHb: Carboxyhemoglobin measurements are used to determine the carboxyhemoglobin content of human blood as an aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning.

FMetHb: Methemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

FHHb: Reduced hemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

Substantial equivalence comparison table   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABL90 FLEX PLUS System(This 510(k))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABL90 FLEX PLUS(510(k) K160153)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Radiometer Medical</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Radiometer Medical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System is anIn Vitro diagnostic, portable,automated analyzer thatquantitatively measures, pH, bloodgases (pO2), Oximetry (sO2, ctHb,FOHb, FCOHb, FMetHb, and FHHb),in heparinized arterial and venouswhole blood.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ABL90 FLEX analyzer is an InVitro diagnostic, portable, automatedanalyzer that quantitativelymeasures, pH, blood gases,electrolytes, glucose, lactate andoximetry in heparinized whole blood,and neonatal bilirubin in heparinizedcapillary, venous and arterial wholeblood.Bilirubin measurements on the ABL90FLEX PLUS analyzer are intended toaid in assessing the risk ofkernicterus in neonates.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement of pH, pO2, sO2, ctHb,FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb, and FHHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement of pH, pO2, sO2, ctHb,FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb, and FHHb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended useenvironment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laboratory environment, near patientor point-of-care setting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laboratory environment, near patientor point-of-care setting</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription/OTCUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Sample requirements</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparinized whole blood (arterial,venous)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparinized whole blood (arterial,venous, capillary)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatiblesampling devices</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Radiometer samplers (in S65 mode)and non-Radiometer samplers (in S65mode)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Radiometer samplers (in S65 mode)and non-Radiometer samplers (in S65mode)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samplepreparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">With balanced heparin anticoagulant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">With balanced heparin anticoagulant</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Device design</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Operatingprinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry: pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry: pH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical: pO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical: pO2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spectrophotometry: sO2, ctHb,FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb, and FHHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spectrophotometry: sO2, ctHb,FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb, and FHHb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Majorcomponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0   Touch screenBarcode readerSample mixerInlet moduleFluid transport systemOximetry moduleElectronicsSoftwarePrinterOptional battery packCommunication ports</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch screenBarcode readerSample mixerInlet moduleFluid transport systemOximetry moduleElectronicsSoftwarePrinterOptional battery packCommunication ports</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Consumables</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Sensor cassette•  Solution pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Sensor cassette•  Solution pack</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Performance characteristics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Reportableranges</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH:      6.818 - 7.797</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH:      6.818 - 7.797</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2:    30.1 - 488 mmHg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2:    30.1 - 488 mmHg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">sO2:    3.3 - 100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">sO2:     3.3 - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ctHb:   0.1 - 24.0 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ctHb:   0.1 - 24.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FOHb: 3.3 - 98.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FOHb: 3.3 - 98.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FCOHb: 1.00 - 92.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FCOHb:1.00 - 92.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FMetHb:0.5 - 91%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FMetHb:1.0 - 91%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FHHb:  1.5 - 98.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FHHb:  2.4 - 98.5%</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Performance Testing Summary

The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System has been tested for analytical performance, including tests for linearity, limit of blank, detection and quantification, precision, bias, interference, stability. The tests were conducted in general accordance with Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) guidelines, all of which are FDA-recognized consensus standards.

# Linearity

Linearity testing was conducted in general accordance with CLSI EP06, Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures, $2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ Edition and EP39, A Hierarchical Approach to Selecting Surrogate Samples for the Evaluation of In Vitro Medical Laboratory Tests, $1 ^ { \mathsf { s t } }$ Edition. The resulting linearity intervals are listed in Table 1.

Table 1: Linearity results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ph</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.605-7.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81-75.41 kPa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ctHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.068-27.660 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.18-100.22 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FO2Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.18-98.96 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FCOHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54-95.79%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FMetHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49-95.61 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FHHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53-98.37 %</td></tr></table>

Detection

Detection capability testing in terms of limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD) and limit of quantitation (LoQ) was conducted. in general accordance with CLSI EP17-A2, Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures, and EP39, A Hierarchical Approach to Selecting Surrogate Samples for the Evaluation of In Vitro Medical Laboratory Tests, $1 ^ { \mathsf { s t } }$ Edition. Table 2 shows the results of the detection testing.

Table 2: Detection results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lower LoQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Upper LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6.754</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.843</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmHg</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>kPa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ctHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FHHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>sO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FO2Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FCOHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FMetHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td></tr></table>

N/A: Not applicable

# Precision

Two precision studies were performed; both were in general accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures.

Precision using stable, aqueous ampoule-based QC material

The primary endpoints of the study were repeatability and within laboratory precision for pooled across several sites. The secondary endpoint was reproducibility between sites. The sample material was Radiometer QUALICHECK5+ QC ampoules, a QC material that comes in four “levels”. Testing occurred at three external sites. Table 3 presents the data on the primary and secondary endpoints.

Table 3: Precision results using QC materials   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">QC ampoule</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within LabPrecision</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">FCOHb(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+L 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">FMetHb(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">QC ampoule</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within LabPrecision</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">FHHb(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">FO2Hb(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.066</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0034</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0034</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0038</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.390</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.582</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.784</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0037</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0037</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0041</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">pO2(mmHg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">154.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">310.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">sO2(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">ctHb(g/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC5+ L4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr></table>

N: Number of data points for analysis SD: Standard Deviation ${ \mathsf { C V } } \%$ : $\%$ Coefficient of Variation $\mathsf { Q C 5 } + \mathsf { L } \mathsf { X } \colon$ QUALICHECK5+ Level $\pmb { \times }$

Precision using blood

The primary endpoint of the study was repeatability, designated $S D$ , pooled across sites. Two levels of concentration were covered for all parameters. Testing was conducted in both samples collection modes: syringe/S65 mode and short probe/SP65 mode. Table 4 summarize the results of the study.

Table 4: Precision results using whole blood   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tabie 4: Precision resu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ts using w</td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter (unit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Test interval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65 Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">pH (pH unit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.9 - &lt;7.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.141</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.2 -&lt;7.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.298</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.35 - &lt;7.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.405</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.45 - &lt;7.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.480</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">pO2 (mmHg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.1- &lt;60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.904</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.252</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">114</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 -&lt;83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73.424</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.031</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.40</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83 - &lt;108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.771</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.198</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108 - &lt;150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">124.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.850</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.68</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ctHb (g/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.750 - 7.950</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.533</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.082</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">184</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.050 - 13.250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.784</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.083</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.77</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.550 - 17.150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.941</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.077</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">sO2 (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3-&lt;80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64.221</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.890</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.39</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 -&lt;94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.767</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.147</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">158</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94 - &lt;100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.934</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">FO2Hb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3-&lt;80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63.215</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.918</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 - &lt;94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.677</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94 - &lt;98.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.083</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.165</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">FMetHb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 - &lt;1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.797</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.070</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.73</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5-&lt;20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.825</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.050</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 -&lt;50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.667</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.058</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">FCOHb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">162</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-&lt;5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.059</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-&lt;35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.733</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.058</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35-&lt;50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.492</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.065</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">FHHb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5- &lt;5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.876</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.198</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.87</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 -&lt;40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.297</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.860</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.84</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40-&lt;70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53.350</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.158</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65 Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">pH (pH unit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.9- &lt;7.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.2 -&lt;7.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.302</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.35 - &lt;7.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.402</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.45 - &lt;7.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.482</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">pO2 (mmHg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.1 - &lt;60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42.322</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.197</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.47</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 -&lt;83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73.383</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.842</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83 - &lt;108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.136</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.343</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.47</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108 - &lt;150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">121.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.204</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.99</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ctHb (g/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5-&lt;8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.456</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.066</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.89</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">188</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 - &lt;13.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.598</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.091</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.5 - &lt;17.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.931</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.069</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.46</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">sO2 (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3- &lt;80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.644</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.282</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 - &lt;94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.858</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.203</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.22</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">155</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94-&lt;100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.234</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">FO2Hb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3- &lt;80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61.633</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.306</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 -&lt;94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.763</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.181</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94 - &lt;98.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.327</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.185</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">FMetHb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 - &lt;1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.777</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.070</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.04</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5-&lt;20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.825</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.050</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-&lt;50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.575</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.050</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">FCOHb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">156</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-&lt;5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.317</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.063</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.78</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-&lt;35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.683</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.041</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35-&lt;50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.367</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.058</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FHHb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 - &lt;5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.045</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.248</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter (unit)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Test interval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 - &lt;40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.060</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.292</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.94</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 - &lt;70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51.963</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.26</td></tr></table>

N: Number of data points for analysis Test interval: Range of values studied SD: Standard Deviation ${ \mathsf { C V } } \%$ : $\%$ Coefficient of Variation

# Method comparison

Bias was determined by conducting a method comparison study in general accordance with CLSI EP09c, $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Edition, Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples. The comparator device was the ABL90 FLEX PLUS analyzer as it was designed at the time of the clearance of K160153, in terms of its characteristics related to analytical performance. Testing was conducted using both arterial and venous blood, and in both samples collection modes: syringe/S65 mode and short probe/SP65 mode. Analysis was performed by linear regression over the reportable range. Results are presented in Table 5 and Table 6.

Table 5: Method comparison results using reportable ranges specified in the protocol   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bloodtype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Min-max</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R{²</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medicaldecisionpoint</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bias atMD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">pO2(mmHg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">222</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.7-476</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.995</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">83.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.344</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.5-471</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.065</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.119</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">V</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">191</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.1-476</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.044</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.994</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.454</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.1-471</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.194</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.128</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">pHpHscale)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">226</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.848-7.797</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">7.350</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">220</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.843-7.796</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.025</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.996</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">V</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">235</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.848-7.797</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.997</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.843-7.796</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">sO2(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">213</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.235</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">94.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.193</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">204</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.033</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.280</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">V</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">222</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3-99.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.078</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.083</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">212</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.040</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">FO2Hb(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">202</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3-98.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.319</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">94.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.235</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4-98.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.075</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.210</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">V</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">222</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3-98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.136</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">213</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4-98.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.083</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.997</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.180</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">FHHb(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4-95.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.041</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">10.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.011</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4-95.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.159</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.156</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">V</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">220</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1-95.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.051</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.056</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">211</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8-95.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">FCOHb(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-87.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.237</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">10.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.223</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">123</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-90.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.359</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.993</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.429</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">V</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">197</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-87.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.394</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.360</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-90.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.409</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.994</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.474</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bloodtype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Min-max</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R{2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medicaldecisionpoint</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bias atMD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">FMetHb(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5-86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.239</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1.500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.227</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5-86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.316</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.298</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">V</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5-86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.209</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.198</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SP65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5-86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.222</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.206</td></tr></table>

A: Arterial V: Venous Min-max: Range of values measured

Table 6: Method comparison results, arterial and venous combined, additional medical decision levels   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medicaldecisionpoint</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bias at MD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">S65 Mode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">COHb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">322</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">-0.332</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">1.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.307</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.271</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.028</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">HHb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">338</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">-0.023</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">1.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.009</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.013</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">MetHb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">-0.229</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">1.008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.217</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.075</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.290</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">O2Hb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">411</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">-0.492</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.160</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.063</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">pH (pH scale)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">442</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.997</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.350</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">p02 (mmHg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">401</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.111</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.031</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">s02 (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">422</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">-0.441</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.134</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.048</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">tHb (g/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">427</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.994</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.068</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.126</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">SP65 Mode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">COHb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">305</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">-0.394</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0.993</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.462</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.564</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.045</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">HHb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">318</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">-0.117</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">1.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.089</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.103</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.169</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">MetHb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">-0.290</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">1.012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.272</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.055</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.259</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">O2Hb (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">393</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">-0.381</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.123</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.048</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">pH (pH scale)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">427</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.023</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.996</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.350</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">p02 (mmHg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">396</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">-0.166</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.042</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.105</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">s02 (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">404</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">-0.395</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.212</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.122</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">tHb (g/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">412</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.069</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.996</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.076</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.084</td></tr></table>

# Interference

Interfering substances were evaluated based on testing conducted in general accordance with CLSI, EP07, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Edition, and CLSI EP37, Supplemental Tables for Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, $1 ^ { \mathsf { s t } }$ Edition. The interference testing consists of two parts: paired-difference and dose-response studies. The paired-difference study was conducted on a large panel of likely interferents, using clinically significant amount of the interferents. Dose-response studies were only conducted in cases where a clinically significant interferent effect was noted during the paired different study. Table 7 summarizes the testing that was performed. Specific values for level of interference are described in Table 8.

Table 7: Interference testing   

<table><tr><td colspan="9" rowspan="1">Interferent                 pH     pO2   tHb   sO2   FO2Hb  FHHb FCOHb  FMetHb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin (unconj)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin (conj)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propofol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium @ high level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium @ high level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium @ high level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH @ low level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH @ high level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Betacarotene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">—</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">—</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cardio green = indocyanine green</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyanocobalamin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Evans Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HiCN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">—</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">—</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxo-cobalamine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">—</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">—</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="9" rowspan="1">Interferent                pH    pO2   tHb   SO2   FO2Hb  FHHb FCOHb  FMetHb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patent Blue V = sulphan Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rifampicin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Nitroprusside dihydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglyceride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">—</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HbF (fetal hemoglobin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoroescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">—</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr></table>

# Key

No clinically significant interference - Clinically significant interference X Interferent not relevant to be tested for this parameter

Table 8: Interference values   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maximum testconcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Highestconcentration levelwhere interferencewas not significant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Impact on result formaximum testconcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">ctHb (test level: 10 g/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyanocobalamin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.44 g/dL *</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.72 g/dL *</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HiCN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 g/dL *</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxo-cobalaminehydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.66 g/dL *</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1600 mg/dL;No measurementresult reported above1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error message"Turbidity too high."</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-3.94 g/dL *</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.86 g/dL **</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGellowb</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">ctHb (test level: 20 g/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyanocobalamin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.81 g/dL *</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.95 g/dL *</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HiCN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 g/dL *</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxo-cobalaminehydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.66 g/dL *</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1600 mg/dL;No measurementresult reported above1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error message"Turbidity too high."</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-4.15 g/dL *</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.38 g/dL **</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">sO (test level: 90%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-5.62%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HiCN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-13%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1600 mg/dL;No measurementresult reported above1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error message"Turbidity too high."</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.36%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">sO2 (test level: 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-6.58%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HiCN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-14%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1600 mg/dL;No measurementresult reported above1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error messageTurbidity too high."</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.40%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">FO2Hb (test level: 90%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyanocobalamin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-7.1%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HiCN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-37%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxo-cobalaminehydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-14.7%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1600 mg/dL;No measurementresult reported above1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error message"Turbidity too high."</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.0%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-7.9%**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FO2Hb (test level: 100%)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyanocobalamin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-8.5%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.16%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HiCN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-40%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxo-cobalaminehydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-16.7%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1600 mg/dL;No measurementresult reported above1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error message"Turbidity too high."</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.3%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-14.6%**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">FHHb (test level: 2.4%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin (unconj)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.684 mmol/L40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.26%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin (conj)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.475 mmol/L40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.44%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cardio green (indocyanine green)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.16%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.68%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HiCN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.9%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxo-cobalaminehydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.88%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800 mg/dL;No measurementresult reported above1600 mg/dL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error messageTurbidity too high."</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-4.44%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patent Blue V (sulphan Blue)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.78%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.5%**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium nitroprusside dihydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87 μg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.08%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglyceride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.42%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">FHHb (test level: 10%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin (unconj)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.684 mmol/L40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17 mmol/L10 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.82%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin (conj)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.475 mmol/L40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06 mmol/L5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.88%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cardio green (indocyanine green)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.34%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HiCN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.1%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxo-cobalaminehydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.26%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1200 mg/dL;No measurementresult reported above1600 mg/dL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error message"Turbidity too high."</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.58%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patent Blue V (sulphan Blue)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.2%**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium nitroprusside dihydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87 μg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22 μg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.52%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglyceride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">FCOHb (test level: 1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyanocobalamin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-10.64%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HiCN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1600 mg/dL;No measurementresult reported above1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error message"Turbidity too high."</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.64%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.08%**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">FCOHb (test level: 10%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyanocobalamin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.75 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-10.84%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HiCN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1600 mg/d;LNo measurementresult reported above1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error message"Turbidity too high."</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.88%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58%**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">FMetHb (test level: 1.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cardio green (indocyanine green)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.48%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyanocobalamin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.44%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-9.88%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HiCN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxo-cobalaminehydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.1%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1200 mg/dLNo measurementresult reported above1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error message"Turbidity too high."</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-33%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.96%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH high</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.76%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.7%**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglyceride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.96%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">FMetHb (test level: 10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGYellowb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cardio green (indocyanine green)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.26%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyanocobalamin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.28%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-11.2%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HiCN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxo-cobalaminehydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.3%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1600 mg/dL;No measurementresult reported above1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Error message"Turbidity too high."</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-35%*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference below7.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH high</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference above7.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.52%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-5.8%**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglyceride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.82%</td></tr></table>

\* The result at maximum test concentration is marked with error message $\ " 0 \times \mathtt { I }$ spectrum mismatch” $^ { * * }$ The result at maximum test concentration is marked with error message “Warning, SHb detected”

# Conclusion

The results above demonstrate the acceptable analytical performance of the ABL90 FLEX PLUS System and its substantial equivalence to its predicate.