Radiometer Medicals ApS   
Andrea Swingle   
Senior Specialist, Regulatory Affairs   
Åkandevej 21   
2700 Brønshøj   
Denmark

Re: K241037 Trade/Device Name: ABL90 FLEX PLUS System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1600 Regulation Name: Potassium Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CEM, JGS, JFP, CGA, KHP Dated: December 10, 2024 Received: December 10, 2024

Dear Andrea Swingle:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Deputy Division Director   
Division of Chemistry and   
Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name ABL90 FLEX PLUS System

The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System is an in vitro diagnostic, portable, automated analyzer that quantitatively measures electrolytes $\mathrm { ( c K ^ { + } }$ , $\mathrm { c N a + }$ , $\mathsf { c C a 2 + }$ ), glucose, and lactate in heparinized arterial and venous whole blood.

The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient, or point-of-care setting.   
These tests are only performed under a physician's order.

Potassium $\left( \mathrm { c K ^ { + } } \right)$ : Potassium measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

Sodium $\left( \mathrm { c N a + } \right)$ : Sodium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

Calcium $( \mathsf { c } \mathsf { C } \mathsf { a } 2 + )$ : Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bon diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.

Glucose (cGlu): Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

Lactate (cLac): The lactate measurements measure the concentration of lactate. Lactate measurements are used to evaluat the acid-base status and are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lactic acidosis (abnormally high acidity of the blood).

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary – K240137

The information provided in this 510(k) summary are in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92

Submitter Information:

Company Name: ER Number: Address:

Radiometer Medical ApS   
3002807968   
Aakandevej 21   
2700 Broenshoej   
Denmark   
Hsiao-Qing Chow   
$+ 4 5$ 31401578

Contact Person: Phone:

Application Correspondent:

Name: Function: Email: Phone:

Andrea Swingle   
Senior Specialist, Regulatory Affairs   
andrea.swingle@radiometeramerica.com   
$+ 1$ 510 246 2559

Date prepared: January 14, 2024

Device Information

Device Trade Name: Common Name: Regulations:

ABL90 FLEX PLUS System   
Blood Gas Analyzer   
- 21 CFR 862.1600, Potassium test system - 21 CFR 862.1665, Sodium test system 21 CFR 862.1145, Calcium test system - 21 CFR 862.1345, Glucose test system - 21 CFR 862.1450, Lactic acid test system CEM, JGS, JFP, CGA, KHP   
Class I for KHP; All others: Class II   
Clinical Chemistry

Product Codes: Device Class: Classification Panel:

Predicate Device

Device Trade Name:   
Common Name:   
510(k)   
Regulations: ABL90 FLEX   
Blood Gas Analyzer   
K092686   
- 21 CFR 862.1600, Potassium test system - 21 CFR 862.1665, Sodium test system - 21 CFR 862.1145, Calcium test system - 21 CFR 862.1345, Glucose test system 21 CFR 862.1450, Lactic acid test system

Product Codes: CEM, JGS, JFP, CGA, KHP Device Class: Class I for KHP; All others: Class II Classification Panels: Clinical Chemistry

Device Description

The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System consists of the ABL90 FLEX PLUS analyzer, sensor cassette and solution pack consumables, and related accessories for the analyzers. The ABL90 FLEX PLUS is a portable, automated system intended for in vitro testing of samples of balanced heparinized whole blood for electrolytes $( c \mathsf { K } ^ { + } , c \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } , c \mathsf { C } \mathsf { a } ^ { 2 + } )$ , glucose, and lactate. The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System has an automated sample inlet mechanism, which can collect blood through two different measuring modes: the S65 syringe mode and the SP65 short probe mode.

Intended Use

The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System is an in vitro diagnostic, portable, automated analyzer that quantitatively measures electrolytes $( c \mathsf { K } ^ { + } , c \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } , c \mathsf { C a } ^ { 2 + } )$ , glucose, and lactate in heparinized arterial and venous whole blood.

The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient, or point-of-care setting.

These tests are only performed under a physician's order.

Potassium $( C { \sf K } ^ { + } )$ : Potassium measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

Sodium $\big ( C \mathsf { N } \mathsf { a } ^ { + } \big )$ : Sodium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease, dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

Calcium $( c \mathsf { C } \mathsf { a } ^ { 2 + } )$ : Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.

Glucose (cGlu): Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

Lactate (cLac): The lactate measurements measure the concentration of lactate. Lactate measurements are used to evaluate the acid-base status and are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lactic acidosis (abnormally high acidity of the blood).

# Substantial Equivalence Comparison

Substantial equivalence comparison table   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substantial equivale</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABL90 FLEX PLUS System(This 510(k))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABL90 FLEX(510(k) K092686)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Radiometer Medical ApS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Radiometer Medical ApS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System is an invitro diagnostic, portable, automatedanalyzer that quantitatively measureselectrolytes (ck+, cNa+, cCa²+),glucose, and lactate in heparinizedarterial and venous whole blood.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ABL90 FLEX is a portable,automated analyzer that measurespH, blood gases, electrolytes,glucose, lactate and oximetry inheparinized whole blood. The ABL90FLEX is intended for use by trainedtechnologists, nurses, physicians andtherapists. It is intended for use in alaboratory environment, near patientor point-of-care setting.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement of cK+, cNa+, cCa2²+,cGlu and cLac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement of cK+, cNa+, cCa2+,cGlu and cLac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended useenvironment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laboratory environment, near patientor point-of-care setting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laboratory environment, near patientor point-of-care setting</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription/OTCUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Sample requirements</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparinized whole blood (arterial,venous</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparinized whole blood (arterial,venous)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatiblesampling devices</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Radiometer samplers (in S65 mode)and non-Radiometer samplers (inSP65 mode)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Radiometer samplers and non-Radiometer samplers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samplepreparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">With balanced heparin anticoagulant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">With balanced heparin anticoagulant</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Device design</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Operatingprinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry: cK+, cNa+, cCa2+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentiometry: cK+, cNa+, cCa2+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry: cGlu and cLac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry: cGlu and cLac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Majorcomponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch screenBarcode readerSample mixerInlet moduleFluid transport systemOximetry moduleElectronicsSoftwarePrinterOptional battery packCommunication ports</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch screenBarcode readerSample mixerInlet moduleFluid transport systemOximetry moduleElectronicsSoftwarePrinterCommunication ports</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Consumables</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor cassetteSolution pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor cassetteSolution pack</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Performance characteristics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABL90 FLEX PLUS System(This 510(k))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABL90 FLEX(510(k) K092686)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Reportableranges</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cK+:     2.1 - 10.5 mEq/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cK+:     2.1 - 10.5 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cCa{2+:  2.00 - 9.94 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cCa2+:  2.00 - 9.92 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cNa+:   116 - 180 mEq/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cNa+:   116 - 180 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cGlu:    18 - 738 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cGlu:    9 - 738 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cLac:    4 - 216 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cLac:    4 - 216 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Performance Testing Summary

The ABL90 FLEX PLUS System has been tested for analytical performance, including tests for linearity, limit of blank, detection and quantification, precision, bias, interference, stability. The tests were conducted in general accordance with Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) guidelines, all of which are FDA-recognized consensus standards.

Linearity

Linearity testing was conducted in general accordance with CLSI EP06, Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures, $2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ Edition and EP39, A Hierarchical Approach to Selecting Surrogate Samples for the Evaluation of In Vitro Medical Laboratory Tests, $1 ^ { \mathsf { s t } }$ Edition. The resulting linearity intervals are listed in Table 1.

Table 1: Linearity results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter(unit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cCa{+(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00-9.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.896-11.146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.883</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.445</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cK+ (mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1-10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99-11.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cNa+(mEq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116-180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0-194.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.642</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cGlu(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-738</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.5-926.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cLac (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9-252.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.971</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.433</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td></tr></table>

Detection

Detection capability testing in terms of limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD) and limit of quantitation (LoQ) was conducted. in general accordance with CLSI EP17-A2, Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures, and EP39, A Hierarchical Approach to Selecting Surrogate Samples for the Evaluation of In Vitro Medical Laboratory Tests, $1 ^ { \mathsf { s t } }$ Edition. Table 2 shows the results of the detection testing.

Table 2: Detection results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoQ</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cCa^{+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cK+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mEq/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cNa+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mEq/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cGlu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.023</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cLac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr></table>

N/A: Not applicable

Precision

Two precision studies were performed; both were in general accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures.

Precision using stable, aqueous ampoule-based QC material

The primary endpoints of the study were repeatability and within laboratory precision for pooled across several sites. The secondary endpoint was reproducibility between sites. The sample material was Radiometer QUALICHECK5+ QC ampoules, a QC material that comes in four “levels”. Testing occurred at three external sites. Table 3 presents the data on the primary and secondary endpoints.

Table 3: Precision results using QC materials   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>QCampoule</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within LabPrecision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>cCa{2}+(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>cGlu(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>cK+(meq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>cLac(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>cNa+(meq/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC5+ L 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr></table>

N: Number of data points for analysis SD: Standard Deviation $C V \%$ : $\%$ Coefficient of Variation $\mathsf { Q C 5 + }$ L X: QUALICHECK5+ Level X

Precision using blood

The primary endpoint of the study was repeatability, designated $S D$ , pooled across sites. Two levels of concentration were covered for all parameters. Testing was conducted in both samples collection modes: syringe/S65 mode and short probe/SP65 mode. Table 4 summarizes the results of the study.

Table 4: Precision results using whole blood   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Test interval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">S65 Mode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Ca2+ (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.605 - &lt;3.407</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.165</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.23</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.407 - &lt;4.609</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.403</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">154</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.609 - &lt;5.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.826</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.17 - &lt;5.812</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.313</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">K+ (mEq/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 -&lt;3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.682</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 - &lt;3.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.185</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.22</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">202</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4 - &lt;4.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.908</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5 - &lt;6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.090</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Na+ (mEq/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">116-&lt;120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">117.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 - &lt;136</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.194</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">164</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136 - &lt;146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.194</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146 - &lt;155</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.161</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Glu (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23 - &lt;47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.275</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.316</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.79</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47 - &lt;65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49.150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.354</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.72</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 - &lt;200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.73</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 - &lt;595</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">262.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.221</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.85</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lac (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">178</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 - &lt;20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.264</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.231</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - &lt;27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.686</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.78</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27 - &lt;36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.236</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.379</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">SP65 Mode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Ca²2+ (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.605 - &lt;3.407</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.171</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.407 - &lt;4.609</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.389</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">156</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.609 - &lt;5.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.823</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.17 - &lt;5.812</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.258</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">K+ (mEq/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 - &lt;3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.673</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.026</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.96</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 - &lt;3.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.280</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">198</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4 - &lt;4.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.899</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.22</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5 - &lt;6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.031</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Na+ (mEq/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">116 -&lt;120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.061</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 - &lt;136</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.094</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136 - &lt;146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.083</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146 - &lt;155</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">149.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.091</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Glu (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23 - &lt;65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.583</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.52</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">194</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 - &lt;200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">138.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.098</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.79</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 - &lt;595</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">263.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.912</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lac (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">178</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 - &lt;20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.222</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.96</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - &lt;27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.818</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.235</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.03</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27 - &lt;36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.813</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.231</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75</td></tr></table>

N: Number of data points for analysis Test interval: Range of values studied SD: Standard Deviation $C V \%$ : $\%$ Coefficient of Variation

# Method comparison

Bias was determined by conducting a method comparison study in general accordance with CLSI EP09c, $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Edition, Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples. The comparator device was the ABL90 FLEX PLUS analyzer as it was designed at the time of the clearance of K160153, in terms of its characteristics related to analytical performance. Testing was conducted using both arterial and venous blood, and in both samples collection modes: syringe/S65 mode and short probe/SP65 mode. Analysis was performed by linear regression over the reportable range. Results are presented in Table 5 and Table 6.

Table 5: Method comparison results using reportable ranges specified in the protocol   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bloodtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min-max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Medicaldecisionpoint</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias atMD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>cNa+(meq/L)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117.2-179.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=3>136.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.287</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SP65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>218</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116.8-179.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.223</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117.2-179.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.242</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SP65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116.8-179.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.276</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.220</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>cK+(meq/L)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.12-10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=3>3.400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SP65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>218</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.11-10.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.12-10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SP65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.11-10.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.992</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>cCa^2+(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.114-9.791</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>4.600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SP65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.127-9.651</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.046</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>4.600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.114-9.791</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SP65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.127-9.651</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>cGlu(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.5-728.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.988</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=3>65.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.337</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SP65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.1-712.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.664</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.5-728.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.558</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SP65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.1-712.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.696</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>cLac(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1-209.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.053</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SP65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-209.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.093</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>18.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.119</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3-209.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.181</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SP65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3-209.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.208</td></tr></table>

A: Arterial V: Venous Min-max: Range of values measured

Table 6: Method comparison results, arterial and venous combined, additional medical decision level   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medicaldecisionpoint</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bias at MD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">S65</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Ca (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">437</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">-0.018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Glu (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">439</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.295</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.988</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.460</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.028</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">K (mEq/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">438</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.996</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.002</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Lac (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">436</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">-0.245</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.995</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.116</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.013</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Na (mEq/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">441</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">-0.077</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.265</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.290</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">SP65</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Ca (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">420</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">-0.047</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.009</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Glu (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">420</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.990</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.663</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.045</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">K (mEq/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">425</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.029</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.993</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.997</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.004</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Lac (mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">422</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">-0.143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.995</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.156</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.169</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Na (mEq/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">425</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">-0.302</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.221</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.259</td></tr></table>

# Interference

Interfering substances were evaluated based on testing conducted in general accordance with CLSI, EP07, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Edition, and CLSI EP37, Supplemental Tables for Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, $1 ^ { \mathsf { s t } }$ Edition. The interference testing consists of two parts: paired-difference and dose-response studies. The paired-difference study was conducted on a large panel of likely interferents, using clinically significant amount of the interferents. Dose-response studies were only conducted in cases where a clinically significant interferent effect was noted during the paired different study. Table 7 summarizes the testing that was performed. Specific values for level of interference are described in Table 8.

Table 7: Interference testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Interferent         cCa^{+  cK+   cNa+   cGlu   cLac</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconj)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin(conj)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propofol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium@ low level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium@ high level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium @ low level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium @ high level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium@low level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium @ high level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ammoniumchloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leflunomide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Interferent         cGlu   cLac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiocyanate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetoacetate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-deoxy Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Formaldehyde</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Formic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galactose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucosamine HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glycolic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maltose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mannose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-acetylcystein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Interferent        cGlu  cLac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pralidoxime chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pyruvate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xylose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DopamineHydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Povidone-iodine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Interferent         cCa^{2+  cK+   cNa+   cGlu   cLac</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Teriflunomide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiopental</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnesium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH @ low level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH @ high level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perchlorate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strontium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcetyIsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zinc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Key

No clinically significant interference - Clinically significant interference $\mathsf { X }$ Interferent not relevant to be tested for this parameter

Table 8: Interference values   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maximum testconcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Highestconcentration levelwhere interferencewas not significant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Impact on resultfor maximum testconcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">cCa²+ (test level: 4.6 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzalkonium chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.94 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.43 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leflunomide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.73 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnesium (-nitrate)(test matrix: Plasma)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">385 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.13 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH @ low level(test matrix: Plasma²)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference forpH &lt; 7.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH @ high level(test matrix: Plasma²)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference forpH &gt; 7.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zn+ (Zinc chloride)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.58 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">cCa²+ (test level: 6.0 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzalkonium chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.45 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.54 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.69 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leflunomide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.85 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnesium (-nitrate)(test matrix: Plasma)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">385 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.53 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH @ low level(test matrix: Plasma²)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference forpH &lt; 7.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.35 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH @ high level(test matrix: Plasma²)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference forpH &gt; 7.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.84 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Teriflunomide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.79 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Notes for Calcium:) A change in the pH of blood has the physiological effect of changing the concentrations ofionized calcium. An increase of 1 pH unit results in a decrease of approximately 2 mg/dLcCaa+.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">cK+ (test level: 3.5 mEq/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzalkonium chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.11 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.1 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Teriflunomide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.53 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">cK+ (test level: 5.0 mEq/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzalkonium chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.27 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.3 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Teriflunomide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.88 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cNa+ (test level: 135 mEq/L)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzalkonium chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.0 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-15.3 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Teriflunomide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-4.3 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cNa+ (test level: 145 mEq/L)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzalkonium chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.6 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-14.8 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intralipid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Teriflunomide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-4.8 mEq/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">cGlu (test level: 39.6 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-deoxy glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">164 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">158 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromide (sodium-) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">391 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-5.81 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoride (sodium-) </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-5.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galactose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Povidone-iodine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiocyanate (sodium-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">195 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cGlu (test level: 220 mg/dL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-deoxy glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">164 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">165 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiocyanate (sodium-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">195 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Notes for Glucose:)Paired-difference cGlu test level: 101 mg/dL. Dose-Response cGlu test level: 88 mg/dL.Do not use samples collected in fluorinated sampling tubes as exposure to highconcentrations of fluoride causes falsely low cGlu results and may cause falsely low cGlu resultsn subsequent sample measurements."</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">cLac (test level:9.0 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromide (sodium- ), </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">391 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-3.4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA (edetate disodium 2H20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.67 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Formic acid </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">115 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.36 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glycolic acid d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-acetyIcysteine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">166 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.07 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiocyanate (sodium-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">195 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">cLac (test level: 15.3 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrate (trisodium citrate2H20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1176 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">882 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA (edetate disodium2H20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoride (sodium-) c)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Formic acid </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">115 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.7 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glycolic acid d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-acetylcysteine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">166 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiocyanate (sodium-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">195 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Notes for Lactate:

a) Paired-difference cLac test level: $1 0 . 7 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . Dose-Response cLac test level: $2 8 . 6 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . b) Normal physiological levels of bromide do not interfere. Exposure to high concentrations of Bromide causes falsely low cLac results and may cause falsely low cLac results on any subsequent samples measured within 5 minutes.   
c) Do not use samples collected in fluorinated sampling tubes as exposure to high   
concentrations of fluoride causes falsely low cLac results and may cause falsely low cLac results in subsequent sample measurements.”   
d) Healthy patients have a glycolic acid concentration of 0.034 to $0 . 0 9 3 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . Ethylene glycol poisoning is a rare condition affecting about 20 people per million annually in the USA. Ethylene glycol poisoning may exhibit very high levels of glycolic acid. Levels up to $2 8 9 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$ have been reported. A glycolic acid level of $2 8 9 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$ may interfere with the lactate sensor for up to 5 minutes. If ethylene glycol poisoning is suspected or confirmed, do not use lactate for that sample or any subsequent samples measured within 5 minutes.”   
e) Healthy patients have a formic acid concentration of 0.1 to $0 . 9 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . Higher levels of formic acid may occur with methanol poisoning, which is a rare condition affecting about 6.4 persons per million annually in the USA.

Conclusion

The results above demonstrate the acceptable analytical performance of the ABL90 FLEX PLUS System and its substantial equivalence to its predicate.