Axis-Shield Diagnostics Limited   
Claire Dora   
Associate Director, Regulatory Affairs   
17 Luna Place, The Technology Park   
Dundee, Scotland DD 1XA   
United Kingdom

Re: K241176 Trade/Device Name: Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i Reagent Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1117 Regulation Name: B-Type Natriuretic Peptide Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBC Dated: December 11, 2024 Received: December 11, 2024

Dear Claire Dora:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Division Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and   
Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

51 0(k) Number (if known) K241176

Device Name Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i assay is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) used for the in vitro quantitative determination ofN-terminal pro B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) in human serum and plasma on the Alinity i system.

In the emergency department, measurements of NT-pro BNP are used as an aid in the diagnosis of heart failure (HF) in patients with clinical suspicion of new onset or worsening HF.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

# Administrative Documentation – 510(k) Summary

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2 $ .

# I. 510(k) Number

K241176

# II. Applicant Name

Axis-Shield Diagnostics Limited Luna Place, The Technology Park, Dundee DD2 1XA   
United Kingdom

Primary contact:

Claire Dora, Associate Director, Regulatory Affairs   
Axis-Shield Diagnostics Ltd   
Phone: $+ 4 4 ( 0 ) 7 9 0 9 9 4 0 9 8$   
Email: claire.dora@abbott.com

Date Summary Prepared: January 16, 2025

# III. Device Name

Trade Name: Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i

Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i Device Classification: Class II Classification Name: BNP Test System Governing Regulation: 21 CFR Part 862.1117 Product Code: NBC

IV. Predicate Device Roche Elecsys proBNP II (K092649)

V. Description of Device

A. Reagents

The various configurations of the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i Reagent Kit are described below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>List Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04S7921</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04S7931</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per cartridge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of cartridges per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microparticle volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.0 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.5 mL</td></tr></table>

Microparticles: Anti-NT-proBNP (sheep, monoclonal) coated microparticles in Bis-TRIS buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer, non-specific binding blocking agents, and surfactant. Minimum concentration: $0 . 0 5 \%$ solids. Preservative: sodium azide.

Conjugate: Anti-NT-proBNP (mouse, monoclonal) acridinium-labeled conjugate in MES buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer and surfactant. Minimum concentration: $0 . 1 2 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ . Preservatives: antimicrobial agents.

# B. Biological Principles of the Procedure

The Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i assay is an automated, two-step immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of NT-proBNP in human serum and plasma using chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) technology.

Sample and anti-NT-proBNP coated paramagnetic microparticles are combined and incubated. The NT-proBNP present in the sample binds to the anti-NT-proBNP coated microparticles. The mixture is washed. Anti-NT-proBNP acridinium-labeled conjugate is added to create a reaction mixture and incubated. Following a wash cycle, Pre-Trigger and Trigger Solutions are added.

The resulting chemiluminescent reaction is measured as a relative light unit (RLU). There is a direct relationship between the amount of NT-proBNP in the sample and the RLU detected by the system optics.

# Assay Standardization

There is currently no international recognized reference method or reference material for standardization. The Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i Calibrators are traceable to internal reference standards at every concentration level that were value assigned on and made traceable to the predicate device by transference, as described by Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) Document EP32-R.\*

# C. Interpretation of Results

Emergency Department

For patients presenting to the emergency department (ED) with clinical suspicion of heart failure (HF), the results should be interpreted as indicated in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Age Group (Years)</td><td colspan="2">NT-proBNP</td><td rowspan="2">Interpretation</td></tr><tr><td>(pg/mL)</td><td>(pmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td>All</td><td>&lt; 300.0</td><td>&lt; 35.4</td><td>Negative: HF unlikely</td></tr><tr><td>18 to &lt; 50</td><td>≥ 300.0 to &lt; 450.0</td><td>≥ 35.4 to &lt; 53.1</td><td>Grayzone: Indeterminate</td></tr><tr><td>50 to 75</td><td>≥ 300.0 to &lt; 900.0</td><td>≥ 35.4 to &lt; 106.2</td><td>Consider other causes of NT-proBNP elevation.</td></tr><tr><td>&gt; 75</td><td>≥ 300.0 to &lt; 1800.0</td><td>≥ 35.4 to &lt; 212.4</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>18 to &lt; 50</td><td>≥ 450.0</td><td>≥ 53.1</td><td>Positive: HF likely</td></tr><tr><td>50 to 75</td><td>≥ 900.0</td><td>≥ 106.2</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>&gt; 75</td><td>≥ 1800.0</td><td>≥ 212.4</td><td></td></tr></table>

# VI. Intended Use of the Device

The Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i assay is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) used for the in vitro quantitative determination of N-terminal pro B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) in human serum and plasma on the Alinity i system.

In the emergency department, measurements of NT-proBNP are used as an aid in the diagnosis of heart failure (HF) in patients with clinical suspicion of new onset or worsening HF.

# VII. Comparison with the Predicate Device

The similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate device are presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device:Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Roche Elecsys proBNP II (K092649)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoassay used for the in vitroquantitative determination of N-terminalpro B-type natriuretic peptide(NT-proBNP) in human serum andplasma.In the emergency department,measurements of NT-proBNP are usedas an aid in the diagnosis of heart failure(HF) in patients with clinical suspicionof new onset or worsening HF.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitativedetermination of N-terminal pro-Brainnatriuretic peptide in human serum andplasma.This assay is used as an aid in the diagnosis ofindividuals suspected of having congestiveheart failure.The test is further indicated for the riskstratification of patients with acute coronarysyndrome and congestive heart failure.The test may also serve as an aid in theassessment of increased risk of cardiovascularevents and mortality in patients at risk forheart failure who have stable coronary arterydisease.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum and plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sandwich immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT-proBNP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CMIA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electro chemiluminescent microparticleimmunoassay (ECLIA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended UseSetting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Emergency department</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not specified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringInterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Measuring Interval (AMI):15.8 to 35,000.0 pg/mL(1.9 to 4130.0 pmoL/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 to 35,000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hook Effect</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No hook effect up to 372,620 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No hook effect up to 300,000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultsInterpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative: HF unlikely for all patients:&lt; 300.0 pg/mLGray Zone: Indeterminate; consider othercauses of NT-proBNP elevation:Age (Years)    NT-proBNP (pg/mL)18 to &lt; 50      ≥ 300.0 to &lt; 450.050 to 75         ≥ 300.0 to &lt; 900.0&gt;75             ≥ 300.0 to &lt; 1800.0Positive: HF likely:Age (Years)    NT-proBNP (pg/mL)18 to &lt; 50      ≥ 450.050 to 75        ≥ 900.0&gt;75             ≥ 1800.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125 pg/mL for &lt; 75 years450 pg/mL for ≥ 75 years</td></tr></table>

# VIII. Summary of Nonclinical Performance

# A. Reportable Interval

Based on representative data for the limit of quantitation (LoQ), the ranges over which results can be reported are provided below.

<table><tr><td></td><td>pg/mL</td><td>pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Measuring Interval (AMI)a</td><td>15.8 - 35,000.0</td><td>1.9 - 4130.0</td></tr><tr><td>Extended Measuring Interval (EMI)b</td><td>35,000.0  350,000.0</td><td>4130.0 - 41,300.0</td></tr><tr><td>Reportable Intervalc</td><td>15.8 - 350,000.0</td><td>1.9 - 41,300.0</td></tr></table>

a AMI: The AMI extends from the LoQ to the upper limit of quantitation (ULoQ). This is determined by the range of values in $\mathrm { p g / m L }$ (pmol/L) that demonstrated acceptable performance for linearity, imprecision, and bias. b EMI: The EMI extends from the ULoQ to the ULoQ $\times$ dilution factor. The value reflects a 1:10 dilution factor. c  The reportable interval extends from the LoQ to the upper limit of the EMI.

# B. Within-Laboratory Precision (20-Day)

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.   Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i reagents, 1 lot of the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i Calibrators, 1 lot of the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i Controls, and 1 instrument. Three controls and 8 human plasma panels (7 native panels and 1 panel supplemented with NT-proBNP analyte) were tested in 2 replicates at 2 separate times per day on 20 days.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2">Mean (pg/mL)</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2">Within-Laboratorya</td><td colspan="2">Between-Lot</td><td colspan="2">Overall Within- Laboratoryb</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Low Control</td><td>n 240</td><td>143.0</td><td>6.40</td><td>4.5</td><td>7.63</td><td>5.3</td><td>4.42</td><td>3.1</td><td>8.82</td><td>6.2</td></tr><tr><td>Medium Control</td><td>240</td><td>503.4</td><td>16.26</td><td>3.2</td><td>18.21</td><td>3.6</td><td>9.29</td><td>1.8</td><td>20.44</td><td>4.1</td></tr><tr><td>High Control</td><td>240</td><td>5144.2</td><td>177.02</td><td>3.4</td><td>202.18</td><td>3.9</td><td>21.47</td><td>0.4</td><td>203.32</td><td>4.0</td></tr><tr><td>Panel A</td><td>240</td><td>18.8</td><td>1.39</td><td>7.4</td><td>1.72</td><td>9.2</td><td>0.75</td><td>4.0</td><td>1.88</td><td>10.0</td></tr><tr><td>Panel B</td><td>240</td><td>55.6</td><td>2.64</td><td>4.7</td><td>3.02</td><td>5.4</td><td>1.60</td><td>2.9</td><td>3.41</td><td>6.1</td></tr><tr><td>Panel C</td><td>240</td><td>130.4</td><td>4.28</td><td>3.3</td><td>5.44</td><td>4.2</td><td>4.87</td><td>3.7</td><td>7.30</td><td>5.6</td></tr><tr><td>Panel D</td><td>240</td><td>449.1</td><td>13.10</td><td>2.9</td><td>18.68</td><td>4.2</td><td>14.02</td><td>3.1</td><td>23.36</td><td>5.2</td></tr><tr><td>Panel E</td><td>240</td><td>1011.4</td><td>28.31</td><td>2.8</td><td>34.49</td><td>3.4</td><td>21.92</td><td>2.2</td><td>40.87</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Panel F</td><td>240</td><td>1938.0</td><td>54.02</td><td>2.8</td><td>65.28</td><td>3.4</td><td>22.56</td><td>1.2</td><td>69.07</td><td>4.0 3.6</td></tr><tr><td>Panel G</td><td>240</td><td>14,939.8</td><td>417.56</td><td>2.8</td><td>518.88</td><td>3.5</td><td>296.61</td><td>2.0</td><td>597.67</td><td>4.0</td></tr><tr><td>Panel H (Supplemented)</td><td>240</td><td>31,711.0</td><td>989.02</td><td>3.1</td><td>1185.11</td><td>3.7</td><td>2118.19</td><td>6.7</td><td>2427.19</td><td>7.7</td></tr></table>

a Includes repeatability (within-run), between-run, and between-day variability. b Includes repeatability (within-run), between-run, between-day, and between-lot variability.

# C. Linearity

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP06, 2nd ed. \*  This assay is linear across the AMI of 15.8 to $3 5 , 0 0 0 . 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (1.9 to 4130.0 pmol/L).

# D. Lower Limits of Measurement

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP17-A2. †  Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i reagents on each of 2 instruments over a minimum of 3 days. The maximum observed limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD), and limit of quantitation (LoQ) values are summarized below.

<table><tr><td></td><td>pg/mL pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td>LoBa 0.1</td><td>0.0</td></tr><tr><td>LoDb 3.6</td><td>0.4</td></tr><tr><td>LoQc 15.8</td><td>1.9</td></tr></table>

a The LoB represents the 95th percentile from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of zero-analyte samples. b The LoD represents the lowest concentration at which the analyte can be detected with $9 5 \%$ probability based on $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples. c The LoQ is defined as the lowest concentration at which a maximum allowable precision of $2 0 \% C \mathrm { V }$ was met and was determined from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples.

# E. Analytical Specificity

# 1. Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed. ‡  Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $1 2 5 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ and $2 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L ) }$ .

# No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 . 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td colspan="2">No Significant Interference (Interference within ± 10.0%)</td></tr><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin (conjugated)</td><td>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Biotin</td><td>4250 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Cholesterol</td><td>700 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Human Anti-mouse Antibodies (HAMA)</td><td>1500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin</td><td>1 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td>IgG</td><td>6 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Intralipid</td><td>3000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Rheumatoid Factor (RF)</td><td>600 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Total Protein</td><td>12.6 g/dL</td></tr></table>

# Interference beyond $\pm 1 0 . 0 \%$ (based on $9 5 \%$ confidence interval [CI]) was

observed at the concentrations shown below for the following substances.

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Interference beyond ± 10.0% (based on 95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td>Interferent Level</td><td>Analyte Level</td><td>% Interference (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>RF</td><td>1520 IU/mL</td><td>125 pg/mL</td><td>-8.9% (-10.4%, -7.5%)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1520 IU/mL</td><td>2000 pg/mL</td><td>-11.4% (-12.4%, -10.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Total Protein</td><td>15.2 g/dL</td><td>125 pg/mL</td><td>-12.7%</td></tr><tr><td>15.5 g/dL</td><td>2000 pg/mL</td><td>(-14.7%, -10.7%) -9.9% (-11.4%, -8.5%)</td></tr></table>

# 2. Potentially Interfering Drugs

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed. \*  Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $1 2 5 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ and $2 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L ) }$ .

No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 . 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td colspan="4">No Significant Interference (Interference within ± 10.0%)</td></tr><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Drug</td><td>Interferent Level</td><td>Potentially Interfering Drug</td><td>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td>Acetaminophen</td><td>15.6 mg/dL</td><td>Lidocaine</td><td>8.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td>60 mg/dL</td><td>Lisinopril</td><td>1.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Allopurinol</td><td>6.0 mg/dL</td><td>Lithium</td><td>4.20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Amikacin</td><td>15 mg/dL</td><td>Losartan potassium</td><td>5.99 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Amiodarone</td><td>4.2 mg/dL</td><td>Lovastatin</td><td>2.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Amlodipine Besylate</td><td>0.4 mg/dL</td><td>L-Thyroxine</td><td>0.06 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Ampicillin</td><td>7.5 mg/dL</td><td>Methyldopa</td><td>2.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Ascorbic acid</td><td>5.25 mg/dL</td><td>Methylprednisolone</td><td>0.75 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Atenolol</td><td>1.0 mg/dL</td><td>Metoprolol</td><td>1.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Atorvastatin</td><td>32 mg/dL</td><td>Milrinone</td><td>0.183 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Caffeine</td><td>10.8 mg/dL</td><td>Naproxen</td><td>49.97 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Captopril</td><td>5.0 mg/dL</td><td>Nicotine</td><td>0.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Carbamazepine</td><td>4.5 mg/dL</td><td>Nicotinic acid</td><td>4.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Carvedilol</td><td>3.75 mg/dL</td><td>Nifedipine</td><td>6.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Chloramphenicol</td><td>7.8 mg/dL</td><td>Nitrofurantoin</td><td>4.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td>1.0 mg/dL</td><td>Nitroglycerin</td><td>0.016 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Chlorpromazine</td><td>0.33 mg/dL</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>1.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Cimetidine</td><td>3.0 mg/dL</td><td>Oxytetracycline</td><td>10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Drug</td><td>Interferent Level</td><td>Potentially Interfering Drug</td><td>Interferent Ley</td></tr><tr><td>Cinnarizine</td><td>3.1 mg/dL</td><td>Penicillin G</td><td>25 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Clopidogrel bisulfate</td><td>7.5 mg/dL</td><td>Pentobarbital</td><td>12.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Creatinine</td><td>30 mg/dL</td><td>Phenobarbitol</td><td>69 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Cyclosporine A</td><td>0.4 mg/dL</td><td>Phenprocoumon</td><td>1.53 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Dextran 40</td><td>6000 mg/dL</td><td>(Marcumar) Phenytoin</td><td>6.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Diazepam</td><td>3.0 mg/dL</td><td>Primidone</td><td>5.7 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Diclofenac</td><td>6.0 mg/dL</td><td>Probenecid</td><td>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Digoxin</td><td>0.025 mg/dL</td><td>Procainamide</td><td>4.8 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Diltiazem</td><td>12 mg/dL</td><td>Propafenone</td><td>30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Dipyridamole</td><td>8.0 mg/dL</td><td>Propanolol</td><td>0.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Disopyramide</td><td>4.0 mg/dL</td><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>0.321 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Dobutamine</td><td>10 mg/dL</td><td>Quinidine</td><td>2.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Dopamine</td><td>65 mg/dL</td><td>Ramipril</td><td>0.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Enalapril Maleate</td><td>1.6 mg/dL</td><td>Retaplase</td><td>3.33 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Epinephrine</td><td>0.05 mg/dL</td><td>Simvastatin</td><td>3.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Erythromycin</td><td>13.8 mg/dL</td><td>Spironolactone</td><td>7.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Ethanol</td><td>600 mg/dL</td><td>Sulfamethoxazole</td><td>112 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Ethosuximide</td><td>30 mg/dL</td><td>Theophylline</td><td>6.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Fenofibrate</td><td>4.5 mg/dL</td><td>Tolbutamide</td><td>150 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Furosemide</td><td>6.0 mg/dL</td><td>Torasemide</td><td>1.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Gentamicin</td><td>12 mg/dL</td><td>Trandolapril</td><td>4.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Heparin</td><td>8 U/mL</td><td>Trasylol/Aprotinin</td><td>501.8 KIE/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Hydralazine</td><td>2.0 mg/dL</td><td>Trimethoprim</td><td>6.4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td>2.0 mg/dL</td><td>Uric Acid</td><td>23.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Insulin</td><td>0.16 mg/dL</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ibuprofen</td><td>50 mg/dL</td><td>Valproic Acid Verapamil</td><td>50 mg/dL 24 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Potentially Interfering Drug</td><td>Interferent Level</td><td>Potentially Interfering</td><td>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td>Indomethacin</td><td>3.6 mg/dL</td><td>Drug Warfarin</td><td>7.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Isosorbide dinitrate</td><td>6.0 mg/dL</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# 3. Cross-Reactants

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed. \*  Samples with NT-proBNP target concentrations of $1 2 5 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ and $2 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ containing the cross-reactants at the concentration listed below were tested with the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i assay on the Alinity i system. For each cross-reactant, the $\%$ recovery was calculated as: (NT-proBNP concentration with cross-reactant) / (NT-proBNP concentration without cross-reactant) $\times 1 0 0 \%$ . The observed $\%$ recovery of NT-proBNP was within $1 0 0 \% \pm 1 0 \%$ for all cross-reactants evaluated at each analyte level.

<table><tr><td>Potential Cross-Reactant Cross-Reactant Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Adrenomedullin 1000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Aldosterone 600 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Angiotensin I 600 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Angiotensin II 600 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Angiotensin III 1000 pg /mL</td></tr><tr><td>ANP 28 3100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Arg-Vasopressin 1000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>BNP 32 3500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>CNP 22 2200 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Endothelin 20 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proANP 1-30 (preproANP26-55) 3500 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Potential Cross-Reactant</td><td>Cross-Reactant Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proANP 31-67 (preproANP56-92)</td><td>1000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proANP 79-98 (preproANP104-123)</td><td>1000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Renin</td><td>50,000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Urodilatin</td><td>3500 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# F. High Dose Hook

High dose hook effect was not observed on samples up to $3 7 2 { , } 6 2 0 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ .

# G. Expected Values (Reference Interval)

A reference interval study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP28-A3c. \* Testing was performed with a US-based general population from apparently healthy individuals $\geq 1 8$ years old). The specimens were tested with the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i assay on the Alinity i system. Based on the results, the $9 5 \%$ reference interval of an apparently healthy population for each sex and age range was determined to be as follows:

<table><tr><td>Age Range</td><td>Sex</td><td></td><td>Median (pg/mL)</td><td>Reference Interval (2.5th to 97.5th Percentile) (pg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>18 to &lt; 50 years old</td><td>Female</td><td>n 181</td><td>30.7</td><td>&lt; 15.8 to 104.8</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Male</td><td>137</td><td>&lt; 15.8</td><td>&lt; 15.8 to 180.3</td></tr><tr><td>50 to 75 years old</td><td>Female</td><td>134</td><td>51.7</td><td>&lt; 15.8 to 334.1</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Male</td><td>146</td><td>39.9</td><td>&lt; 15.8 to 451.6</td></tr><tr><td>&gt; 75 years old</td><td>Female</td><td>127</td><td>81.4</td><td>&lt; 15.8 to 956.1</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Male</td><td>136</td><td>65.1</td><td>&lt; 15.8 to 683.0</td></tr></table>

IX. Summary of Clinical Performance

A. Reproducibility

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.   Testing was conducted at each of 3 testing sites using 3 lots of the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i reagents, 2 lots of the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i Calibrators, 2 lots of the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i Controls, and 1 instrument. Three controls and 8 human plasma panels (6 native panels and 2 panels supplemented with NT-proBNP analyte) were tested in a minimum of 3 replicates at 2 separate times per day on 5 different days.

<table><tr><td colspan="10">Within-</td><td colspan="4">Overall</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Mean</td><td colspan="2">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2">Laboratorya</td><td colspan="2">Between-Site</td><td colspan="2">Between-Lot</td><td colspan="2">Reproducibilityb</td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>n</td><td>(pg/mL)</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>SD</td><td>%CV</td></tr><tr><td>Low Control</td><td>360</td><td>136.6</td><td>4.75</td><td>3.5</td><td>5.75</td><td>4.2</td><td>2.63</td><td>1.9</td><td>1.45</td><td>1.1</td><td>6.49</td><td>4.7</td></tr><tr><td>Medium Control</td><td>360</td><td>477.1</td><td>12.24</td><td>2.6</td><td>15.35</td><td>3.2</td><td>14.20</td><td>3.0</td><td>8.88</td><td>1.9</td><td>22.72</td><td>4.8</td></tr><tr><td>High Control</td><td>359</td><td>4932.2</td><td>201.01</td><td>4.1</td><td>311.08</td><td>6.3</td><td>105.17</td><td>2.1</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>328.38</td><td>6.7</td></tr><tr><td>Panel 1</td><td>359</td><td>14.5</td><td>2.10c</td><td>14.5</td><td>2.74c</td><td>18.9</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>2.74c</td><td>18.9</td></tr><tr><td>Panel 2</td><td>360</td><td>51.9</td><td>2.14</td><td>4.1</td><td>3.07</td><td>5.9</td><td>0.49</td><td>0.9</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>3.11</td><td>6.0</td></tr><tr><td>Panel 3</td><td>360</td><td>127.1</td><td>4.67</td><td>3.7</td><td>5.95</td><td>4.7</td><td>1.36</td><td>1.1</td><td>0.78</td><td>0.6</td><td>6.15</td><td>4.8</td></tr><tr><td>Panel 4</td><td>360</td><td>436.9</td><td>10.46</td><td>2.4</td><td>18.67</td><td>4.3</td><td>3.18</td><td>0.7</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>18.94</td><td>4.3</td></tr><tr><td>Panel 5</td><td>360</td><td>996.5</td><td>21.86</td><td>2.2</td><td>43.45</td><td>4.4</td><td>17.12</td><td>1.7</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>46.70</td><td>4.7</td></tr><tr><td>Panel 6</td><td>360</td><td>1891.1</td><td>33.18</td><td>1.8</td><td>79.86</td><td>4.2</td><td>35.96</td><td>1.9</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.0</td><td>87.58</td><td>4.6</td></tr><tr><td>Panel 7 (Supplemented)</td><td>359</td><td>15,664.6</td><td>319.91</td><td>2.0</td><td>974.61</td><td>6.2</td><td>281.81</td><td>1.8</td><td>217.28</td><td>1.4</td><td>1037.54</td><td>6.6</td></tr><tr><td>Panel 8 (Supplemented)</td><td>360</td><td>25,630.5</td><td>601.42</td><td>2.3</td><td>1654.86</td><td>6.5</td><td>220.39</td><td>0.9</td><td>807.19</td><td>3.1</td><td>1854.37</td><td>7.2</td></tr></table>

a Includes repeatability (within-run), between-run, and between-day variability. b Includes repeatability (within-run), between-run, between-day, between-site, and between-lot variability. An outlying run was observed. Based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3, a replacement run was performed and the results are shown in the preceding table. Without the replacement run, the repeatability SD was $9 . 5 3 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (1.12 pmol/L), within-laboratory precision SD was $9 . 6 4 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ $\left( 1 . 1 4 \mathrm { p m o l } / \mathrm { L } \right)$ , and the overall reproducibility SD was $9 . 6 4 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (1.14 pmol/L).

# B. Clinical Performance

A multi-center prospective study including 17 collection sites across the US was conducted to establish the performance characteristics of the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i assay. Subjects 18 years and older presenting to the ED with signs and symptoms consistent with a clinical suspicion of new onset or acute exacerbation of HF were included in the study. Subjects with renal insufficiency requiring dialysis or known estimated glomerular filtration rate $( \mathrm { e G F R } ) < 1 5 . 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ and subjects with dyspnea after chest trauma were excluded from the study. An adjudicated diagnosis was determined by a panel of board-certified cardiologists.

The results were determined from 2127 ED subjects. Of the 2127 ED subjects, 1030 $( 4 8 . 4 \% )$ were female and 1097 $( 5 1 . 6 \% )$ were male, ranging in age from 19 to 97 years. Individuals in the population were White $( 5 3 . 1 \% )$ , Black or African American $( 3 9 . 5 \% )$ , Asian $( 1 . 7 \% )$ , American Indian or Alaska Native $( 0 . 8 \% )$ , Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander $( 0 . 3 \% )$ , or represented by other races $( 0 . 9 \% )$ , with the remaining $3 . 6 \%$ of Unknown / Not Reported race. A total of 1934 $( 9 0 . 9 \% )$ ED subjects were not Hispanic or Latino, and 168 $( 7 . 9 \% )$ ED subjects were Hispanic or Latino, with the remaining 25 $( 1 . 2 \% )$ ED subjects of Unknown / Not Reported ethnicity.

The descriptive statistics for the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i test results $\mathrm { ( p g / m L ) }$ were determined within and across sex by age group and are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Adjudicated Diagnosis</td><td colspan="8"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>HF</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>Non-HF</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Age Group (Years)</td><td>&lt;50</td><td>50 to 75</td><td>&gt; 75</td><td>All</td><td>&lt;50</td><td>50 to 75</td><td>&gt; 75</td><td>All</td></tr><tr><td>All Subjects</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>160</td><td>553</td><td>167</td><td>880</td><td>300 437.9</td><td>799 760.4</td><td>148 1738.8</td><td>1247</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>4354.5</td><td>6092.9</td><td>6891.3</td><td>5928.3 7521.45</td><td>1686.57</td><td>1833.48</td><td>3494.96</td><td>798.9</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>5454.61</td><td>8144.69</td><td>6860.32</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>2100.93</td></tr><tr><td>Median</td><td>2664.9</td><td>3297.2</td><td>4787.6</td><td>3420.7</td><td>70.1</td><td>198.9</td><td>565.9</td><td>181.8</td></tr><tr><td>Adjudicated Diagnosis</td><td colspan="7"></td></tr><tr><td>Age Group</td><td colspan="6">HF</td><td>Non-HF</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(Years)</td><td>&lt;50</td><td>50 to 75</td><td>&gt; 75</td><td>All</td><td>&lt;50</td><td>50 to 75</td><td>&gt; 75</td><td>All</td></tr><tr><td>Minimum</td><td>22.8</td><td>19.8</td><td>158.9</td><td>19.8</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.0</td><td>4.2</td><td>0.0</td></tr><tr><td>Maximum</td><td>38,880.9</td><td>60,716.9</td><td>38,938.4</td><td>60,716.9</td><td>24,737.1</td><td>17,988.9</td><td>31,154.0</td><td>31,154.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="9">Female Subjects</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>55</td><td>236</td><td>85</td><td>376</td><td>165</td><td>407</td><td>82</td><td>654</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>4034.7</td><td>5370.1</td><td>6814.2</td><td>5501.2</td><td>273.5</td><td>614.8</td><td>1320.8</td><td>617.2</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>6302.82</td><td>7732.10</td><td>7042.32</td><td>7417.01</td><td>732.64</td><td>1543.13</td><td>2403.63</td><td>1556.92</td></tr><tr><td>Median</td><td>1851.5</td><td>2541.7</td><td>4787.6</td><td>2786.4</td><td>73.1</td><td>174.9</td><td>499.7</td><td>161.2</td></tr><tr><td>Minimum</td><td>22.8</td><td>24.9</td><td>158.9</td><td>22.8</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.9</td><td>25.7</td><td>0.0</td></tr><tr><td>Maximum</td><td>38,880.9</td><td>47,385.1</td><td>38,938.4</td><td>47,385.1</td><td>5633.9</td><td>14,849.5</td><td>18,827.7</td><td>18,827.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="9">Male Subjects</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>105</td><td>317</td><td>82</td><td>504</td><td>135</td><td>392</td><td>66</td><td>593</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>4522.0</td><td>6631.0</td><td>6971.2</td><td>6247.0</td><td>638.8</td><td>911.6</td><td>2258.0</td><td>999.4</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>4977.78</td><td>8410.52</td><td>6708.84</td><td>7590.10</td><td>2369.85</td><td>2084.06</td><td>4464.35</td><td>2557.26</td></tr><tr><td>Median</td><td>2780.1</td><td>4066.5</td><td>4773.9</td><td>3904.3</td><td>64.1</td><td>221.0</td><td>701.8</td><td>203.2</td></tr><tr><td>Minimum</td><td>58.3</td><td>19.8</td><td>186.9</td><td>19.8</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.0</td><td>4.2</td><td>0.0</td></tr><tr><td>Maximum</td><td>26,986.3</td><td>60,716.9</td><td>32,286.4</td><td>60,716.9</td><td>24,737.1</td><td>17,988.9</td><td>31,154.0</td><td>31,154.0</td></tr></table>

The pretest probability of adjudicated HF (prevalence of adjudicated HF in the study), posttest probabilities, and likelihood ratios of the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i result vs adjudicated diagnosis (along with the $9 5 \%$ CIs) were determined based on guidance from CLSI EP12, 3rd ed.,\*  for all subjects and by sex using the age-dependent positive cutoffs $4 5 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for subjects 18 to $< 5 0$ years of age, $9 0 0 \ : \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for subjects 50 to 75 years of age, and $1 8 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ for subjects $> 7 5$ years of age) and age-independent negative cutoff $( 3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L } )$ ).

The results for all subjects are presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td>Adjudicated</td><td colspan="6">All Subjects</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF %</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td></td><td>Non-</td><td></td><td>HF % (n/N)</td><td>(n/N)</td><td>Likelihood Ratio (HF)</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>HF</td><td>Total</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)b</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Age Group: 50 to 75 Years Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 40.90% (553/1352)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>437</td><td>148</td><td>585</td><td>74.7</td><td>4.27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone</td><td rowspan="5"></td><td rowspan="5"></td><td rowspan="2">(437/585)</td><td></td><td>(3.67, 4.96)</td></tr><tr><td>(71.0, 78.1)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>35.2</td><td>64.8</td><td>0.79</td></tr><tr><td>147 227</td><td>(80/227)</td><td>(147/227)</td><td>(0.61, 1.01)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(29.3, 41.7)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Negative</td><td>36</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(58.3, 70.7)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>504</td><td>540</td><td></td><td>93.3</td><td>0.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(504/540)</td><td>(0.07, 0.14)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(90.9, 95.1)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>553</td><td>799</td><td>1352</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Age Group: $> 7 5$ Years Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): $5 3 . 0 2 \%$ (167/315)

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="7">All Subjects</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF % (n/N)</td><td rowspan="2">Likelihood Ratio (HF)</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>131</td><td>38</td><td>169</td><td>77.5 (131/169) (70.6, 83.2)</td><td></td><td>3.06 (2.30, 4.06)</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>34</td><td>59</td><td>93</td><td>36.6 (34/93) (27.5, 46.7)</td><td>63.4 (59/93) (53.3, 72.5)</td><td>0.51 (0.36, 0.73)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>2</td><td>51</td><td>53</td><td></td><td>96.2 (51/53)</td><td>0.03 (0.01, 0.14)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>167</td><td>148</td><td>315</td><td></td><td>(87.2, 99.0)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">All Subjects Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 41.37% (880/2127)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>708</td><td>234</td><td>942</td><td>75.2</td><td>4.29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone</td><td rowspan="5"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td>(708/942)</td><td></td><td>(3.80, 4.83)</td></tr><tr><td>(72.3, 77.8)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>219 340</td><td>35.6</td><td>64.4</td><td>0.78</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>(121/340)</td><td>(219/340) (0.64, 0.96)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>(30.7, 40.8)</td><td>(59.2, 69.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Negative</td><td>51</td><td>794</td><td>845</td><td></td><td>94.0</td><td>0.09</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(794/845)</td><td>(0.07, 0.12)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Total</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(92.2, 95.4)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>880</td><td>1247</td><td>2127</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

The results for female subjects are presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td>Adjudicated</td><td colspan="6">Female Subjects</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF %</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td></td><td>Non-</td><td></td><td>HF % (n/N)</td><td>(n/N)</td><td>Likelihood Ratio (HF)</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>HF</td><td>Total</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)b</td></tr></table>

Age Group: 50 to 75 Years   

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 36.70% (236/643)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>173</td><td>56</td><td>229</td><td>75.5</td><td>5.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone</td><td rowspan="5">35</td><td rowspan="5">76</td><td colspan="2">(173/229)</td><td>(4.13, 6.88)</td></tr><tr><td>(69.6, 80.7)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>111 31.5</td><td></td><td>0.79</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(35/111)</td><td>68.5 (76/111)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>(0.55, 1.15)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Negative</td><td>28</td><td>275</td><td>303</td><td>(23.6, 40.7)</td><td>(59.3, 76.4) 90.8</td><td>0.18</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(275/303)</td><td>(0.12, 0.25)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Total</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(87.0, 93.5)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>236</td><td>407</td><td>643</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="5">Age Group: &gt; 75 Years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 50.90% (85/167)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>64</td><td>19</td><td>83 77.1</td><td></td><td>3.25</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(64/83)</td><td>(2.15, 4.91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>(67.0, 84.8)</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="7">Female Subjects</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td colspan="2">Adjudicated Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF % (n/N)</td><td>Likelihood Ratio (HF)</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td></td><td>(95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>20</td><td>34</td><td>54</td><td>37.0 (20/54) (25.4, 50.4)</td><td>63.0 (34/54) (49.6, 74.6)</td><td></td><td>0.57 (0.36, 0.90)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>1</td><td>29</td><td></td><td>30</td><td></td><td>96.7 (29/30)</td><td>0.03 (0.00, 0.24)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>85</td><td>82</td><td></td><td>167</td><td></td><td>(83.3, 99.4)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="7">All Female Subjectsc</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 36.50% (376/1030)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>282</td><td>95</td><td>377</td><td>74.8</td><td></td><td>5.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Grayzone</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(282/377)</td><td></td><td>(4.25, 6.27)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(70.2, 78.9)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>58</td><td>117</td><td>175</td><td>33.1</td><td>66.9</td><td>0.86</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(58/175)</td><td>(117/175)</td><td>(0.65, 1.15)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Negative</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(26.6, 40.4)</td><td>(59.6, 73.4)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>36</td><td>442</td><td>478</td><td></td><td>92.5</td><td>0.14</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(442/478)</td><td>(0.10, 0.19)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(89.7, 94.5)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Total</td><td>654</td><td>1030</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

The results for male subjects are presented in the following table.

Age Group: 18 to < 50 Years Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 43.75% (105/240)   

<table><tr><td>Adjudicated</td><td colspan="6">Male Subjects</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF %</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td></td><td>Non-</td><td></td><td>HF % (n/N)</td><td>(n/N)</td><td>Likelihood Ratio (HF)</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>HF</td><td>Total</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)b</td></tr></table>

Age Group: 50 to 75 Years   

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 44.71% (317/709)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>264</td><td>92</td><td>356</td><td>74.2</td><td>3.55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone</td><td rowspan="5"></td><td rowspan="5"></td><td colspan="2">(264/356)</td><td>(2.95, 4.27)</td></tr><tr><td>(69.4, 78.4)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>116 38.8</td><td>61.2</td><td>0.78</td></tr><tr><td>(45/116)</td><td>(71/116)</td><td>(0.56, 1.10)</td></tr><tr><td>(30.4, 47.9)</td><td>(52.1, 69.6)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Negative</td><td>8</td><td>229</td><td>237</td><td></td><td>96.6</td><td>0.04</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(229/237)</td><td>(0.02, 0.09)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Total</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(93.5, 98.3)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>317</td><td>392</td><td>709</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="5">Age Group: &gt; 75 Years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 55.41% (82/148)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>67</td><td>19</td><td>77.9</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>86</td><td></td><td>2.84</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(67/86)</td><td>(1.92, 4.20)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(68.1, 85.4)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="7">Male Subjects</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF % (n/N)</td><td>Likelihood Ratio (HF)</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td></td><td>(95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>14</td><td>25</td><td>39</td><td>35.9 (14/39) (22.7, 51.6)</td><td>64.1 (25/39) (48.4, 77.3)</td><td></td><td>0.45 (0.26, 0.80)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>1</td><td>22</td><td></td><td>23</td><td></td><td>95.7 (22/23)</td><td>0.04 (0.01, 0.26)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>82</td><td>66</td><td></td><td>148</td><td></td><td>(79.0, 99.2)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">All Male Subjectse</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 45.94% (504/1097)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>426</td><td>139</td><td>565</td><td>75.4</td><td>3.61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone</td><td></td><td></td><td>(426/565) (71.7, 78.8)</td><td></td><td>(3.10, 4.19)</td></tr><tr><td>63</td><td>102 165</td><td>38.2</td><td>61.8</td><td>0.73</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>(63/165)</td><td>(102/165)</td><td>(0.54, 0.97)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>(31.1, 45.8)</td><td>(54.2, 68.9)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Negative</td><td>15</td><td>352</td><td>367</td><td></td><td>95.9</td><td>0.05</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(352/367)</td><td>(0.03, 0.08)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(93.4, 97.5)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>504</td><td>593</td><td>1097</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

The pretest probability of adjudicated HF (prevalence of adjudicated HF in the study), posttest probabilities, and likelihood ratios of the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i result vs adjudicated diagnosis (along with the $9 5 \%$ CIs) were also determined for relevant clinical subgroups using the age-dependent positive cutoffs and age-independent negative cutoff.

The results for subjects with a history of HF are presented in the following table.

Age Group: 50 to 75 Years   

<table><tr><td>Adjudicated</td><td colspan="6">Subjects With History of HF</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="3">Posttest Probability of</td><td>Likelihood Ratio (HF)</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Age Group: 18 to &lt; 50 Years Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 71.70% (114/159)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>103</td><td>17</td><td>120</td><td>85.8</td><td></td><td>2.39</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>5</td><td>3</td><td></td><td>(103/120) (78.5, 91.0) 62.5</td><td>37.5</td><td>(1.64, 3.50) 0.66</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>6</td><td>25</td><td>31</td><td>(30.6, 86.3)</td><td>(3/8) (13.7, 69.4) 80.6</td><td>(0.16, 2.64) 0.09</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(25/31) (63.7, 90.8)</td><td>(0.04, 0.22)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>114</td><td>45</td><td>159</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 65.09% (427/656)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>344</td><td>82</td><td>426</td><td>80.8</td><td>2.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone</td><td rowspan="5">58</td><td rowspan="5"></td><td rowspan="2">(344/426)</td><td></td><td>(1.88, 2.69)</td></tr><tr><td>(76.7, 84.2)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>56.3</td><td>43.7</td><td>0.69 (0.48, 0.99)</td></tr><tr><td>103</td><td>(58/103)</td><td>(45/103)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Negative</td><td>25</td><td></td><td></td><td>(46.7, 65.5)</td><td>(34.5, 53.3)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>102</td><td>127</td><td></td><td>80.3</td><td>0.13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(102/127) (72.6, 86.3)</td><td>(0.09, 0.20)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>427</td><td>229</td><td>656</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="5">Age Group: &gt; 75 Years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 69.31% (131/189)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>107</td><td>22</td><td>129</td><td></td><td>2.15</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>82.9 (107/129)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="5"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(75.5, 88.5)</td><td>(1.53, 3.02)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="6">Subjects With History of HF</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Adjudicated Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF %</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>24</td><td>21</td><td>45</td><td>53.3 (24/45)</td><td>46.7 (21/45)</td><td>0.51 (0.31, 0.83)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>0</td><td>15</td><td>15</td><td></td><td>(32.9, 60.9) 100.0 (15/15)</td><td>0.01 (0.00, 0.24)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>131</td><td>58</td><td>189</td><td></td><td>(79.6, 100.0)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">All Subjects With History of HFc</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 66.93% (672/1004)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>554</td><td>121</td><td>675</td><td>82.1</td><td></td><td>2.26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone 87</td><td rowspan="5"></td><td rowspan="5"></td><td colspan="3">(554/675)</td><td>(1.95, 2.62)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">(79.0, 84.8)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">156</td><td>55.8</td><td>44.2</td><td>0.62</td></tr><tr><td>(87/156)</td><td>(69/156)</td><td>(0.47, 0.83)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(47.9, 63.3)</td><td>(36.7, 52.1)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Negative</td><td rowspan="4">31</td><td rowspan="4">142</td><td rowspan="4">173</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>82.1</td><td>0.11</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(142/173)</td><td>(0.07, 0.16)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(75.7, 87.1)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>672</td><td>332</td><td>1004</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

The results for subjects without a history of HF are presented in the following table.

Age Group: 50 to 75 Years   

<table><tr><td>Adjudicated</td><td colspan="6">Subjects Without History of HF</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td rowspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td rowspan="2">Likelihood Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Age Group: 18 to &lt; 50 Years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 15.28% (46/301)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>37</td><td>31</td><td>68</td><td>54.4 (37/68)</td><td></td><td>6.62 (4.62, 9.48)</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>2</td><td>10</td><td>12</td><td>(42.7, 65.7) 16.7 (2/12)</td><td>83.3 (10/12)</td><td>1.11 (0.25, 4.90)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>7</td><td>214</td><td>221</td><td></td><td>96.8 (214/221)</td><td>0.18 (0.09, 0.36)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>46</td><td>255</td><td>301</td><td></td><td>(93.6, 98.5)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="7">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 18.10% (126/696)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>93</td><td>66</td><td>159</td><td>58.5</td><td></td><td>6.37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Grayzone</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(93/159) (50.7, 65.9)</td><td></td><td>(4.97, 8.18)</td></tr><tr><td>22</td><td>102</td><td>124</td><td>17.7</td><td>82.3</td><td>0.98</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(22/124)</td><td>(102/124)</td><td>(0.64, 1.48)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Negative</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(12.0, 25.4)</td><td>(74.6, 88.0)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>11</td><td>402</td><td>413</td><td></td><td>97.3</td><td>0.12</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(402/413)</td><td>(0.07, 0.22)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Total</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(95.3, 98.5)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Age Group: &gt; 75 Years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 28.57% (36/126)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>24</td><td>16</td><td>60.0</td><td>3.75</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>40</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(24/40)</td><td>(2.27, 6.19)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(44.6, 73.7)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="6">Subjects Without History of HF</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Adjudicated Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF %</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>10</td><td>38</td><td>48</td><td>20.8 (10/48)</td><td>79.2 (38/48)</td><td>0.66 (0.37, 1.17)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>2</td><td>36</td><td>38</td><td>(11.7, 34.3)</td><td>(65.7, 88.3) 94.7 (36/38)</td><td>0.14 (0.04, 0.55)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>36</td><td>90</td><td>126</td><td></td><td>(82.7, 98.5)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">All Subjects Without History of HFc</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 18.52% (208/1123)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>154</td><td>113</td><td>267</td><td>57.7</td><td></td><td>6.00 (4.96, 7.25)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone 34</td><td rowspan="5"></td><td rowspan="5"></td><td colspan="2">(154/267)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(51.7, 63.5)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>184</td><td>18.5</td><td>81.5 1.00</td></tr><tr><td>(34/184)</td><td>(150/184)</td><td>(0.71, 1.40)</td></tr><tr><td>(13.5, 24.7)</td><td>(75.3, 86.5)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Negative</td><td>20</td><td>652</td><td>672</td><td></td><td>97.0</td><td>0.13</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(652/672)</td><td>(0.09, 0.21)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(95.4, 98.1)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>208</td><td>915</td><td>1123</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Patients with a history of HF had a higher rate of false positives compared to patients without a history of HF. Of the 332 total patients with a history of HF and adjudicated as non-HF, 121 $( 3 6 . 4 \% )$ had NT-proBNP concentrations greater than or equal to agedependent cutoffs. Of the 915 total patients with no history of HF and adjudicated as non-HF, 113 $( 1 2 . 3 \% )$ had NT-proBNP concentrations greater than or equal to agedependent cutoffs. This difference is likely due to long-standing chronic elevation of NT-proBNP in patients with a previous diagnosis of HF. Results should always be

assessed in conjunction with patient’s medical history, clinical examination, and other findings.

The results for subjects with an eGFR less than $6 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ are presented in the following table. This group was comprised of 548 patients with an eGFR between 30 and less than $6 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ and 80 patients with an eGFR less than $3 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ .

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Adjudicated Diagnosis</td><td></td><td>Posttest Probability of</td><td>Posttest Probability of Non-HF %</td><td>Likelihood</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Age Group: 18 to &lt; 50 Years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 72.22% (39/54)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>37</td><td>5</td><td>42</td><td>88.1</td><td></td><td>2.85</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(37/42) (75.0, 94.8)</td><td></td><td>(1.39, 5.84)</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>1</td><td>0</td><td></td><td>100.0 (1/1)</td><td>0.0 (0/1)</td><td>1.18 (0.05, 27.37)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>1</td><td></td><td></td><td>(20.7, 100.0)</td><td>(0.0, 79.3)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>11</td><td></td><td>90.9</td><td>0.04</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>10</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(10/11)</td><td>(0.01, 0.28)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(62.3, 98.4)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>39</td><td>15</td><td>54</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Age Group: 50 to 75 Years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 57.11% (237/415)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>201</td><td>58</td><td>259</td><td>77.6 (201/259)</td><td>2.60 (2.09, 3.24)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="6"></td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>27</td><td>50 77</td><td>(72.1, 82.3) 35.1</td><td>64.9</td><td>0.41</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(27/77)</td><td>(50/77)</td><td>(0.26, 0.62)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(25.3, 46.2)</td><td>(53.8, 74.7)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="6">Subjects With eGFR &lt; 60 mL/min/1.73 m2 Adjudicated</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF %</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>9</td><td>70</td><td>79</td><td></td><td>88.6 (70/79)</td><td>0.10</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(79.7, 93.9)</td><td>(0.05, 0.19)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>237</td><td>178</td><td>415</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Age Group: &gt; 75 Years Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 59.12% (94/159)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>78</td><td>22</td><td>100</td><td>78.0</td><td></td><td>2.45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(78/100) (68.9, 85.0)</td><td></td><td>(1.72, 3.49)</td></tr><tr><td>16</td><td>22</td><td>38</td><td>42.1</td><td>57.9</td><td>0.50</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(16/38)</td><td>(22/38)</td><td>(0.29, 0.88)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(27.9, 57.8)</td><td>(42.2, 72.1)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Negative</td><td>0</td><td>21</td><td>21</td><td>−</td><td>100.0</td><td>0.02</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(21/21)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(0.00, 0.26)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(84.5, 100.0)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>94</td><td>65</td><td>159</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">All Subjects With eGF R &lt; 60 mL/min/1.73 m-c Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 58.92% (370/628)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>316</td><td>85</td><td>401</td><td>78.8</td><td></td><td>2.59</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(316/401) (74.5, 82.5)</td><td></td><td>(2.17, 3.10)</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>44</td><td>72</td><td>116</td><td>37.9</td><td>62.1</td><td>0.43</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(44/116)</td><td>(72/116)</td><td>(0.30, 0.60)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(29.6, 47.0)</td><td>(53.0, 70.4)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>10</td><td>101</td><td>111</td><td></td><td>91.0</td><td>0.07</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(101/111)</td><td>(0.04, 0.13)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(84.2, 95.0)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>370</td><td>258</td><td>628</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

The results for subjects with an eGFR greater than or equal to $6 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ are presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="6">Subjects With eGFR ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73 m2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF %</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Age Group: 18 to &lt; 50 Years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 30.25% (121/400)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>103</td><td>43</td><td>146</td><td>70.5 (103/146)</td><td></td><td>5.52 (4.15, 7.34)</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>6</td><td>13</td><td>19</td><td>(62.7, 77.3) 31.6 (6/19)</td><td>68.4</td><td>1.06</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>12</td><td>223</td><td>235</td><td></td><td>94.9 (223/235)</td><td>0.12 (0.07, 0.21)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>121</td><td>279</td><td>400</td><td></td><td>(91.3, 97.1)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Age Group: 50 to 75 Years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 33.51% (312/931)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>232</td><td>90</td><td>322</td><td>72.0</td><td></td><td>5.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone 53</td><td rowspan="5"></td><td rowspan="5"></td><td>(232/322)</td><td></td><td>(4.18, 6.26)</td></tr><tr><td>(66.9, 76.7)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>150</td><td>35.3</td><td>64.7</td></tr><tr><td>(53/150)</td><td>(97/150)</td><td>1.08 (0.80, 1.47)</td></tr><tr><td>(28.1, 43.3)</td><td>(56.7, 71.9)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Negative</td><td>27</td><td>432</td><td>459</td><td></td><td>94.1</td><td>0.12</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(432/459)</td><td>(0.09, 0.18)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Total</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(91.6, 95.9)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>312</td><td>619</td><td>931</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Age Group: $>$ 75 Years Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): $4 6 . 4 5 \%$ (72/155)

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Adjudicated</td><td colspan="6">Subjects With eGFR ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73 m2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of HF % (n/N)</td><td rowspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td rowspan="2">Likelihood Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>(95% CI)a</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>52</td><td>16</td><td>68</td><td>76.5 (52/68)</td><td></td><td>3.75 (2.36, 5.95)</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>18</td><td>37</td><td>55</td><td>(65.1, 85.0) 32.7 (18/55)</td><td>67.3 (37/55)</td><td>0.56 (0.35, 0.89)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>2</td><td>30</td><td>32</td><td>(21.8, 45.9)</td><td>(54.1, 78.2) 93.8 (30/32)</td><td>0.08 (0.02, 0.31)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>72</td><td>83</td><td>155</td><td></td><td>(79.9, 98.3)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">All Subjects With eGFR ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73 m2 c</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 33.98% (505/1486)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>387</td><td>149</td><td>536</td><td>72.2</td><td></td><td>5.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone 77</td><td rowspan="5"></td><td rowspan="5"></td><td colspan="2">(387/536)</td><td>(4.32, 5.89)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">(68.3, 75.8)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>224</td><td>34.4</td><td>65.6 1.02</td></tr><tr><td>(77/224)</td><td>(147/224)</td><td>(0.79, 1.31)</td></tr><tr><td>(28.5, 40.8)</td><td>(59.2, 71.5)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Negative</td><td rowspan="2">41</td><td rowspan="2">685</td><td rowspan="2">726</td><td>→</td><td>94.4</td><td>0.12</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(685/726)</td><td>(0.09, 0.16)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td></td><td>(92.4, 95.8)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>505</td><td>981</td><td>1486</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Patients with an eGFR less than $6 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ had a higher rate of false positives compared to patients with an eGFR greater than or equal to $6 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ . Of the 258 total patients with an eGFR less than $6 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ and adjudicated as non-HF, 85 $( 3 2 . 9 \% )$ had NT-proBNP concentrations greater than or equal to agedependent cutoffs. Of the 981 total patients with an eGFR greater than or equal to

$6 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ and adjudicated as non-HF, 149 $( 1 5 . 2 \% )$ had NT-proBNP concentrations greater than or equal to age-dependent cutoffs. Eight patients adjudicated as non-HF $( 0 . 6 \% )$ had an unknown eGFR. Patients with an eGFR less than $6 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ had a higher rate of false negatives $( 9 . 0 \%$ [10/111]) compared to patients with an eGFR greater than or equal to $6 0 \mathrm { m L / m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 } ( 5 . 6 \% [ 4 1 / 7 2 6$ ]). All 10 of the false negatives in the eGFR less than $6 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ group were from patients with a BMI greater than or equal to $3 0 \mathrm { k g } / \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ . In patients with eGFR less than $6 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { m i n } / 1 . 7 3 \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ , caution should be used when interpreting NT-proBNP results. Results should always be assessed in conjunction with the patient’s medical history, clinical examination, and other findings.

The results for subjects with a BMI greater than or equal to $3 0 \mathrm { k g } / \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ are presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td>Adjudicated</td><td colspan="5">Subjects With BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Likelihood</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td></td><td>Non-</td><td></td><td>HF % (n/N)</td><td>Non-HF % (n/N)</td><td>Ratio (HF)</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>HF</td><td>Total</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)b</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Age Group: 18 to &lt; 50 Years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 40.75% (108/265)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>90</td><td>26</td><td>116</td><td>77.6 (90 / 116)</td><td>5.03 (3.51, 7.22)</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>7</td><td>8</td><td>15</td><td>(69.2, 84.2) 46.7 53.3 (7 / 15) (8 / 15)</td><td>1.27 (0.48, 3.40)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>11</td><td>123</td><td>134</td><td>(24.8, 69.9) (30.1, 75.2) 91.8 (123 / 134)</td><td>0.13 (0.07, 0.23)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>108</td><td>157</td><td>265</td><td>(85.9, 95.4)</td><td></td></tr></table>

Age Group: 50 to 75 Years Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): $4 6 . 9 2 \%$ (328/699)

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="6">Subjects With BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2 Adjudicated</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td rowspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td rowspan="2">Likelihood Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>231</td><td>54</td><td>285</td><td>81.1 (231 / 285) (76.1, 85.2)</td><td></td><td>4.84 (3.74, 6.25)</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>67</td><td>64</td><td>131</td><td>51.1 (67 / 131) (42.7, 59.5)</td><td>48.9 (64 / 131)</td><td>1.18 (0.87, 1.61)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>30</td><td>253</td><td>283</td><td></td><td>(40.5, 57.3) 89.4 (253 / 283)</td><td>0.13 (0.09, 0.19)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>328</td><td>371</td><td>699</td><td></td><td>(85.3, 92.5)</td><td></td></tr></table>

All Subjects With $\mathbf { B M I } \geq 3 0 ~ \mathrm { k g / m } ^ { 2 . }$ Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): $4 6 . 6 9 \%$ (500/1071)   

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Age Group: &gt; 75 Years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 59.81% (64/107)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>48</td><td>5</td><td>53</td><td>90.6 (48 / 53)</td><td>6.45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone</td><td rowspan="5">16</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td><td>(2.80, 14.88)</td></tr><tr><td>(79.7, 95.9)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>35</td><td>45.7</td><td>54.3</td><td>0.57 (0.33, 0.97)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>(16 / 35)</td><td>(19 / 35)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(30.5, 61.8)</td><td></td><td>(38.2, 69.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Negative</td><td>0</td><td>19</td><td>19</td><td></td><td>100.0</td><td>0.02</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(19/19)</td><td>(0.00, 0.28)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(83.2, 100.0)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>64</td><td>43</td><td>107</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="6">Subjects With BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td colspan="2">Adjudicated Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF %</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>90</td><td>91</td><td>181</td><td>49.7 (90/181)</td><td>50.3 (91/181)</td><td>1.13 (0.87, 1.47)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>41</td><td>395</td><td>436</td><td>(42.5, 56.9)</td><td>(43.1, 57.5) 90.6 (395/436)</td><td>0.12 (0.09, 0.16)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>500</td><td>571</td><td>1071</td><td></td><td>(87.5, 93.0)</td><td></td></tr></table>

The results for subjects with a BMI less than $3 0 ~ \mathrm { k g } / \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ are presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td>Adjudicated</td><td colspan="5">Subjects With BMI &lt; 30 kg/m2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF %</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td></td><td>Non-</td><td></td><td>HF % (n/N)</td><td>(n/N)</td><td>Likelihood Ratio (HF)</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>HF</td><td>Total</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)b</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">NT-proBNP Result</td><td rowspan="2">HF</td><td rowspan="2">Non- HF</td><td rowspan="2">Total</td><td rowspan="2">Probability of HF % (n/N)</td><td rowspan="2">Non-HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td rowspan="2">Likelihood Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>(95% CI)a</td></tr><tr><td>Age Group: 18 to &lt; 50 Years</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 30.41% (45/148)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>44</td><td>16</td><td>60</td><td>73.3 (44/60)</td><td></td><td>6.29 (4.00, 9.90)</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>0</td><td>4</td><td>4</td><td>(61.0, 82.9) 0.0 (0/4)</td><td>100.0 (4/4)</td><td>0.25 (0.01, 4.60)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>1</td><td>83</td><td></td><td>(0.0, 49.0)</td><td>(51.0, 100.0)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>98.8</td><td>0.03</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>84</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(83/84)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(0.00, 0.19)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(93.6, 99.8)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>45</td><td>103</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>148</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Adjudicated</td><td colspan="6">Subjects With BMI &lt; 30 kg/m2 Posttest</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="3">Posttest Probability of</td><td rowspan="2">Probability of Likelihood Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(n/N) (95% CI)a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Age Group: 50 to 75 Years Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 36.46% (198/543)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7"></td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>185</td><td>80</td><td>265</td><td>69.8 (185/265) (64.0, 75.0)</td><td></td><td>4.03 (3.31, 4.90)</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>9</td><td>69</td><td>78</td><td>11.5 (9/78) (6.2, 20.5)</td><td>88.5 (69/78) (79.5, 93.8)</td><td>0.23 (0.12, 0.45)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>4</td><td>196</td><td>200</td><td></td><td>98.0 (196/200)</td><td>0.04 (0.01, 0.09)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td></td><td>345</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>198</td><td></td><td>543</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(95.0, 99.2)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Age Group: > 75 Years   

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 51.08% (95/186)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>76</td><td>31</td><td>107</td><td>71.0</td><td></td><td>2.35</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(76/107)</td><td></td><td>(1.73, 3.18)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Grayzone</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(61.8, 78.8)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>17</td><td>32</td><td>49</td><td>34.7</td><td>65.3</td><td>0.51</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(17/49)</td><td>(32/49)</td><td>(0.30, 0.85)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Negative</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(22.9, 48.7)</td><td>(51.3, 77.1)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>28</td><td>30</td><td></td><td>93.3</td><td>0.07</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(28/30)</td><td>(0.02, 0.28)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(78.7, 98.2)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>95</td><td>91</td><td>186</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">All Subjects With BMI &lt; 30 kg/m2 c</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 38.54% (338/877)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>305</td><td>127</td><td>432</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>70.6</td><td></td><td>3.83</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(305/432)</td><td></td><td>(3.28, 4.48)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(66.1, 74.7)</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="6">Subjects With BMI &lt; 30 kg/m2</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP</td><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF %</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>26</td><td>105</td><td>131</td><td>19.8 (26/131)</td><td>80.2 (105/131)</td><td>0.39 (0.26, 0.59)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>7</td><td>307</td><td>314</td><td>(13.9, 27.5)</td><td>(72.5, 86.1) 97.8 (307/314)</td><td>0.04 (0.02, 0.08)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>338</td><td>539</td><td>877</td><td></td><td>(95.5, 98.9)</td><td></td></tr></table>

Patients with a BMI greater than or equal to $3 0 \mathrm { k g } / \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ had a higher rate of false negatives compared to patients with a BMI less than $3 0 \mathrm { k g } / \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ . Of the total observed false negatives (51/880), 41 $( 8 0 . 4 \% )$ were from patients with a BMI greater than or equal to $3 0 \mathrm { k g / m } ^ { 2 } , 7 ( 1 3 . 7 \% )$ were from patients with a BMI less than $3 0 ~ \mathrm { k g } / \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ , and 3 $( 5 . 9 \% )$ were from patients with an unknown BMI. In patients with a BMI less than $3 0 \mathrm { k g } / \mathrm { m } ^ { 2 }$ , the age greater than 75 years group had a higher rate of false negatives $( 6 . 7 \%$ [2/30]) than the other age groups. Results should always be assessed in conjunction with the patient’s medical history, clinical examination, and other findings. In patients with obesity, natriuretic peptides should be interpreted with caution.

The results for subjects with comorbidities are presented in the following table. Comorbidities include at least one of the following: diabetes, renal dysfunction (eGFR less than $6 0 ~ \mathrm { { m L / m i n / 1 . 7 3 ~ m ^ { 2 } } }$ ), hypertension, and/or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Patients with these comorbidities had a higher rate of false positives compared to patients without these comorbidities.

Age Group: 50 to 75 Years   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Adjudicated</td><td colspan="6">Subjects With Comorbidities Posttest</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="3">Posttest Probability of</td><td rowspan="2">Probability of Likelihood Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(n/N) (95% CI)a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Age Group: 18 to &lt; 50 Years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 43.67% (131/300)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>115</td><td>34</td><td>149</td><td>77.2 (115/149) (69.8, 83.2)</td><td></td><td>4.36 (3.21, 5.93)</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>7</td><td>10</td><td>17</td><td>41.2 (7/17) (21.6, 64.0)</td><td>58.8 (10/17) (36.0, 78.4)</td><td>0.90 (0.35, 2.31)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>9</td><td>125</td><td>134</td><td></td><td>93.3 (125/134)</td><td>0.09 (0.05, 0.18)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>131</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>169</td><td>300</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(87.7, 96.4)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">nige Group. so to rs Tcars Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 43.23% (527/1219)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>415</td><td>136</td><td>551</td><td>75.3</td><td>4.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone</td><td rowspan="5"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td>(415/551)</td><td></td><td>(3.42, 4.69)</td></tr><tr><td>(71.6, 78.7)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>133 211</td><td>37.0</td><td>63.0</td><td>0.77</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>(78/211)</td><td>(133/211)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(0.60, 0.99)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Negative</td><td>34</td><td></td><td></td><td>(30.7, 43.7)</td><td>(56.3, 69.3)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>423</td><td>457</td><td></td><td>92.6</td><td>0.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(423/457)</td><td>(0.08, 0.15)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(89.8, 94.6)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>527</td><td>692</td><td>1219</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Age Group: &gt; 75 Years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 55.25% (163/295)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>128</td><td>36</td><td>164 78.0</td><td>2.88</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(128/164)</td><td>(2.15, 3.85)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(71.1, 83.7)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="6">Subjects With Comorbidities</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Adjudicated Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF %</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>33</td><td>48</td><td>81</td><td>40.7 (33/81)</td><td>59.3 (48/81)</td><td>0.56 (0.38, 0.81)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>2</td><td>48</td><td>50</td><td>(30.7, 51.6)</td><td>(48.4, 69.3) 96.0 (48/50)</td><td>0.03 (0.01, 0.14)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>163</td><td>132</td><td>295</td><td></td><td>(86.5, 98.9)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="7">All Subjects With Comorbiditiesc</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 45.26% (821/1814)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>658</td><td>206</td><td>864</td><td>76.2</td><td></td><td>3.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Grayzone 118</td><td rowspan="5"></td><td rowspan="5"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td>(658/864)</td><td></td><td>(3.41, 4.38)</td></tr><tr><td>(73.2, 78.9)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>191 309</td><td>38.2</td><td>61.8</td><td>0.75</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(118/309)</td><td>(191/309)</td><td>(0.61, 0.92)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(32.9, 43.7)</td><td>(56.3, 67.1)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Negative</td><td>45</td><td>596</td><td>641</td><td></td><td>93.0</td><td>0.09</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(596/641)</td><td>(0.07, 0.12)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(90.7, 94.7)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>821</td><td>993</td><td>1814</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

The results for subjects without comorbidities are presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">NT-proBNP</td><td colspan="5">Subjects Without Comorbidities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Adjudicated Diagnosis</td><td>Posttest Probability of HF % (n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>Posttest Probability of Non-HF % (n/N)</td><td>Likelihood Ratio (HF) (95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">Age Group: 18 to &lt; 50 Years</td></tr><tr><td>Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 18.13% (29/160) Positive</td><td>25</td><td>14</td><td>39 64.1</td><td></td><td>8.07</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(25/39) (48.4, 77.3)</td><td></td><td>(4.81, 13.51)</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>0</td><td>3</td><td>3</td><td>0.0 (0/3) (0.0, 56.1) (43.9, 100.0)</td><td>100.0 0.64 (3/3) (0.03, 12.00)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>4</td><td>114</td><td>118</td><td>96.6 (114/118)</td><td>0.16 (0.06, 0.39)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>29</td><td>131</td><td>160</td><td>(91.6, 98.7)</td><td></td></tr></table>

Age Group: 50 to 75 Years   
Age Group: $>$ 75 Years Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 20.00% (4/20)   

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 19.55% (26/133)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>22</td><td>12</td><td>34</td><td>64.7</td><td>7.54</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(22/34)</td><td></td><td>(4.32, 13.18)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Grayzone</td><td>2</td><td></td><td></td><td>(47.9, 78.5) 12.5</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>14</td><td>16</td><td>87.5</td><td>0.59</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>(2/16)</td><td>(14/16)</td><td>(0.14, 2.43)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Negative</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(3.5, 36.0)</td><td>(64.0, 96.5)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>81</td><td>83</td><td></td><td>97.6</td><td>0.10</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(81/83)</td><td>(0.03, 0.39)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(91.6, 99.3)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>26</td><td>107</td><td>133</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="6">Subjects Without Comorbidities</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Adjudicated Diagnosis</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of HF % (n/N)</td><td colspan="2">Posttest Probability of Non-HF %</td></tr><tr><td>NT-proBNP Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non- HF</td><td>Total</td><td>(95% CI)a</td><td>(n/N) (95% CI)a</td><td>(95% CI)b</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone</td><td>1</td><td>11</td><td>12</td><td>8.3 (1/12) (1.5, 35.4)</td><td>91.7 (11/12)</td><td>0.36 (0.06, 2.05)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>0</td><td>3</td><td>3</td><td></td><td>100.0 (3/3)</td><td>0.52 (0.03, 8.39)</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>4</td><td>16</td><td>20</td><td></td><td>(43.9, 100.0)</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="7">All Subjects Without Comorbiditiesc</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Pretest Probability of HF (Prevalence of HF in Study): 18.85% (59/313)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>50</td><td>28</td><td>78</td><td>64.1 (50/78)</td><td></td><td>7.69 (5.33, 11.08)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="7"></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Grayzone</td><td>3</td><td>28</td><td>31</td><td>(53.0, 73.9) 9.7</td><td>90.3</td><td>0.46</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(3/31)</td><td>(28/31)</td><td>(0.15, 1.47)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(3.3, 24.9)</td><td>(75.1, 96.7)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="7"></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Negative</td><td>6</td><td>198</td><td>204</td><td></td><td>97.1</td><td>0.13</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(198/204)</td><td>(0.06, 0.28)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="7"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(93.7, 98.6)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>59</td><td>254</td><td>313</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

a The Wilson score method was used to calculate $9 5 \%$ CI for posttest probability. The log method was used to calculate $9 5 \%$ CI for likelihood ratio. The analysis across age groups used the pooled result based on age-dependent positive cutoff and age-independent rule-out cutoff.

The formulas below were used to calculate the pretest probabilities, posttest probabilities, and likelihood ratios in the tables above.

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Adjudicated Diagnosis</td></tr><tr><td>Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i Result</td><td>HF</td><td>Non-HF</td></tr><tr><td>Positive (≥ age-dependent cutoff)</td><td>A</td><td>B</td></tr><tr><td>Grayzone (≥ 300 pg/mL to &lt; age-dependent cutoff)</td><td>C</td><td>D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i Result</td><td colspan="2">Adjudicated Diagnosis</td></tr><tr><td>HF</td><td>Non-HF</td></tr><tr><td>Negative (&lt; 300 pg/mL [age-independent rule-out cutoff])</td><td>E</td><td>F</td></tr></table>

Posttest probability of HF:

Posttest probability of HF for positive test results $= \mathbf { A } / ( \mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B } )$ Posttest probability of HF for grayzone test results $= \mathrm { C } / ( \mathrm { C } + \mathrm { D } )$

Posttest probability of non-HF:

Posttest probability of non-HF for grayzone test results $= \mathrm { D } / ( \mathrm { C } + \mathrm { D } )$ Posttest probability of non-HF for negative test results $= \mathrm { F / ( E { + } F ) }$

Likelihood ratios of HF given Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i test result category:

Positive: $( \mathrm { A } / ( \mathrm { A } { + } \mathrm { C } { + } \mathrm { E } ) ) / ( \mathrm { B } / ( \mathrm { B } { + } \mathrm { D } { + } \mathrm { F } ) )$ Grayzone: $( \mathrm { C } / ( \mathrm { A + C + E } ) ) / ( \mathrm { D } / ( \mathrm { B + D + F } ) )$ ) Negative: $\mathrm { ( E / ( A { + } C { + } E ) ) / ( F / ( B { + } D { + } F ) ) }$

New York Heart Association (NYHA) Functional Classification

A total of 880 subjects had an NYHA functional classification. Descriptive statistics for the Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i test results $\mathrm { ( p g / m L ) }$ by NYHA classification for subjects adjudicated to have HF are presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Descriptive Statistics</td><td colspan="3">NYHA Functional Classa</td></tr><tr><td>I</td><td>III</td><td>IV</td></tr><tr><td>All Subjects</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>12</td><td>369</td><td>499</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>5535.8</td><td>5187.5</td><td>6485.6</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>6834.18</td><td>7056.92</td><td>7829.43</td></tr><tr><td>Minimum</td><td>89.5</td><td>27.1</td><td>19.8</td></tr><tr><td>5th Percentile</td><td>89.5</td><td>244.0</td><td>303.0</td></tr><tr><td>25th Percentile</td><td>1319.5</td><td>989.4</td><td>1492.8</td></tr><tr><td>Median</td><td>2846.4</td><td>2817.5</td><td>3928.2</td></tr><tr><td>75th Percentile</td><td>7399.7</td><td>6230.9</td><td>8349.3</td></tr><tr><td>95th Percentile</td><td>23734.0</td><td>20653.1</td><td>22086.6</td></tr><tr><td>Maximum</td><td>23734.0</td><td>60716.9</td><td>59178.1</td></tr></table>

Female Subjects

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Descriptive Statistics</td><td colspan="3">NYHA Functional Classa</td></tr><tr><td>I</td><td>III</td><td>IV</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>4</td><td>163</td><td>209</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>5667.6</td><td>4216.4</td><td>6500.1</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>6135.91</td><td>6073.57</td><td>8222.56</td></tr><tr><td>Minimum</td><td>264.5</td><td>27.1</td><td>22.8</td></tr><tr><td>5th Percentile</td><td>264.5</td><td>149.2</td><td>159.4</td></tr><tr><td>25th Percentile</td><td>492.6</td><td>749.2</td><td>1266.5</td></tr><tr><td>Median</td><td>4542.9</td><td>2172.1</td><td>3713.5</td></tr><tr><td>75th Percentile</td><td>11967.5</td><td>5022.1</td><td>8159.8</td></tr><tr><td>95th Percentile</td><td>13320.3</td><td>19295.7</td><td>24566.4</td></tr><tr><td>Maximum</td><td>13320.3</td><td>38880.9</td><td>47385.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Male Subjects</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>8</td><td>206</td><td>290</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>5469.9</td><td>5955.9</td><td>6475.2</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>7566.03</td><td>7674.86</td><td>7547.84</td></tr><tr><td>Minimum</td><td>89.5</td><td>166.7</td><td>19.8</td></tr><tr><td>5th Percentile</td><td>89.5</td><td>365.8</td><td>375.5</td></tr><tr><td>25th Percentile</td><td>1954.8</td><td>1221.8</td><td>1599.4</td></tr><tr><td>Median</td><td>2846.4</td><td>3702.6</td><td>4094.2</td></tr><tr><td>75th Percentile</td><td>5415.8</td><td>7202.5</td><td>8515.5</td></tr><tr><td>95th Percentile</td><td>23734.0</td><td>21410.7</td><td>21598.1</td></tr><tr><td>Maximum</td><td>23734.0</td><td>60716.9</td><td>59178.1</td></tr></table>

a No NYHA Class I subjects were included in the study.

# X. Conclusion

The information presented in this 510(k) premarket notification demonstrate that the subject device, Alere NT-proBNP for Alinity i (List Number 04S79), is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Roche Elecsys proBNP II (K092649).