Beckman Coulter, Inc. Mary Beth Tang Senior Staff Regulatory Affairs 250 South Kraemer Boulevard Brea, California 92821

Re: K242190 Trade/Device Name: Access Cortisol; DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1205 Regulation Name: Cortisol (Hydrocortisone and Hydroxycorticosterone) Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CGR, JJE Dated: January 24, 2025 Received: January 24, 2025

Dear Mary Beth Tang:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula V. Caposino, Ph.D.   
Deputy Division Director   
Division of Chemistry and   
Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K242190

Device Name   
Access Cortisol;   
DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Access Cortisol assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of cortisol levels in human serum, plasma (heparin, EDTA) and urine using the Access Immunoassay Systems. A cortisol (hydrocortisone and hydroxycorticosterone) test system is a device intended to measure the cortisol hormones secreted by the adrenal gland in serum, plasma and urine. Measurements of cortisol are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders of the adrenal gland.

The DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer combines the DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer and the Access 2 Immunoassa System into a single instrument presentation. The system is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

The chemistry module of the DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer is an automated chemistry analyzer that measures analytes in samples, in combination with appropriate reagents, calibrators, quality control (QC) material and other accessories. The immunoassay module of the DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer is an in-vitro diagnostic device used for the quantitative, semiquantitative, or qualitative determination of various analyte concentrations found in human body fluids.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Submitted By:

Mary Beth Tang   
Senior Staff Regulatory Affairs Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
250 S. Kraemer Boulevard   
Brea, CA 92821   
Telephone: 714-961-3728   
Fax: 714-961-4234   
Email: mbtang@beckman.com

# Date of Preparation:

March 4, 2025

# Device Name(s):

Proprietary Name: Access Cortisol   
Common Name: Cortisol (hydrocortisone and hydroxycorticosterone) test system   
Classification Name: Radioimmunoassay, Cortisol   
Class: Class II   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1205   
Product Code: CGR   
Proprietary Name: DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer   
Common Name: Discrete photometric analyzer for clinical use   
Classification Name: Analyzer, Chemistry (Photometric, Discrete), For Clinical Use   
Class: Class I   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.2160   
Product Code: JJE

# Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Docket</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Cortisol on the DxC 500iClinical Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Cortisol on the Access 2Immunoassay System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K050202</td></tr></table>

# Device Description:

The Access Cortisol assay is a competitive binding immuno-enzymatic assay designed for use on Beckman Coulter’s Access immunoassay analyzers in a clinical laboratory setting. Table 1 summarizes the device characteristics of the Access Cortisol assay on the DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer.

The DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer is an integrated chemistry-immunoassay work cell that combines Beckman Coulter’s DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer and the Access 2 Immunoassay System into a single instrument presentation. The DxC 500i instrument has a single user interface and common point of entry for sample racks; the sample handling unit operates as a parallel processor and sample manager for both sides of the instrument. The DxC 500i operates in conjunction with the existing reagents, calibrators, controls, and system solutions for the AU and Access instrument families.

# Indications for Use:

The Access Cortisol assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of cortisol levels in human serum, plasma (heparin, EDTA) and urine using the Access Immunoassay Systems. A cortisol (hydrocortisone and hydroxycorticosterone) test system is a device intended to measure the cortisol hormones secreted by the adrenal gland in serum, plasma and urine. Measurements of cortisol are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders of the adrenal gland.

The DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer combines the DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer and the Access 2 Immunoassay System into a single instrument presentation. The system is for in vitro diagnostic use only. The chemistry module of the DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer is an automated chemistry analyzer that measures analytes in samples, in combination with appropriate reagents, calibrators, quality control (QC) material and other accessories. The immunoassay module of the DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer is an in-vitro diagnostic device used for the quantitative, semi-quantitative, or qualitative determination of various analyte concentrations found in human body fluids.

# Comparison to the Predicate:

The Access Cortisol assay run on the DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer was compared to the Access Cortisol assay run on the stand-alone Access 2 Immunoassay System. Tables 1 and 2 compare the assay and instrument platform characteristics, respectively. The information from the predicate device was derived from the predicate device 510(k) Summary and product labeling.

Table 1 Predicate Device Comparison (Assay)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>omparloon (rtooay)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Access Cortisol assayon the Access 2 Immunoassay System(K050202)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Access Cortisol assayon the DxC 500iClinical Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Access Cortisol assay is a paramagneticparticle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for thequantitative determination of cortisol levels inhuman serum, plasma (heparin, EDTA) and urineusing the Access Immunoassay Systems. Acortisol (hydrocortisone and hydroxycorticosterone)test system is a device intended to measure thecortisol hormones secreted by the adrenal gland inserum, plasma and urine. Measurements of cortisolare used in the diagnosis and treatment ofdisorders of the adrenal gland.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding immunoassay withchemiluminescence detection (automated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid Phase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paramagnetic particles coated with goat anti-rabbitIgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisol-alkaline phosphatase (bovine) conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum containing cortisol (purified chemicalcompound) at levels of 0 and approximately 2, 5,10, 25, and 60 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USP Reference Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Open-PackStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable at 2 to 10° for 4 days after initial use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, plasma, urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 to 60.0 μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3 to 60.0 µg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access 2 and DxC 500iClinical Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent IFU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A33262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D12398A</td></tr></table>

Table 2 Predicate Device Comparison (Instrument)   

<table><tr><td>Feature Intended Use</td><td>Predicate Device: K121214, Access 2 Immunoassay System</td><td>Candidate Device: DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The Access 2 Analyzer is an in-vitro diagnostic device used for the quantitative, semi-quantitative, or qualitative determination of various analyte concentrations found in human body fluids.</td><td>The DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer combines the DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer and the Access 2 Immunoassay System into a single instrument presentation. The system is for in vitro diagnostic use only. The chemistry module of the DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer is an automated chemistry analyzer that measures analytes in samples, in combination with appropriate reagents, calibrators, quality control (QC) material and other accessories. The immunoassay module of the DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer is an in-vitro diagnostic device used for the quantitative, semi-quantitative, or qualitative determination of various analyte concentrations found in human body fluids.</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Modules</td><td>Access 2 Immunoassay Analyzer with closed chemiluminescence module</td><td>A modified Access 2 system serves as the immunoassay module in the DxC 500i work cell configuration. Beckman Coulter's DxC 500 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer serves as the chemistry module in the DxC 500i work cell configuration. The analytical processes on both analytical modules are identical to those on the respective stand- alone analyzers; technological characteristics, sample and reagent dispensing, chemistry analysis, and data</td></tr><tr><td>Test Systems</td><td>Menu of cleared and exempt Access assays; user-enabled system configuration.</td><td>reduction modules are all unchanged. Menu of cleared and exempt Access (immunoassay) and AU (chemistry) assays; user-enabled system configuration.</td></tr><tr><td>Assay Parameters</td><td>Database of Access Assay Protocol Files for Access 2 Systems</td><td>Same for immunoassay module; chemistry module uses current AU assay settings.</td></tr><tr><td>System Console</td><td>Access 2 console for hardware configuration as currently marketed</td><td>Shared console for the integrated hardware configuration; manages combined chemistry and immunoassay module operations.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: K121214,Access 2 Immunoassay System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GUI Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User interface unique to Access 2Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User interface common to new BeckmanCoulter analyzers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma, urine, amniotic fluid,whole blood hemolysate (off-linepreparation)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same; chemistry module includes wholeblood (online hemolysate preparation)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Input</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample rack load area with a samplewheel that accommodates all sampletypes (routine, STAT, QC,calibration)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shared sample input area: Continuoussample loading (routine, STAT, QC,calibration, maintenance) from single pointof entry on the shared sample handler.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleHandling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open primary tubes/cups loaded in aunique 10-tube rack, continuousloading (patient, STAT, QC,calibration, maintenance samples)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open primary tubes/cups loaded in a 7-tuberack common to new Beckman Coulteranalyzers, continuous loading (patient, STAT,QC, calibration, maintenance samples)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stationary internal barcode reader</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dynamic barcode reader attached to the rackshuttle on the shared sample handler</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentLoading</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal fixed barcode reader withrefrigerated onboard storage;reagents can be loaded duringinstrument measurement cycle.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultsManagement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The analytical module collects andsends the response data to theinstrument console and calculatesthe final test results for reporting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same; the shared console collates thechemistry and immunoassay test results.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TrackConnectivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Comparison Testing:

Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through non-clinical (bench) studies. CLSI study protocols were used to ensure that the technological differences between the candidate and predicate analyzer models did not adversely affect safety and effectiveness; these performance evaluations included method comparison, linearity, imprecision, and detection limit studies. Additional studies were conducted for carryover and thermal sensitivity.

# Summary of Performance Data:

The method comparison studies between the Access Cortisol assay on the DxC 500i Clinical Analyzer and the Access Cortisol assay on the Access 2 Immunoassay System were designed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP09C-ED3, Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Third Edition. The study evaluated both serum and urine using test samples that spanned the measuring range of the assay $( 2 . 3 - 6 0 . 0 \ \mu \mathfrak { g } / \mathsf { d L } )$ . The test results met the slope criteria of $1 . 0 0 \pm 0 . 1 2$ using Weighted Deming regression analysis.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationRange(μg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope 95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(μg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient(r)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3 - 56.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.974</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.952 - 0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1 - 59.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.976- 1.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.992</td></tr></table>

\*Unextracted, random collection

Linearity studies were designed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP06-ED2:2020, Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline, ${ 2 ^ { n d } }$ Edition. The Access Cortisol assay was determined to be linear throughout the analytical measuring range on the DxC 500i analyzer.

Repeatability (within-run) and within-laboratory (total) precision studies followed CLSI guideline EP05-A3, Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline - Third Edition. The Access Cortisol assay met the established performance specification for allowable imprecision of $< 1 2 \%$ at approximately $5 \mu \ g / \ d \mathsf { L }$ and $< 1 0 \%$ for higher concentrations for all test samples when run on the DxC 500i analyzer.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DxC 500iInstrument</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanValue(μg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total(Within-laboratory)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(μg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(μg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr></table>

Detection capability studies followed the CLSI guideline EP17-A2 “Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures Approved Guideline - Second Edition”. The Access Cortisol assay on the ${ \sf D } \times { \sf C }$ 500i Clinical Analyzer produced the following results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Blank (LoB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection (LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) ≤ 20% within-lab CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 22</td></tr></table>

# Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

The data contained in the Premarket Notification supports a finding of substantial equivalence to the measurand test systems already in commercial distribution. The performance testing presented in this submission provides evidence that the device is safe and effective in its Intended Use.