Safecare Biotech (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. Selina Zhang   
Manager   
18 Haishu Road, Yuhang District   
Hangzhou, 311121   
China

Re: K242767 Trade/Device Name: Safecare Urinary Tract Infection Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1510 Regulation Name: Nitrite (Nonquantitative) Test System Regulatory Class: Class I (meets the limitations of exemptions in 862.9(c)(9)) Product Code: JMT, LJX Dated: December 9, 2024 Received: December 9, 2024

Dear Selina Zhang:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Deputy Division Director   
Division of Chemistry and   
Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

<table><tr><td>Submission Number (if known)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>K242767</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Safecare Urinary Tract Infection Test</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use (Describe)</td><td></td></tr></table>

The Safecare Urinary Tract Infection Test is for the qualitative detection f Leukocytes (LEU,whiteblod over-the-counter home use.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW

Teburdenthoctinoationtiateverehours ppnsenc time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain thedata needed and complete an review the colectioninformation Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any otheraspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td colspan="2">510(k)#: K242767</td><td>510(k) Summary</td><td>Prepared on: 2024-12-09</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Contact Details</td><td>21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4" colspan="2">Applicant Name Applicant Address Applicant Contact Telephone</td><td colspan="2">Safecare Biotech (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">18 Haishu Road, Yuhang District Hangzhou, China Hangzhou 311121</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">China 086-57181389219</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Applicant Contact Ms. Selina Zhang Applicant Contact Email</td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>Dylan.wu921@gmail.com</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Device Trade Name Safecare Urinary Tract Infection Test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="4">Common Name Classification Name Regulation Number Product Code(s)</td><td>Leukocyte peroxidase test</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Nitrite (nonquantitative) test system</td></tr><tr><td>862.1510</td></tr><tr><td>JMT, LJX</td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Legally Marketed Predicate Devices 21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate #</td><td colspan="2">Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed frst)</td><td>Product Code</td></tr><tr><td>K231045</td><td colspan="2"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Healgen URS Test Strips</td><td colspan="2"></td><td>LJX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Device Description Summary 21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)</td></tr></table>

the color change of the pad and comparing with the corresponding blocks on a color chart.   
the screening of a Urinary Tract infection (UTl). It is intended for over-the-counter home use only.

# Intended Use/Indications for Use

# 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)

ani n the eenin   Urinar Trac infectin  Intende or verhe-untrhomus.

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use Comparison 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)</td></tr></table>

The device has the same indications for use in comparison to the predicate device.

# Technological Comparison

# 21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)

urine.

Safecare Urinary Tract Infection Test

tetrahydrobenzo(h) quinoline to produce a pink color.   
compound (pink to purple).   
The Specimen type of proposed device is the same as predicate device K231045, i.e. Human urine.   
TTt eviem picaev n k.   
The Conditions for Usef propose devic is the same as predicate deviceK231045, i.Over-the-Counter   
.

# Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions 21 CFR 807.92(b)

1.Precision and Reproducibility

each level of control.

2.Analytical Specificity/Interference

.

High glucose levels $( \geq 1 0 0 0 { \mathrm { m g / d L } } )$ and high ascorbic aid $( \geq 1 5 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ $\lvert \ge 1 5 0 \mathrm { m g } /$

${ > } 8 . 0$ may cause false positive leukocyte readings, and specific gravity $e 1 . 0 3 5$ may cause false negative leukocyte readings. There is no

not be tested.

Sample Carryover

.

3.Assay Reportable Range   
The results of the analytical studies support the following measurement ranges:   
Leukocytes: qualitative: Negative, Trace, $+ , + + , + + ;$ semi-quantitative: Negative, 0.0018, 0.0084,0.0015, 0.060(mg/mL)   
Nitrite: qualitative: Negative, Positive

4. Traceability, Stability, Expected Values

T Stability

The sponsor provided information to support that the device is stable for 24 months when stored at $4 - 3 0 \%$ based on real-time stability studies.

T stability study that demonstrated an open-pouch stability of 1 hour

5. Assay Cut-off

u $9 5 \%$ of the time. The results support the claim that the sensitivity of the leukocyte test is $0 . 0 0 1 8 \mathrm { m g / m L }$ and the sensitivity of the nitrite test is $0 . 0 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ minutes).

6.Comparison Studies:

<table><tr><td>Lay user Study</td></tr><tr><td>T </td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>healthcare professionals using the predicate device are summarized below. </td></tr><tr><td>r0.01%0.</td></tr><tr><td>Block), all grads are 100%. </td></tr><tr><td>Match) are both 100% for positive (60 cases) and negative (94 cases). </td></tr><tr><td> reading grade level of less than 7.</td></tr></table>

is substantially equivalent to the predicate.