# JUN 1 3 2005

# 1.0 Submitted By:

Annette Hellie Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist Beckman Coulter, Inc. 200 S. Kraemer Blvd. W-110 Brea, CA 92822-8000 Telephone: (714) 993-8767 FAX: (714) 961-4123

# 2.0 Date Submitted

May 18, 2005

# 3.0 Device Name(s):

3.1 Proprietary Names SYNCHRON Systems Benzodiazepine Reagent   
3.2 Classification Names Benzodiazepine test system. [862.3170]

# 4.0 Legally Marketed Device

The SYNCHRON Systems Benzodiazepine Reagent claims substantial equivalence to the SYNCHRON Systems Benzodiazepine Reagent currently in commercial distribution.(FDA 510(k) Number K023048)

# 5.0 Device Description

The SYNCHRON Systems Benzodiazepine (BENZ) reagent is designed for optimal performance on the SYNCHRON CX (CX4/4CE/4N4PRO, CX5/5CE/5∆/5PRO, CX7/7RTS/7N7PRO, CX9ALX/9PRO), LX20/PRO, and UniCel DxC 600/800 Systems. The reagent kit contains one 250-test cartridge that is packaged separately from the associated calibrators.

Benzodiazepine (BENZ) Reagent, in conjunction with SYNCHRON® Systems Drugs of Abuse Testing (DAT) Urine Calibrators, is intended for the qualitative determination of benzodiazepines in human urine at a cutoff value of 200 ng/mL (oxazepam), on SYNCHRON Systems.

The Benzodiazepine assay provides a rapid screening procedure for determining the presence of benzodiazepines in urine. This test provides only a preliminary analytical result; a positive result by this assay should be confirmed by another generally accepted non-immunological method, such as thin layer chromatography (TLC), gas chromatography (GC), or gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS). GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

7.0 Comparison to the Predicate (Description of the Modification to the Legally Marketed Device)

The SYNCHRON Systems Benzodiazepine reagent antibody has been modified for drug cross-reactivity.

# 8.0 Summary of Performance Data

Performance data from validation testing supports equivalency.

# JUN 1 3 2005

Ms. Annette Hellie Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist Beckman Coulter, Inc. 200 S. Kraemer Blvd. W-110 Brea, CA 92822-8000

Re:  k051307 Trade/Device Name: SYNCHRON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Systems Benzodiazepine Reagent Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3170 Regulation Name: Benzodiazepine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JXM Dated: May 18, 2005 Received: May 19, 2005

Dear Ms. Hellie:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

page _1_of_1

510(k) Number (if known): K05/307

# Device Name: SYNCHRON® Systems Benzodiazepine Reagent

Indications for Use:

Benzodiazepine (BENZ) Reagent, in conjunction with SYNCHRON ® Systems Drugs of Abuse Testing (DAT) Urine Calibrators, is intended for the qualitative determination of benzodiazepines in human urine at a cutoff value of 200 ng/mL, (oxazepam) on SYNCHRON Systems.

The Benzodiazepine assay provides a rapid screening procedure for determining the presence of benzodiazepines in urine. This test provides only a preliminary analytical result; a positive result by this assay should be confirmed by another generally accepted non-immunological method, such as thin layer chromatography (TLC), gas chromatography (GC), or gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS). GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

Prescription Use × AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

# Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety