$$
1 1 0 5 2 / 9 7
$$

# JUN - 9 2006

# 510(k) Summary

Date of Summary: 30 May, 2005

Product Name First Sign™ Drug of Abuse Urine Screening Tests

# Sponsor and Manufacturer

WHPM, Inc. 9662 Telstar Avenue El Monte, CA 91731

WHPM, Bioresearch and Technology Co. Ltd. 806 Taihong Mansion, No 44 Chongwai Street Chongwai District   
Beijing, China 100062

Product will be manufactured in both locations and distributed through the California site.

# Correspondent

Fran White, President MDC Associates, LLC 163 Cabot Street Beverly, MA 01915

# Substantial Equivalency

The First Sign™ Drug of Abuse Urine Screening Test is substantially equivalent to other tests currently on the market.

First Sign Test Analyte   
Oxazepam   
Oxycodone   
Secobarbital   
Methadone   
Nortriptyline   
MDMA

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Predicate Device Name Predicate Device 510(k) #</td></tr><tr><td>ACON BZO One Step Benzodiazepine Test Strip</td><td>K012300</td></tr><tr><td>ACON OXY One Step Oxycodone Test Strip</td><td>K043507</td></tr><tr><td>ACON BAR One Step Barbiturates Test Strip</td><td>K050593</td></tr><tr><td>ACON MTD One Step Methadone test Strip</td><td>K012595</td></tr><tr><td>ACON TCA One Step Tricyclic Antidepressants</td><td>K021526</td></tr><tr><td>ACON MDMA One Step Ecstasy Test Strip</td><td>K022589</td></tr></table>

# Product Description

The First Sign Drug of Abuse Tests are rapid, chromatographic immunoassays for the qualitative detection of drugs-of-abuse in human urine.

# Indications for Use

The First Sign Drug of Abuse Tests are rapid, chromatographic immunoassays for the combinations of up to six drugs simultaneously. The cut-off concentrations for these drugs are as follows: Nortriptyline 1,000ng/mL, Secobarbital 300ng/mL, MDMA 500ng/mL, Oxazepam $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ,Methadone $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , Oxycodone $1 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . For Professional Use Only.

# Performance Characteristics

A clinical evaluation compared test results between the First Sign Drugs of Abuse Tests and GC/MS or HPLC results. The results are summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Sign Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGntalow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGentlowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;99%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;99%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;99%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;99%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

Clinical studies demonstrate the substantial equivalence between the First Sign Drugs of Abuse Tests [Nortriptyline, Secobarbital, MDMA, Oxazepam, Methadone, and Oxycodone] and commercially available FDA-cleared drugs of abuse tests. The studies also demonstrated that the First Sign tests are safe and effective in detecting drugs of abuse at or above their stated cut-off concentrations.

# JUN - 9 2006

WHPM, Inc   
c/o Ms. Fran White   
President   
MDC Associates, LLC. 163 Cabot Street   
Beverly, MA 01915

Re: k052197 Trade/Device Name: First Sign Drug of Abuse Urine Screening Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3620 Regulation Name: Methadone test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJR, LFG, DIS, LAF, JXM, DJG Dated: May 11, 2006 Received: May 12, 2006

Dear Ms. White:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Alberto Gytierrez, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K052197

Device Name:

First Sign Drug of Abuse Urine Screening Test

Indications For Use:

The First Sign Drug of Abuse Tests are rapid, chromatographic immunoassays for the qualitative detection of drugs-of-abuse in human urine. The tests may be run singly of in combinations of up to six drugs simultaneously. The cut-off concentrations and specific analytes tested for are listed below.

This assay provides only a preliminary test result.A more specific alterate chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical and professional judgment must be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are obtained.

For Professional Use Only.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Sign Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Sign Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Sign MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mdma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Sign Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Sign Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Sign Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300ng/mL</td></tr></table>