# OC1 6 - 2005

510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21CFR 807.92.

The asigned 1ok) uberis Ko 249

# ESA BIOSCIENCES, INC. ESA INTERNATIONAL, INC.

22 Alpha Road   
Chelmsford, MA 01824.4171   
United States   
(978) 250-7000   
Fax (978) 250-7090   
www.esainc.com

# ESA LABORATORIES, INC.

22 Alpha Road   
Chelmstord, MA 01824-4171   
United Stutes   
(978) 250-7150   
Fax (978) 250-717!

# ESA ANALYTICAL, LTD.

Brook Farm, Dorton   
Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire   
HP18 9NH Engiand '4) 239381 844) 239382

# CYPRESS SYSTEMS

A Division of ESA Biosciences, Inc. 2300 West 31s Street, Suite A   
Iawrence, KS 66047   
United Stales   
(800) 235-2436   
Fax (785) 832.0406   
www.cypresssystems.com

1. Submitter's Information

ESA Biosciences Inc   
22 Alpha Road   
Chelmsford, MA 01824 USA   
Contact: Harold Asp, Quality Assurance Manager   
Phone: (978) 250-7000   
Fax: (978) 250-7090

Date Summary Prepared: September 15, 2005

2 Device Name

Product Name: LeadCare® II Blood Lead Testing System Classification Name: Atomic Absorption, Lead Common/Usual Name: Anodic Stripping Voltammetry (ASV) Proprietary Name: LeadCare® II Blood Lead Testing System Product Code: DOF

3. Predicate Device

Substantial Equivalence to ESA Bioscience Inc. (formerly ESA Inc.) LeadCare® Blood Lead Testing System. (K971640)

Device Description

The LeadCare® II Blood Lead Testing System is an instrumented assay utilizing electrochemistry and a unique sensor to be used for the quantitation of lead in whole human blood. Testing can be performed on venous or capillary samples. The system is comprised of an analyzer, sensor (single use, disposable), reagent vial (filled with a measured amount of Treatment Reagent) and a calibration button. The system is powered by 4 AA batteries or AC Adapter. A built in self test checks the electronic functions of the analyzer cach time it is turned on. Blood lead controls are available to monitor the precision and accuracy of the system.

$$
\int \limits _ { \sum c \sum \limits _ { i = 1 } ^ { n } \sum \limits _ { n = 1 } ^ { \infty } \int \cos 6 = 1 } I _ { c } f _ { i + 1 }
$$

The methodology of the system is Anodic Stripping Voltammetry (ASV). Most lead is carried in red blood cells. When a sample of whole blood is mixed with Treatment Reagent, the lead in the red blood cells is released and made available for detection. During the Pb test, the analyzer causes the lead to collect on the sensor. After a specified time, the analyzer removes the lead accumulated on the sensor. The current response (a peak shaped curve) is baseline corrected, quantified and converted to a blood Pb value. The analyzer displays the blood Pb level in units of $\mu \mathrm { g / d L }$ .

The test electrode is covered by a thin layer of colloidal gold in an inert polymer matrix. The treatment reagent contains a dilute hydrochloric acid solution in water.

# 5. Intended Use

The LeadCare® II Blood Lead Testing System is an instrumented assay to be used in the quantitation of lead in whole human blood. The LeadCare® II System is suitable for use in a physician's office laboratory (POL).

# Comparison to Predicate Device

The LeadCare® II Bllod Lead Testing System is a modification of the LeadCare® Blood Lead Testing System and is substantially equivalent to it. The table below summarizes the similarities and differences.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Feature              LeadCare® System    LeadCare® II SystemIntended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An Instrumented assay to beUsed in the quantitation ofLead in human whole blood.The LeadCare®System issuitable for use inPhysician&#x27;s OfficeLaboratory Environment(POL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as LeadCare®.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anodic StrippingVoltmmetry (ASV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as LeadCare®.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh human whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as LeadCare®.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Collection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Skin puncture orvenipuncture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as LeadCare®.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treatment Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilute hydrochloric acidsolution in water</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as LeadCare®.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uses 50μl pipette to transfersample from reagent tube tosensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uses 50μl capillary tube totransfer sample fromreagent tube to sensor</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Feature             LeadCare® System   LeadCare II SystemSensor (Test Strip)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sensor (Test Strip)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(2)Screen printed conductiveinks on an inert polymersubstrate. (1) screen printeddielectric ink is for insulationand electrode area definition.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as LeadCare®.In addition, a plastic spacerand lid are attached to thesensors to create a channel,which fills via capillaryaction.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Active Test Electrode area</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Test electrode is covered bya thin layer of colloidal goldin an inert polymer matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as LeadCare®.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Electronic calibration button</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as LeadCare®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Check for Sensor LotExpiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Checks sensor lotexpiration date passed in onthe calibration button forthat particular lot ofsensors.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Internal Self Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Self test checks electronicfunctions of analyzer eachtime it is turned on</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as LeadCare®.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sensor Connector</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Makes electrical contact withsensor.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensor insertion detectionand makes electrical contactwith sensor.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Unit of Measure</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Results displayed inmicrograms of lead perdeciliter of whole blood(μg/dl of Pb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same as LeadCare®.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Displayed Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pb result is displayed untilthe Start button is pressed.Upon power-up after autoshut-off, last result isdisplayed.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pb result is displayed until anew sensor is inserted.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reportable Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.4-65 μg/dl of Pb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same as LeadCare.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2 levels of external control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2 levels of external control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Power Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>AC Adapter or one 9 voltbattery</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>AC Adapter or 4 AAbatteries</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>On/Off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Start button acts as Onswitch; auto shut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>On/Off switch and autoshut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same as LeadCareR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Initiation of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>User presses Start buttonafter applying sample.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Analyzer starts the test afterconfirming enough samplehas been added to thesensor.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Pb Test Algorithm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ASV routine; Pb peakidentified and quantified;blood Pb result assignedusing look-up tables</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same as LeadCare®.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Error Messages</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5 error codes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>16 error messages</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Audible Tones</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Beep&quot; at power-up; atbeginning of test; at end oftest: after calibration.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same as LeadCare®</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>User Interface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Custom display, limitedmessage capability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Alphanumeric display, 4lines by 20 charactersallows useful messages toguide users throughprocedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Feature              LeadCare® System    LeadCare® II System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Operating Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temperature: 54°-97° F (12-36C) Relative Humidity12%-80% (non condensing)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same asLeadCare®.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity (Limit OfDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 μg/dl Pb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 μg/dl Pb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display Resolution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 μg/dl Pb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same asLeadCare®.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Discussion of Non-Clinical Performance Data

A method comparison study was conducted in which 108 human samples were run on six LeadCare Il analyzers over 5 days and compared with results run by graphite furnace atomic absorption spectroscopy (GFAAS). Of the 108 samples, 22 were spiked (86 were unspiked).

The results from this study gave the foilowing regression:

$$
\textsf { Y } ( \mathsf { L e a d C a r e ~ I I } ) = 1 . 0 4 0 \times \mathsf { G F A A S } + 0 . 1 2 , \mathsf { s } _ { \mathrm { y } , \mathrm { x } } = 1 . 3 0 , \mathsf { r } = 0 . 9 9 6
$$

The average LeadCare II bias from reference is shown in Table 1 for three ranges.

Table 1 Average LeadCare Il average bias from GFAAS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leadconcentrationμg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LeadCare lbias fromGFAAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LeadCare II% bias fromGFAAS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cao</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1 - 25.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.1 - 65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr></table>

These results are similar to the LeadCare results, which had a regression equation of:

$$
\textsf { Y } ( \mathsf { L e a d C a r e } \mid ) = 0 . 9 9 2 \times \mathsf { G F A A S } + 0 . 9 4
$$

Since the LeadCare I1 average biases are well within goals, LeadCare Il is substantially equivalent to LeadCare .

# 8. Conclusions

In summary, based on comparison with the legally marketed LeadCare® Blood Lead Testing System, the data demonstrates that the LeadCare® II Blood Lead testing System performs as well as the predicate device and do not present new issues of safety and effectiveness.

$$
\sin \theta = \sin \theta \cos \theta + \cos \theta
$$

# OCT 6 - 2005

Mr. Harold Asp   
Quality Assurance Manager ESA Biosciences Inc.   
22 Alpha Road   
Chelmsford, MA 01824

Re: k052549 Trade/Device Name: LeadCare $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II Blood Lead Testing System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3550 Regulation Name: Lead test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DOF Dated: September 15, 2005 Received: September 16, 2005

Dear Mr. Asp:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

CarolC. Benam

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k Number (f known): K052549

Device Name: LEADCARE® II BLOOD LEAD TESTING SYSTEM

Indications For Use:

# For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only

The LeadCare $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II Blood Lead Testing System is an instrumented assay to be used in the quantitation of lead in human whole blood. The Leadcare $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II System is suitable for use in a physician's office laboratory environment (POL).

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 1 of _1

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and ety   
510(k) k052549 Sarti.. 1.. 1 51