# 510(k) Summary for the Dimension Vista™M System Drug 3 Calibrator (DRUG 3 CAL - KC430)

A. 510(k) Number:   
B. Analytes: Cyclosporine (CSA)   
C. Type of Test: Calibrator Material   
D. Applicant: Dade Behring Inc., P.O. Box 6101, Newark, DE 19714-6101 Victor M. Carrio, Regulatory Affairs and Compliance Manager Office: (302) 631-0376 Fax: (302) 631-6299

E. Proprietary and Established Names:

Dimension Vista™M System Drug 3 Calibrator (DRUG 3 CAL - KC430)

# F. Regulatory Information:

1. Regulation section: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862-3200  Clinical Toxicology Calibrator

2. Classification: Class HI

3. Product Code: DLJ  Calibrator, Drug Specific

4Panel: Clinical Chemistry

G. Intended Use:

The DRUG 3 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of Cyclosporine SA methd n he Dimnsion isSys.

# H. Device Description:

DRUG 3 CAL is a frozen, liquid, human whole blood hemolysate containing cyclosporine. The kit consists of six vials, three vials of Calibrator A, and three vials of Calibrator B which are frozen. The volume for Calibrator A is $2 . 0 \mathrm { m L }$ per vial and for Calibrator B is $1 . 5 \mathrm { m L }$ per vial. Intermediate levels are automatically prepared and corresponding values calculated by the Dimension Vista™ System.

# I. Substantial Equivalence Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>New Device                             Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension VistaTM SystemDrug 3 Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension® CSA CalibratorK011112</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DRUG 3 CAL is an in vitro diagnosticproduct for the calibration of Cyclosporine(CSA) method on the Dimension Vista™MSystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CSA Calibrator is an in vitro diagnosticproduct intended to be used to calibrate theCyclosporine (CSA) method for theDimension clinical chemistry system.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USP&#x27; Cyclosporine A.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USP Cyclosporine A.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human whole blood containingcyclosporine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human whole blood containingcyclosporine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two levels².</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five levels.</td></tr></table>

' United States Pharmacopeia. 2 Intermediate levels are automatically prepared and corresponding values calculated by the Dimension Vista™ System.

# J. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced:

1. Guidance:

Guidance for Industry - Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators; Final, 02/22/1999 Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Use of Symbols on Labels and in Labeling of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices Intended for Professional Use, 11/30/2004 Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Cyclosporine and Tacrolimus Assays; Guidance for Industry and FDA

# 2. Standards:

CEN 13640 Stability testing of In-Vitro Diagnostic Devices ISO 14971:2000 Medical devices -Application of risk management to medical devices

# K. Performance Characteristics:

# 1. Stability:

Target shelf life for the Dimension Vista™M System Drug 3 Calibrator is 12 months. Calibrator shelf life is determined by comparing results of the product stored at $\mathbf { - 2 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ with control stored at ${ \bf - 7 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ The method is calibrated from this stored material. The $- 2 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ material values are recovered versus the calibration. Recovery versus time is monitored and percent change over time is determined. Percent change should be less than or equal to $5 \%$ Shelf-life stability (expiration) dating assignment at commercialization reflects the real-time data on file at Dade Behring, Inc.

A vial punctured by the instrument and stored on board is stable for seven days.

An open vial not on instrument, but recapped and stored in a refrigerator is stable for 31 days.

For testing, vials are opened /punctured on day zero. A quantity sufficient for multiple calibrations is removed and the vials are recapped and stored at $2 - 8 { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ Opened/punctured vials are tested on days 8, 15, 22 and 32 versus freshly opened vials.

2. Traceability:

The assigned values of the DRUG 3 CAL are traceable to United States Pharmacopeia Cyclosporine A Reference Material.

3.Bottle Value Assignment:

Cyclosporine Reference Material is weighed into drug free whole blood hemolysate at five levels and stored at ${ } - 7 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ . The verification of the Master Pool values are compared against weighed in Master Pool values and LC/MS testing. The stock solution is made by adding Cyclosporine Reference Material gravimetrically to stock solution at target concentrations. The commercial lot is made by adding calculated quantities of stock solution to drug free whole blood hemolysate to target concentrations for each of the calibrator levels. The concentration of each level is verified by using an instrument. Nominal values are assigned to the commercial lot. The nominal values for each level of the commercial lot are verified using an instrument calibrated with Master Pools.

Mr. Victor M. Carrio   
RAC/QC Compliance Manager Dade Behring, Inc.   
500 GBC Drive   
Mailstop 514   
Newark, DE 19714

Re: k062199 Trade/Device Name: Dimension VistaTM System Drug 3 Calibrator (DRUG 3 CAL - KC430) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3200 Regulation Name: Clinical toxicology calibrator Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DLJ Dated: July 28, 2006 Received: August 1, 2006

Dear Mr. Carrio:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labcling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Intemet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Alet Su

Alberto Gutierez, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications For Use Statement

# 510(k) Number (if known):

# Device Name:

Dimension VistaTM System Drug 3 Calibrator (DRUG 3 CAL - KC430)

# Indications for Use:

The DRUG 3 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the cyclosporine (CSA) method on the Dimension VistaTM System.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of -In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Carofc Benam

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

K062199