# 510(k) Summary

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR Part 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K062565

Date of Summary: August 28, 2006

2. Submitted by: Princeton BioMeditech Corporation 4242 U.S. Route 1, Monmouth Jct., NJ 08852 PHONE 732-274-1000 FAX 732-274-1010

3.Device Name: Trade Names: Status DS™ Nicotine, AccuSign® Nicotine Common or Usual Name: Immunoassay for detection of cotinine, metabolite of nicotine in urine Classification Name: Carbon monoxide test system (21CFR862.3220, Product Code: MKU)

4Identification of legally marketed device to which claims equivalence: k972481; Auto-Lyte Cotinir

5Device Description: Status DS™" Nicotine is a simple one step immunochromatographic test for the rapid, qualitative detection of cotinine, a major metabolite of nicotine.

6Intended Use: Status DS™ Nicotine is designed for the qualitative detection of cotinine at the cutoff of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ in urine to assist in screening for exposure to nicotine. For In vitro Diagnostic, Professional Use. The Status ${ \mathsf { D } } { \mathsf { S } } ^ { \mathsf { T } \mathsf { M } }$ Nicotine test provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography, mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

7. Substantial Equivalence: Status DS™ Nicotine is substantially equivalent to the k972481; Auto-Lyte Cotinine EIA manufactured by Orasure Technologies, Inc. Status DS™ Nicotine is a qualitative test and Auto-Lyte Cotinine EIA is a qualitative and semiquantitative test. Both tests detect cotinine in human urine at the cutoff level of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The tests demonstrated $100 \%$ correlation when 94 specimens (50 negative and 44 positive) were compared.

Conclusion: The device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed device k972481, AutoLyte Cotinine EIA

Kyung-Ah Kim   
Princeton Biomeditech Corp.   
4242 U.S. RT. 1   
Monmouth Junction, NJ 08852-1905 US

Re: k062565 Trade/Device Name: Status DS Nicotine, Accusign Nicotine, Biosign Nicotine Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3220 Regulation Name: Carbon Monoxide test system. Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: MKU Dated: January 16, 2007 Received: January 18, 2007

Dear Dr. Kim:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If yur device is classifed (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (MA), it may be subject to suc additinal controls.Existing majorregulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): _ K062565

Device Name: Status DS ™ Nicotine

Indications For Use:

Immunoassay for the qualitative detection of cotinine, a major metabolite of nicotine, at the cut-off of $5 0 0 \ n g / \mathrm { m L }$ in human urine. Status ${ \mathsf { D } } { \mathsf { S } } ^ { \mathsf { T M } }$ Nicotine is used as an aid in the detection of cotinine after use of tobacco products or other products containing nicotine. For In vitro Diagnostic Use

The Status ${ \mathsf { D } } { \mathsf { S } } ^ { \mathsf { T M } }$ Nicotine test provides ny a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography, mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): _K062565

Device Name: AccuSign® Nicotine

Indications For Use:

Immunoassay for the qualitative detection of cotinine, a major metabolite of nicotine, at the cut-off of 500 ng/mL in human urine.AccuSign® Nicotine is used as an aid in the detection of cotinine after use of tobacco products or other products containing nicotine. For In vitro Diagnostic Use

The AccuSign® Nicotine test provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography, mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.