# JAN -5 2007

100 Indigo Creek Drive Rochester, New York 14626-5101

# 5.0 510(k) Summary

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The aiged 1ok Ko62/65

1. Submitter   
name,   
address,   
contact

Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc. 100 Indigo Creek Drive Rochester, New York 14626-5101 (585) 453-4041 Contact Person: Marlene Hanna

2 Preparation Date

July 27, 2006

Device name

# Trade or Proprietary Names:

VITROS Chemistry Products BARB Reagent   
VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 26   
VITROS Chemistry Products FS Calibrator 1   
VITROS Chemistry Products DAT Performance Verifiers I, II, III, IV, and V

Common Names: Barbiturates assay and controls

# Classification Names:

1. Barbiturates test system (21 CFR 862.3150) Class II 2. Clinical toxicology calibrators (21 CFR 862.3200) Class II 3. Clinical toxicology control material (21 CFR 862.3280) DAT Performance Verifiers I, II ,III, IV, andV) are assayed controls, so they meet the reserved criteria under Section 510(l) of the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.

# 4. Predicate Devices

The VITROS Chemistry Products BARB assay is substantially equivalent to the Syva® EMIT II Plus Barbiturate assay.

The VITROS Chemistry Products DAT Performance Verifiers are substantially equivalent to the Bio-Rad Liquicheck™M UrineToxicology Controls.

5. Device description

The VITROS BARB assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay that is performed using the VITROS Chemistry Products BARB Reagent with the VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 26, VITROS Chemistry Products FS Calibrator 1, and VITROS Chemistry Products FS Diluent Pack 4 (DAT Diluent / DAT Diluent 2) on VITROS 5,1 FS Chemistry Systems.

The VITROS BARB Reagent is a dual chambered package containing ready-to-use liquid reagents that are used to detect barbiturates in urine. Sample, calibrators, and controls are automatically treated with surfactant (DAT Diluent 2) prior to addition of reagents. Treated sample is added to Reagent I containing antibody reactive to secobarbital, glucose-6-phosphate and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide $( \mathrm { N A D ^ { + } } )$ followed by Reagent 2 containing secobarbital labeled with the enzyme glucose-6- phosphate dehydrogenase (G6P-DH). The assay is based on competition between barbiturates in the treated urine sample and secobarbital labeled with the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6P-DH) for antibody binding sites. Enzyme activity decreases upon binding to the antibody, therefore the concentration of barbiturates in the urine sample is directly proportional to measured enzyme activity. Active enzyme converts oxidized nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide $( \mathsf { N A D } ^ { + } )$ to NADH, resulting in an absorbance change that is measured spectrophotometrically at $3 4 0 ~ \mathrm { { n m } }$ .

The VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 26 is prepared from human urine to which drugs of abuse, metabolites of drugs of abuse, organic salt, surfactants, and preservative have been added. VITROS Chemistry Products FS Calibrator 1 is prepared from sodium chloride and processed water. These standards are used to calibrate VITROS 5, 1 FS Chemistry Systems for the qualitative and semiquantitative measurement of barbiturates (BARB).

The VITROS Chemistry Products DAT Performance Verifiers I, II, III, IV, and V are quality control materials prepared from a human urine pool to which analytes, surfactant, and preservative have been added. These are assayed controls used to monitor performance of the VITROS BARB assay on VITROS 5,1 FS Chemistry Systems.

The VITROS Chemistry Products FS Diluent Pack 4 (DAT Diluent / DAT Diluent 2) is a common reagent that is used by multiple assays on the VITROS 5,1 FS Chemistry System. This is a dual chambered package containing two ready-to-use liquid diluents. DAT Diluent is prepared from human urine to which organic salt, surfactants, and preservative have been added. DAT Diluent 2 is prepared from processed water to which surfactant and preservative have been added.

The VITROS 5,1 FS Chemistry System is a clinical chemistry instrument that provides automated use of the VITROS Chemistry Products MicroTip® and MicroSlides® range of products. The VITROS 5, I FS System was cleared for market by 510(k) premarket notification (K031924).

Device intended uses

VITROS Chemistry Products BARB Reagent: For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry Products BARB Reagent is used on VITROS 5,1 FS Chemistry Systems for the semi-quantitative or qualitative determination of barbiturates (BARB) in human urine using a cutoff of cither $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . Measurements obtained with the VITROS BARB method are used in the diagnosis and treatment of barbiturates use or overdose.

The VITROS Chemistry Products BARB assay is intended for use by professional laboratory personnel. It provides only a preliminary test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to confirm a result obtained with this assay. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug-of-abuse test result, particularly when evaluating a preliminary positive result.

VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 26: For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 26 is used to calibrate VITROS 5,1 FS Chemistry Systems for the qualitative or semi-quantitative measurement of drugs of abuse.

VITROS Chemistry Products FS Calibrator 1: For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry Products FS Calibrator 1 is used in conjunction with VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kits to calibrate VITROS 5, 1 FS Chemistry Systems

VITROS Chemistry Products DAT Performance Verifiers I, II, III, IV, and V: For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry Products DAT Performance Verifiers are assayed controls used to monitor performance of urine drugs of abuse screening assays on VITROS 5,1 FS Chemistry Systems. .

7. Comparison to The VITROS Chemistry Products BARB assay and VITROS Chemistry Products predicate DAT Performance Verifiers are substantially equivalent to the Syva® EMIT I Plus devices: Barbiturate assay (K993987) and Bio-Rad Liquicheck™ Urine Toxicology Controls (K022707) predicate devices which were cleared by the FDA for IVD use.

Continued on next page

The performance of the VITROS BARB assay on the VITROS 5,1 FS Chemistry System was compared to the Syva® EMIT II Plus Barbiturate assay on the SYVA 30R System. The results demonstrated good agreement between the two immunoassay methods.

The VITROS BARB assay and VITROS DAT Performance Verifiers have the following similarities to the predicate devices: same intended use, the same cutoff values of 200 or $3 0 0 n \mathrm { g / m l } .$ , are liquid, ready to use reagents, have similar performance characteristics, are used on an automated clinical chemistry analyzer and calibrated against the same drug, secobarbital.

Table 1 Similarities and differences of the assays performed using the VITROS BARB assay and DAT n    nB U controls.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Device Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>For in vitro diagnostic use only. The assays are intended for use in the qualitativeand semi-quantitative analysis of barbiturates in human urine. The controls areassayed controls used to monitor the performance of Chemistry Systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Homogeneous enzyme immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>200 or 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Liquid ready to use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sheep polyclonal antibodies reactive to secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Traceable to secobarbital with confirmation by GC/MS.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Device Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITROS BARB assay(New device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emit® II Plus Barbiturates assay(Predicate device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative: Three levelsSemi-quantitative: Five levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen Liquid ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refrigerated liquid ready to use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To be used on VITROS 5,1 FSChemistry Systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple automated clinical chemistrysystems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls: DrugsReported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine metabolites(benzoylecgonine),benzodiazepines (lormetazepam),methadone, amphetamines (d-methamphetamine), opiates(morphine), cannabinoids (1 1-nor-delta-THC-9-COOH),phencyclidine and barbiturates(secobarbital).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine, secobarbital,lormetazepam, tetrahydrocannabinol(THC), benzoylecgonine, ethanol, lysergicacid diethylamide (LSD), methadone,methaqualone, morphine, (Free),phencyclid ine, propoxyphene,nortriptyline and addition of creatinine,pH, specific gravity.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls: Number ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td></tr></table>

# 8. Conclusions

The data presented in the premarket notification provide a reasonable assurance that the VITROS Chemistry Products BARB Reagent, VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 26. VITROS Chemistry Products FS Calibrator 1, and the VITROS Chemistry Products DAT Performance Verifiers are safe and effective for the stated intended uses and are substantially equivalent to the cleared predicate devices. Equivalence to the predicates was demonstrated using a commercially available assay along with patient samples.

# JAN 0 5 2007

Marlene Hanna Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc. 100 Indigo Creek Drive Rochester, NY 14626-5101

Re: k062165 Trade/Device Name: VITROS Chemistry Products BARB Reagent VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 26 VITROS Chemistry Products FS Calibrator 1 VITROS Chemistry Products DAT Performance Verifiers I, II, III, IV, and V Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3150 Regulation Name: Barbiturate test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DIS, DKB, DIF Dated: December 20, 2006 Received: December 21, 2006

Dear Ms. Hanna:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S., D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

Page 1 of 2

510(k) Number (if known):

K060165

Device Name:

VITROS Chemistry Products BARB Reagent

Indications for Use:

For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry Products BARB Reagent is used on VITROS 5,1 FS Chemistry Systems for the semiquantitative or qualitative determination of barbiturates (BARB) in human urine using a cutoff of either $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . Measurements obtained with the VITROS BARB method are used in the diagnosis and treatment of barbiturates use or overdose.

The VITROS Chemistry Products BARB assay is intended for use by professional laboratory personnel. It provides only a preliminary test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to confirm a result obtained with this assay. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug-of-abuse test result, particularly when evaluating a preliminary positive result.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

ivision Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 5100) K062165

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

Device Name:

# VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 26 VITROS Chemistry Products FS Calibrator 1 VITROS Chemistry Products DAT Performance Verifiers I, II, III, IV, and V.

# Indications for Use:

For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITRQS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 26 is used to calibrate VITROS 5,1 FS Chemistry Systems for the qualitative or semi-quantitative measurement of drugs of abuse.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry Products FS Calibrator 1 is used in conjunction with VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kits to calibrate VITROS 5,1 FS Chemistry Systems.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry Products DAT Performance Verifiers are assayed controls used to monitor performance of urine drugs of abuse screening assays on VITROS 5,1 FS Chemistry Systems.

Prescription Use X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Ln-01   
CRce of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
ivaduation and Safety k062165