This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assiged510(k) number is: K 06 3443

# 1. Submitter Information

Name: Dräger Safety AG & Co. KGaA Address: RevalstraBe 1, Lubeck, Germany 23560 Telephone Number: $+ 4 9$ (0)451-882-4713 Facsimile Number: $+ 4 9$ (0)451-882-7-4713 Contact Person: Stefan Steinmeyer Date: November 13, 2006

# Device Information

Trade or Proprietary Name: Dräger Alcotest $t \textcircled{8}$ 6510   
Common or Usual Name: Breath-Alcohol Test   
Classification Name: Devices, Breath Trapping, Alcohol (per 21 CFR section 862.3050).

# Predicate Device

Dräger Alcotest 6510 is equivalent to the following:

OmegaPoint Systems Personal Breath Alcohol Tester BreathKeyTM Model G10 and BreathKeyTM Model G30X (K052804)

# Indications for Use

The Dräger Alcotest 6510 is an apparatus for indicating the presence of alcohol in the breath.

# Device Description

The Dräger Alcotest 6510 is designed to measure deep lung air to determine the level of alcohol in the blood. The alcohol sensor is of the electrochemical fuel cell type. As the user's breath moves through the sensor, the sensor generates an electrical current that is proportional to the concentration of ethanol in the breath.

# Safety and Effectiveness

The results of bench, DOT and user testing indicates that the new device is as safe and effective as the predicate device. A clinical trial was performed to establish that the user could read and understand the instructions provided, and properly use the device.

# 7. Substantial Equivalence Determination Comparison to Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dräger Alcotest6510</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProfessionalIntoxilyzer ModelS-D5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BreathkeyTM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Determiningbreath alcohollevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Determiningbreath alcohollevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Determiningbreath alcohollevel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Construction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic case,button, display,internal circuitrywithmicroprocessorand ethanolsensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic case,button, display,internal circuitrywithmicroprocessorand ethanolsensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic case,button, display,internal circuitrywithmicroprocessorand ethanolsensor</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemicalfuel cell</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemicalfuel cell</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemicalfuel cell</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anatomical Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouth</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouth</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Breath</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Breath</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Breath</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DOT approval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dräger Alcotest6510</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProfessionalIntoxilyzer ModelS-D5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BreathkeyTM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Where Used</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Police cruiser,prison, hospital,in public</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Law enforcement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General public</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00-0.500%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00-0.40%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00-0.20%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blowing Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-30 sec.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouthpiece</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Replaceable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Replaceable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated, non-replaceable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 x 1.5V alkaline(AA) batteries,replaceable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 AAA batteries,replaceable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 Volt battery,non-replaceable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Warm-up time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 1/2"W x 2 4/5 "Hx 1 ½/4"D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21/2"W x 4 3/"H x1 ½/4"D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 3/8"W x 23/8"H x 9/16"D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">195 grams</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 grams</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 grams</td></tr></table>

# Conclusions

After analyzing bench tests, electrical safety, results of DOT conformance testing, and user testing data, it can be concluded that Dräger Alcotest 6510 is as safe and effective as the predicate and comparative devices. User studies showed that intended users of the device could read and understand the instructions, could properly use the device and obtain results that were comparable to those provided by a predicate device administered by a trained individual.

Dräger Safety   
c/o Ms. Eve Damiano   
Damiano Consulting Associates, Inc. 333 Alpine Street   
Emmaus, PA 18049

Re: k063443 Trade/Device Name: Dräger Alcotest 6510 Breath Alcohol Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR§862.3050 Regulation Name: Breath-alcohol test system Regulatory Class: DJZ Product Code: Class I, reserved Dated: February 09, 2008 Received: February 11, 2008

Dear Ms. Damiano:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ EP premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K063443

Device Name: Dräger Alcotest 6510

Indications For Use:

The Dräger Alcotest 6510 is a device intended to measure alcohol in human breath.   
Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis of alcohol intoxication.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

(vilioy Sign-Off   
Office of In Virro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
5100) k063443

Page 1 of _