# OCT 5 " 2007

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This Summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

The assigned 510(k) number is: k063131

# A. Introduction:

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# B. Submitter

Thermo Fisher Scientific Oy   
Ratastie 2   
P.O. Box 100   
FIN-01621 Vantaa   
Finland   
$+ 3 5 8$ (9) 329 100 tel   
$+ 3 5 8$ (9) 3291 0500 fax   
Contact: Päivi Sormunen, Vice President of QRC   
Date of Preparation: September 25, 2007

# C. Device name

Proprietary name: Carbamazepine   
Common name: Carbamazepine test system   
Classification: II   
Class: Toxicology   
Product Code: KLT   
Proprietary name: Valproic Acid   
Common name: Valproic Acid test system   
Classification: II   
Class: Toxicology   
Product Code: LEG   
Proprietary name: TDM Calibration set B   
Common name: Calibrator   
Classification: II   
Class: Toxicology   
Product Code: DKB

D.

# Intended Use

Carbamazepine   
For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of the   
carbamazepine concentration in human serum on T60 analyzer.   
Measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbamazepine overdose and in monitoring levels of carbamazepine to help ensure proper therapy.

# Valproic Acid

For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of the valproic acid concentration in human serum on T60 instrument. Measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of valproic acid overdose and in monitoring levels of valproic acid to help ensure proper therapy.

TDM Calibration set B

For in vitro diagnostic use as a calibrator in the quantitative measurement of the kit code 981645 Carbamazepine and kit code 981650 Valproic acid assays on T60 Analyzer.

# E. Indications for use

The Carbamazepine is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of the carbamazepine concentration in human serum using T60 Clinical Chemistry Analyzers. Measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbamazepine overdose and in monitoring levels of carbamazepine to help ensure proper therapy.

The Valproic Acid is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of the valproic acid concentration in human serum using T60 Clinical Chemistry Analyzers. Measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of valproic acid overdose and in monitoring levels of valproic acid to help ensure proper therapy.

TDM Calibration set B is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as a calibrator in the quantitative measurement of the kit code 981645 Carbamazepine and kit code 981650 Valproic acid assays on T60 Analyzer.

F. Substantial Equivalence CEDIA Carbamazepine II Microgenics Corporation

CEDIA\* Valproic acid II Microgenics Corporation

# G. Substantial equivalence -similarities

T60 Carbamazepine and Valproic Acid are substantially equivalent to other devices legally marketed in United Staes. We claim equivalence to the Microgenics Corporation CEDIA® Carbamazepine II and CEDIA® Valproic acid II

The following table compares the Carbamazepine with the predicate test system   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New device #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device #1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative determination of thecarbamazepine concentration in humanserum on T60 analyzer. Measurementsare used in the diagnosis and treatment ofcarbamazepine overdose and inmonitoring levels of carbamazepine tohelp ensure proper therapy.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CEDIA® Carbamazepine IIhomogeneous enzyme immunoassayis for the quantitation ofcarbamazepine in human serum orplasma using automated clinicalchemistry analyzers. Measurementsare used in the diagnosis andtreatment of carbamazepineoverdose and in monitoring levels ofcarbamazepine to ensure propertherapy.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Carbamazepine is intended forthe quantitative in vitro diagnosticdetermination of the carbamazepineconcentration in human serum usingT60 Clinical Chemistry Analyzers.Measurements are used in thediagnosis and treatment ofcarbamazepine overdose and inmonitoring levels of carbamazepineto help ensure proper therapy.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay uses recombinant DNAtechnology (US Patent no. 4708929)to produce a unique homogenousenzyme immunoassay system.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay uses recombinant DNAtechnology (US Patent no. 4708929)to produce a unique homogenousenzyme immunoassay system.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability/Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The calibration values are traceable toUSP reference materials preparedgravimetrically to drug-free humanserum.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The calibration values are traceableto USP reference materials preparedgravimetrically to drug-free humanserum.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or plasma (Na or Li heparin,Na EDTA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The unopened reagents are stable at2...8 °C until the expiration datestated on the label. Refer to theApplication Notes of your T60analyzer for the on board stability ofreagents.DO NOT FREEZE the unopenedreagents or the reconstituted reagents.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store CEDIA Carbamazepine IIreagents at 2-8 °C. Do not freeze.For stability of the unopenedcomponents refer to the box orbottle labels for the expiration date</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New device #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Therapeutic range for adults:According to different sources thesuggested ranges are:4 - 12 μg/ml or 17 - 51 µmol/l (1)4 - 10 μg/ml or 17 - 42 µmol/l (2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Therapeutic Range (μg/ml)Penry and Newmark       5-12Scheuer and Pedley        8-12Troupin et al                8-12Strandjord and Johannessen 3-12Simonsen et al              6-10Larkin et al                 4-10Shorvon et al               4-8MacKichan and Kutt     4-12</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T60, DPC T60i, and DPC T60i Kusti</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Roche Hitachi 911/912Between 0.5 μg/ml and the value ofthe Core TDM Multi-Cal HighCalibrator (approximately 20 μg/mlor 84.6 μmol/l).Within runLevel 4.2 μg/mlSD=0.06CV(%)=1.5Level 10.6 μg/mlSD= 0.08CV(%) = 0.8Level 16.8 μg/mlSD= 0.12CV(%) = 0.7TotalLevel 4.2 μg/mlSD= 0.15CV(%)= 3.5Level 10.6 μg/mlSD= 0.21CV(%) = 2.0Level 16.8 μg/mlSD = 0.29CV(%) = 1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>From 1.0 μg/ml to 19.0 μg/ml.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between 0.5 μg/ml and the value ofthe Core TDM Multi-Cal HighCalibrator (approximately 20 μg/mlor 84.6 μmol/l).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within runLevel 3.0 μg/mlSD = 0.09CV(%) = 2.8Level 9.5 μg/mlSD= 0.14CV(%) = 1.5Level 15.0 μg/mlSD= 0.16CV(%)= 1.1Between runLevel 3.0 μg/mlSD = 0.07CV(%) = 2.4Level 9.5 μg/mlSD=-CV(%) = -Level 15.0 μg/mlSD= 0.14CV(%)= 0.9TotalLevel 3.0 μg/mlSD= 0.19CV(%) = 6.3Level 9.5 μg/mlSD = 0.32CV(%) = 3.3Level 15.0 μg/mlSD = 0.42CV(%) = 2.8</td></tr></table>

-358 (9) 329 100 tel 358 (9) 3291 0500 fax 358 (9) 329 100 tel -358 (9) 3291 0500 fax

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New device #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device #1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method Comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Unit μg/ml)Deming:y = 0.98 x + 0.02r = 0.993Range 1.9 - 19.6 µg/mlN = 134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previous CEDIA Carbamazepineassay (x). Correlation (μg/ml)(Deming&#x27;s):Y =1.04x -0.04r= 0.999Sy.x = 0.26Range 1.3 - 19.8 μg/mlN = 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference foundHemoglobin:up to 1000 mg/dl (10 g/l).Bilirubin:up to 58 mg/dl (1000 μmol/l)Lipemia:up to 1000 mg/dl (10 g/l) ofIntralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples containing carbamazepineand the following concentrations ofpotential interference substanceswere quantitated accurately by theCEDIA® Carbamazepine II assay:Hemoglobin up to 1000 mg/dl,Bilirubin up to 66 mg/dl,Triglyceride up to 1000 mg/dl,Total protein up to 12 g/dl,Rheumatoid factor up to 180 IU/ml</td></tr></table>

The following table compares the Valproic Acid with the predicate test system   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New device #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device #1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative determination of the valproicacid concentration in human serum onT60 instrument. Measurements are usedin the diagnosis and treatment of valproicacid overdose and in monitoring levels ofvalproic acid to help ensure propertherapy.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CEDIA® Valproic Acid IIhomogeneous enzyme immunoassayis for the quantitation of valproicacid in human serum or plasmausing automated clinical chemistryanalyzers. Measurements are used asan aid in the diagnosis and treatmentof valproic acid overdose and inmonitoring levels of valproic acid toensure proper therapy.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Valproic Acid is intended for thequantitative in vitro diagnosticdetermination of the valproic acidconcentration in human serum usingT60 Clinical Chemistry Analyzers.Measurements are used in thediagnosis and treatment of valproicacid overdose and in monitoringlevels of valproic acid to help ensureproper therapy.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay uses recombinant DNAtechnology (US Patent no. 4708929)to produce a unique homogenousenzyme immunoassay system.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay uses recombinant DNAtechnology (US Patent no. 4708929)to produce a unique homogenousenzyme immunoassay system.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability/Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The calibration values are traceable toUSP reference materials preparedgravimetrically to drug-free humanserum.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The calibration values are traceableto USP reference materials preparedgravimetrically to drug-free humanserum.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or plasma (Na or Li heparin,Na EDTA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The unopened reagents are stable at2...8 °C until the expiration datestated on the label.DO NOT FREEZE the unopenedreagents or the reconstituted reagents.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store CEDIA@ Valproic acid IIreagents at 2-8 °C. Do not freeze.For stability of the unopenedcomponents refer to the box orbottle labels for the expiration date</td></tr></table>

Y-tunnus 0921547-0 VAT No F109215470 Domicile Helsinki

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New device #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device #1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Therapeutic range for adults:50 - 100 μg/ml or347 - 693 µmol/l (1,2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TherapeuticSchobben et al  50-100 μg/mlCloyd and Leppik 50-100 μg/mlKlotz and Schweizer 40-90 ug/mlTurnbull et al     50-100 μg/mlToxicSchobben et al     - μg/mlCloyd and Leppik &gt;100 μg/mlKlotz and Schweizer -Turnbull et al      &gt;100 μg/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T60, DPC T60i, and DPC T60i Kusti</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Hitachi 911/912</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>From 3.0 µg/ml to 142.5 μg/ml.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between 3.0 ug/ml and the value ofthe Core TDM High Calibrator(approximately 150 μg/ml or 1039.5μmol/l)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within runLevel 35.0 μg/mlSD= 0.43CV(%) = 1.2Level 81.1 μg/mlSD= 0.81CV(%)= 1.0Level 113.6 μg/mlSD= 1.01CV(%) = 0.9Between runLevel 35.0 μg/mlSD= 0.61CV(%)= 1.8Level 81.1 μg/mlSD = 1.08CV(%) = 1.3Level 113.6 μg/mlSD= 1.07CV(%) = 0.9TotalLevel 35.0 μg/mlSD= 1.90CV(%)= 5.4Level 81.1 μg/mlSD=3.15CV(%) = 3.9Level 113.6 μg/mlSD = 3.11CV(%) = 2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within runLevel 24.4 μg/mlSD = 0.59CV(%)=2.4Level 95.0 μg/mlSD= 1.43CV(%)= 1.5Level 136.8 μg/mlSD= 1.81CV(%) = 1.3TotalLevel 24.4 μg/mlSD(μg/ml) =0.83CV(%) = 3.4Level 95.0 μg/mlSD = 1.93CV(%) = 2.0Level 136.8 μg/mlSD = 2.48CV(%)= 1.8</td></tr></table>

$+ 3 5 8$ (9) 329 100 tel $\div 3 5 8$ (9) 3291 0500 fax

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New device #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device #1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method Comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Unit μg/ml)Deming:y = 0.996 x + 1.4r= 0.993Range 3.2 - 143.4 µg/mlN = 136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercially availablefluorescence polarizationimmunoassay (x)Correlation (μg/ml)(Linear regression):Y = 1.08x -0.61r = 0.972Sy.x = 7.042Range 2.6 - 1 19.8 µg/mlN = 77</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference foundHemoglobin:up to 1000 mg/dl (10 g/l).Bilirubin:up to 58 mg/dl (1000 µmol/l)Lipemia:up to 1000 mg/dl (10 g/l) ofIntralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples containing valproic acidand the following concentrations ofpotential interference substanceswere quantitated accurately by theCEDIA Valproic Acid II assay:Hemoglobin up to 1000 mg/dl,Bilirubin up to 60 mg/dl,Triglyceride up to 1000 mg/dl,Total protein up to 10 g/dl,IgA up to 790 mg/dlIgG up to 4300 mg/dl,IgM up to 840 mg/dl andRheumatoid factor up to 200 IU/ml</td></tr></table>

Y-tunnus 0921547-0 VAT No FI09215470 Domicile Helsinki

Thermo Fisher Scientific Oy c/o Mr. Päivi Sormunen Vice President of QRC Ratastie 2, P.O. Box 100 FIN-01621 Vantaa, Finland

# OCT 5  2007

Re: k063131 Trade Name: Carbamazepine, Valproic Acid and TDM Calibration set B Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3645 Regulation Name: Neuroleptic drugs radioreceptor assay test system. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: KLT, LEG, DKB Dated: September 25, 2007 Received: September 27, 2007

Dear Mr. Sormunen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to markct the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be adviscd that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has 'made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as sct forth in thc quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COoes, M.S. DV.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): _K063131

Device Names:

# Carbamazepine Valproic Acid TDM Calibration set B

# Indications for Use:

The Carbamazepine is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of the carbamazepine concentration in human serum using T60 Clinical Chemistry Analyzers. Measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbamazepine overdose and in monitoring levels of carbamazepine to help ensure proper therapy

The Valproic Acid is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of the valproic acid concentration in human serum using T60 Clinical Chemistry Analyzers. Measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of valproic acid overdose and in monitoring levels of valproic acid to help ensure proper therapy.

TDM Calibration set B is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as a calibrator in the quantitative measurement of the kit code 981645 Carbamazepine and kit code 981650 Valproic acid assays on T60 Analyzer.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510k) K063131