# 510(k) Summary - cobas c501 Lithium

MAR 2 1 2008

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Rd Indianapolis IN 46250 (317) 521-3723

Contact person: Theresa Ambrose Bush

Date prepared: January 14, 2008

# Device Name

Proprietary name: Lithium

Common name: LI

Classification name: Lithium

# Device Description

The cassette cobas c501 Lithium contains an in vitro diagnostic reagent system intended for use on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems for the quantitative determination of lithium in human serum and plasma.

The test principle is colorimetric.

# Intended use

In vitro test for the quantitative determination of lithium in human serum and plasma on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems.

# Predicate Device

We claim substantial equivalence to the COBAS INTEGRA ISE Direct cleared as K963627

Substantial equivalency - Similarities

The table below indicates the similarities between the modified Lithium test and its predicate device (COBAS INTEGRA ISE Direct, K963627).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device: ISE Direct(K963627)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified device: Lithium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>General</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intended Use/Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ISE module of the COBASINTEGRA systems is intended foruse for the quantitativedetermination of sodium, potassium,chloride and lithium concentrationsin undiluted serum and plasma usingion-selective electrodes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In vitro test for the quantitativedetermination of lithium in humanserum and plasma onRoche/Hitachi cobas c systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specimen type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Test principle</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Referencemethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ion-selective electrodes usingundiluted specimens (ISE Direct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colorimetric test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reagent information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Stability - shelflife and on-board</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 day at 15 to 25° C7 days at 4° Cstable at -20 °C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 day at 15 to 25° C7 days at 2-8° C6 months at (-15) to (-25) ° C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Solutions 1, 2 and 3ISE Calibrator Direct5 hrs (main calibration)Every sample (one-point calibration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.f.a.s.After 24 hrs, reagent pack change,reagent lot change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Quality control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precinorm U and Precipath U</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precinorm U and Precipath UPrecinorm U plus and Precipath U</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gravimetrically traceable to highpurity inorganic reference material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atomic Absorption Spectroscopy</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Performance characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected values(literaturereference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Therapeutic concentration: 0.6-1.2mmol/LToxic concentration:&gt;2.0 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Method comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodcomparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Passing Bablok: y = 1.037x + 0.004t = 0.940Linear regression: y = 1.044x -0.000r=0.995</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Substantial equivalency - Differences

The table below indicates the differences between the modified Lithium test and its predicate device (COBAS INTEGRA ISE Direct, K963627).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device: ISE Direct(K963627)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified device: Lithium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Test principle</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Referencemethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ion-selective electrodes usingundiluted specimens (ISE Direct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colorimetric test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Performance characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run CV:2.5% @ 4.4 mmol/L0.81% @ 1.9 mmol/LTotal:3.4% @ 0.443 mmol/L2.5% @ 33.2 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run CV:1.7% @ 0.77 mmol/L1.0% @ 2.38 mmol/L1.9% @ 0.46 mmol/L1.2% @ 1.40 mmol/LTotal:2.2% @ 0.79 mmol/L1.3% @ 2.42 mmol/L2.3% @ 0.61 mmol/L1.6% @ 1.62 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenousinterferences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysis: levels higher than 1 g/Lincrease lithium concentrationssignificantlyIcterus no significant interferencesLipemia: highly lipemic specimensmay interfere with ISE fluiddetection causing the flag NOFLUID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference up to:Hemolysis: H index of 1000Icterus: I index of 37 for conjugatedand 43 for unconjugated bilirubinLipemia: L index of 2000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExogenousInterferences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylpropamine andpseudoephedrine interfere with themembrane of the lithium electrode.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NH4C1: 19.8 umol/LNaCl : 140 mmol/LKCl : 4 mmol/ LCaCl2: 2.4 mmol/LMgC12: 0.9 mmol/LFeC13: 1.04 mg/LCu (NO3)2: 1.15 mmol/LZnC12: 1.07 mmol(none of these are in thephysiological key interferencerangeIn very rare cases gammopathymay cause unreliable results.</td></tr></table>

Performance evaluation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofDetection (perCLSI EP17)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not stated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Blank</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not stated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1-4 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05-3.00 mmol/LExtended measuring range: 0.05-6.00 mmol/L</td></tr></table>

The cobas c501 test system was evaluated for several performance characteristics.

In addition, the traceability, value assignment process, and stability of the lithium analyte within the c.f.a.s. calibrator are described.

Roche Diagnostics Corp. c/o Dr. Theresa Ambrose Bush Regulatory Affairs Principal 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250

# MAR 2 1 2008

Re: k063684 Trade/Device Name: Lithium Test System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3560 Regulation Name: Lithium test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NDW, JIX Dated: March 7, 2008 Received: March 14, 2008

Dear Dr. Bush:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. DV.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Numbe ifknow03684

Device Name: Lithium test system

Indications For Use:

In vitro test for the quantitative determination of lithium in human serum and plasma on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems. Measurements of lithium are used as an aid in the management of patients taking lithium for the treatment of mental disturbances such as manic-depressive illness (bipolar disorder).

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

-Nision   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety 1063684