# 510(k) SUMMARY

This Summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

The assigned 510(k) number is: k063145

# A. Introduction:

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# B. Submitter

Thermo Fisher Scientific Oy   
Ratastie 2   
P.O. Box 100   
FIN-01621 Vantaa   
Finland   
$+ 3 5 8$ (9) 329 100 tel   
$+ 3 5 8$ (9) 3291 0500 fax   
Contact: Päivi Sormunen, Vice President of QRC   
Date of Preparation: September 25, 2007

# C. Device name

Proprietary name: Phenytoin   
Common name: Phenytoin Test System   
Classification: II   
Class: Toxicology   
Product Code: DIP   
Proprietary name: TDM Calibration set B   
Common name: Calibrator   
Classification: II   
Class: Toxicology   
Product Code: DKB

# Intended Use

# Phenytoin

For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of the phenytoin concentration in human serum on T60 analyzer. Measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of phenytoin overdose and in monitoring levels of phenytoin to help ensure proper therapy.

# TDM Calibration set B

For in vitro diagnostic use as a calibrator in the quantitative measurement of the kit code 981647 Phenytoin assay on T60 Analyzer

# E. Indications for use

Phenytoin is intended for quantitative in-vitro diagnostic determination of the phenytoin concentration in human serum using T60 Clinical Chemistry Analyzers. Measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of phenytoin overdose and in monitoring levels of phenytoin to help ensure proper therapy.

For TDM Calibration set B, see intended use.

F. Substantial Equivalence Microgenics Corporation item: The CEDIA $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Phenytoin II

# G. Substantial equivalence -similarities

Phenytoin is substantially equivalent to other devices legally marketed in United States. We claim equivalence to the Microgenics Corporation item, the CEDIA $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Phenytoin II

# H. The following table compares the Phenytoin with the predicate assay

Table 1 Phenytoin   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New device #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device #1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative determination of thephenytoin concentration in humanserum on T60 analyzer.Measurements are used in thediagnosis and treatment of phenytoinoverdose and in monitoring levels ofphenytoin to help ensure propertherapy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CEDIA® Phenytoin IIhomogeneous enzyme immunoassayis for the quantitation of phenytoinin human serum or plasma usingautomated clinical chemistryanalyzers. Measurements are used inthe diagnosis and treatment ofphenytoin overdose and inmonitoring levels of phenytoin toensure proper therapy.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenytoin is intended for quantitativein-vitro diagnostic determination ofthe phenytoin concentration inhuman serum using T60 ClinicalChemistry Analyzers. Measurementsare used in the diagnosis andtreatment of phenytoin overdose andin monitoring levels of phenytoin tohelp ensure proper therapy.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay uses recombinant DNAtechnology (US Patent no. 4708929)to produce a unique homogeneousenzyme immunoassay system.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay uses recombinant DNAtechnology (US Patent no. 4708929)to produce a unique homogeneousenzyme immunoassay system.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability/Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The calibration values are traceableto USP reference materials preparedgravimetrically to drug-free humanserum.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or plasma (Na or Li heparin,Na EDTA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The unopened reagents are stable at2...8 °C until the expiration datestated on the label. Refer to theApplication Notes of your T60analyzer for the on board stabilityof reagents.DO NOT FREEZE the unopenedreagents or the reconstitutedreagents.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store CEDIA® Phenytoin IIreagents at 2-8 °C. Do not freeze.For stability of the unopenedcomponents refer to the box orbottle labels for the expiration date</td></tr></table>

Ratastie 2   
P.O. Box 100   
FIN-01621 Vantaa   
Finland

$+ 3 5 8$ (9) 329 100 tel $+ 3 5 8$ (9) 3291 0500 fax

Y-tunnus 0921547-0 www.themo.comm   
VAT No FI09215470   
Domicile Helsinki   
Ratastie 2   
P.O. Box 100   
FIN-01621 Vantaa   
Finland

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New device #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device #1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Therapeutic range for adults:10 - 20 μg/ml or40 - 79 µmol/l (1,2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Therapeutic range:10 - 20 μg/ml for adults6 - 14 µg/ml for children</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T60 and DPC T60i, DPC T60i Kusti</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Hitachi 912</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 - 38 μg/ml (3.2 - 150 μmol/l)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between 0.6 μg/ml and the value ofthe Core TDM Multi-Cal HighCalibrator (approximately 40 ug/mlor 158.4 μmol/l)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within runLevel 8.6 μg/mlSD = 0.20CV(%) = 2.4Level 20.0 μg/mlSD = 0.32CV(%) = 1.6Between runLevel 8.6 μg/mlSD = 0.15CV(%) = 1.7Level 20.0 μg/mlSD = 0.23CV(%) = 1.2TotalLevel 8.6 μg/mlSD = 0.39CV(%)= 4.5Level 20.0 μg/mlSD= 0.59CV(%) = 3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within runLevcl 6.3 μg/mlSD= 0.20CV(%) = 3.2Level 14.8 μg/mlSD = 0.29CV(%)= 2.0Level 26.8 μg/mlSD = 0.35CV(%)= 1.3TotalLevel 6.3 μg/mlSD= 0.32CV(%) = 5.1Level 14.8 μg/mlSD = 0.46CV(%) = 3.1Level 26.8 μg/mlSD= 0.60CV(%) = 2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method Comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Unit μg/ml)(Deming):$y ^= 1.00x - 0.8r= 0.995Range 1.3 - 38.3 µg/mlN = 70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previous CEDIA® Phenytoinassay (x). Correlation (μg/ml)(Deming&#x27;s):Y =1.00x -0.19r = 0.998Sy.x = 0.39Range 0.7 - 35.1 μg/mlN = 1 14</td></tr></table>

+358 (9) 329 100 tel +358 (9) 3291 0500 fax

# 5_Ver08

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New device #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device #1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference foundBilirubin:up to 58 mg/dl (1000 µmol/l)Hemoglobin:up to 1000 mg/dl (10 g/l)Lipemia:up to 1000 mg/dl (10 g/l) ofIntralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ikterus:No significant interference frombilirubin up to I index of 60(approximate bilirubinconcentration: 60 mg/dl)Hemolysis:No significant interference fromhemoglobin up to H index of 1000(approximate hemoglobinconcentration: 1000 mg/dl)Lipemia (Intralipid®):No significant interference fromlipemia up to L index of 1000(approximate triglyceridesconcentration: 2000 mg/dl).No significant interference fromtotal protein up to 12 g/dl.No significant interference fromrheumatoid factor up to 100 IU/ml.</td></tr></table>

+358 (9) 329 100 tel +358 (9) 3291 0500 fax

Thermo Fisher Scientific Oy c/o Paivi Sormunen Ratastie 2 P.O. Box 100 FIN-01621 Vantaa Finland

Re: k063145 Trade/Device Name: Phentoin, TDM Calibration Set B Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3350 Regulation Name: Diphenylhydantoin test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DIP, DKB Dated: September 25, 2007 Received: September 27, 2007

Dear Ms. Sormunen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html. v

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): __k063145

Device Names:

# Phenytoin TDM Calibration set B

# Indications for Use:

Phenytoin is intended for quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of the phenytoin concentration in human serum using T60 Clinical Chemistry Analyzers. Measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of phenytoin overdose and in monitoring levels of phenytoin to help ensure proper therapy.

TDM Calibration set B is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as a calibrator in the quantitative measurement of the kit code 981647 Phenytoin assay on T60 Analyzer.

Diviion Sign-Off   
Offica of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) k063145