# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness for the Dimension $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Ethyl Alcohol (ETOH) Flex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Reagent Cartridge (DF22)

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

A. 510(k) Number: K071011 B. Date of Preparation: June 29, 2007 C. Proprietary and Established Names:

Dimension $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Ethyl Alcohol (ETOH) Flex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Reagent Cartridge (DF22)

# D. Applicant:

Dade Behring Inc., P.O. Box 6101, Newark, DE 19714-6101 Victor M. Carrio, Regulatory Affairs and Compliance Manager Office: (302) 631-0376 Fax: (302) 631-6299

# F. Regulatory Information:

1. Regulation section: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3040 Clinical toxicology test system

2. Classification: Class II

3. Product Code: DIC  Alcohol Dehydrogenase, Specific Reagent for Ethanol Enzyme Method

4. Panel: Toxicology

# G. Predicate Device:

The Dimension $^ { \textregistered }$ ETOH Flex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge is substantially equivalent to the Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ALC Flex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge (K904302) and to the Syva $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Emit $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ II Plus Ethyl Alcohol Assay (K010960).

# H. Device Description:

The Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ETOH Flex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge is a prepackaged in-vitro diagnostic test method that is specifically designed to be used on the Dade Behring Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Clinical Chemistry System. The reagents contained in the Dimension $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ ETOH Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge are: Reagent 1 which contains the buffering system and; Reagent 2 which contains alcohol dehydrogenase (ADH), the coenzyme nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD), buffer, preservatives, and stabilizers.

# G. Intended Use:

The ETOH method is an in-vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of ethyl alcohol (ethanol) in human serum, plasma and urine on the Dimension $^ { \textregistered }$ System.   
Ethyl alcohol test results may be used in the diagnosis and   
treatment of alcohol intoxication and poisoning.

# I. Substantial Equivalence Information:

The Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ETOH Flex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge and the predicates, Dimension $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ ALC Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge and Syva $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Emit $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II Plus Ethyl Alcohol Assay, were compared. A comparison of the important similarities and differences between the device and the predicates is provided in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension ETOHFlex reagentcartridge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension ALCFlex reagentcartridge(K904302)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Syva® Emit® II PlusEthyl Alcohol Assay(K010960)*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Dimension ETOHFlex reagent cartridge isan in-vitro diagnostic testfor the quantitativemeasurement of ethylalcohol (ethanol) in humanserum, plasma, and urinein the Dimension®System. Ethyl alcohol testresults may be used in thediagnosis and treatment ofalcohol intoxication andpoisoning.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ALC method used in theDimension® clinicalchemistry system is an invitro diagnostic test intendedto measure ethyl alcohol inhuman serum andsupernatants fromprecipitated whole blood andto qualitatively detect ethylalcohol in urine. Ethylalcohol test results may beused in the diagnosis andtreatment of alcoholintoxication and poisoning.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The EMIT® II Plus EthylAlcohol Assay is intendedfor use in the quantitativeanalysis of ethyl alcohol(ethanol) in human urine,serum, or plasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma, serum, and urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, supernatants fromprecipitated whole blood andurine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma, serum, and urine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 -300 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 300 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bichromatic rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bichromatic endpoint</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bichromatic rate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ETOH method isbased on an enzymaticreaction.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ethyl alcohol (ALC)method is a modification ofthe alcohol dehydrogenase(ADH) enzymatic procedure.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Emit® II Plus EthylAlcohol Assay is based onan enzymatic reaction.</td></tr></table>

\*Tested on the SYVA30R Analyzer.

# J. Conclusion:

The Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ETOH Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge is substantially equivalent to the Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ALC Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge (K904302) and to the Syva $\mathfrak { W }$ Emit $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ II Plus Ethyl Alcohol Assay (K010960). Comparative testing described in the protocol included in this submission demonstrates substantial equivalent performance.

Dade Behring, Inc. Glasgow Business Community c/o Mr. Victor Carrio RA/QS Compliance Manager P.O. Box 6101, M/S 514 Newark, DE 19714-6101

# AUG 2 4 2007

Re: k071811 Trade/Device Name: Dimension Ethyl Alcohol (ETOH) Flex Reagent Cartridge (DF22) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3040 Regulation Name: Alcohol test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DIC Dated: July 2, 2007 Received: July 11, 2007

Dear Mr. Carrio:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that o not require approval  a premarke approval applicatin (PMA).You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours, Canl Beman for

Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Indications For Use Statement 510(k) Number (f known): K07/8/1

# Device Name:

Dimension $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ ETOH Flex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Reagent Cartridge (DF22)

# Indications for Use:

The ETOH method is an in-vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of ethyl alcohol in human serum, plasma and urine. Ethyl alcohol test results may be used in the diagnosis and treatment of alcohol intoxication and poisoning.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of -In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off Carol CBenem Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 50(K071811