K07/067

SEP 1 4 2007

1. Identification of the Device: Proprietary-Trade Name: BACTRACKTM Breathalyzer Digital Alcohol Detector Classification Name: Device, breath trapping, alcohol, DJZ Common/Usual Name: Breath-alcohol test system

2. Equivalent legally marketed devices KHN Solutions AlcoMate CA2000™M Digital Alcohol Detector, K041334

3. Indications for Use (intended use) $:$ This device is intended to measure alcohol in the human breath. Measurements obtained by this device are used as an aid in the detection of alcohol intoxication..

$\downharpoonleft$

4.Description of the Device: The BACTRACKTM Breathalyzer is designed to measure deep lung air to test for the presence of alcohol in the blood. The relationship between alcohol in the blood and alcohol in the deep lung breath is well established by Henry's law in ratio of 2100: 1 The BACTRACKTM Breathalyzer is has been tested and uses a blow time of 5 seconds to capture an accurate deep lung sample. The BACTRACKTM Breathalyzer sensor uses tin dioxide which has n-type conductivity when exposed to the atmosphere. This exposure causes a decrease in the number of electrons effecting absorbed oxygen molecules and thus increases resistance. If a specific gas (reducing gas) is presented, a reaction occurs with the absorbed oxygen which causes an increase in the electrons in the oxide molecules causing a decrease in resistance. This change in resistance can be measured and used to identify a specific gas (such as alcohol) and can be quantified into a $\%$ concentration.

5.Safety and Effectiveness, comparison to predicate device. The results of bench, and user testing indicates that the new device is as safe and effective as the predicate device. A clinical trial was performed to establish that the user could read and understand the instructions provided, and properly use the device, as well as perform comparably to an evidentiary type of breath alcohol tester.

# 6. Substantial Equivalence Chart

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlcoMate CA2000TM DigitalAlcohol Detector, K041334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTRACKTM Breathalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INDICATION OF USE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This device is intended to measurealcohol in the human breath.Measurements obtained by thisdevice are used as an aid in thedetection of alcohol intoxication.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MODE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Breath Alcohol Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRACTITIONER USE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Over the Counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blowing time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 Seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DISPLAY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 Digit LED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 Digit LCD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POWER SOURCE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 Volt Alkaline Battery or autocigar lighter (Optional)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - AA Alkaline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BATTERY LIFE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 Tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.00-.40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuracy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-0.01%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TYPE OF SENSOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semiconductor-Oxide Sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semiconductor-Oxide Sensor</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ANATOMICAL SITE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouth</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouthpiece</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Replaceable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No mouthpiece</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Warm Up Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 Seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DOT     .</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DOT Approved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meets DOT requirements</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Construction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic case with internal circuitboard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SIZE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5&quot; x 3 1/&quot; x 1.2&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.25&quot; x 1.63&quot; x 0.81&quot;(10.8 x 4.1 x 2.1 cm)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WEIGHT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 grams.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 oz (39.7 grams)</td></tr></table>

# 7. Conclusion

After analyzing bench tests, a risk analysis, electrical safety, EMC, and user testing data, it is the conclusion of KHN Solutions that the BACTRACK TM Breathalyzer is as safe and effective as the predicate device, has few technological differences, and has no new indications for use, thus rendering it substantially equivalent to the predicate device. The clinical trial performed showed that the over the counter purchaser of this device could read and understand the instructions, could properly use the device, and obtain results that were comparable to those provided by a professional unit administered by a trained observer.

KHN Solutions LLC c/o Mr. Daniel Kamm Kamm & Associates P.O. Box 7007 Deerfield, IL 60015

# SEP 1 4 2007

Re: k071067 Trade Name: BACKTRACKTM Digital Alcohol Detector Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 3 0 5 0$ EMP Regulation Name: Breath alcohol test system Regulatory Class: Class I (reserved) Product Code: DJZ Dated: August 13, 2007 Received: August 16, 2007

Dear Mr. Kamm:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html. Sincerely yours,   
Jean M.Coopes, M.S. DV.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

510(k) Number (f Known) K07/007

# Device Name: BACTRACK™ Digital Alcohol Detector

Indications for Use:   
This device is intended to measure alcohol in the human breath. Measurements obtained by this device are used as an aid in the detection of alcohol   
intoxication.

AND/OR

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Livision Sign-Off

# Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety