# Bio-Rad Laboratories Whole Blood Immunosuppressant Controls Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

# 1.0 Submitter

Bio-Rad Laboratories 9500 Jeronimo Road, Irvine, California 92618-2017 Telephone: (949) 598-1200 Fax: (949) 598-1557

# Contact Person

# DEC 1 1 2007

Suzanne S. Parsons Regulatory Affairs Specialist Telephone: (949) 598-1467

# Date of Summary Preparation

September 13, 2007

0

# Device Identification

Product Name:

- Lyphochek Whole Blood Immunosuppressant Control - Abbott Immunosuppressant MCC

Common Name:

Drug mixture control materials Clinical toxicology control material.

Classification: Product Code: Regulation Number:

Class I   
DIF   
21 CFR 862.3280

# 3.0 Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Lyphochek Whole Blood Control Bio-Rad Laboratories Irvine, California 92618

510 (k) Number: K022041

# 4.0 Description of Device

Lyphochek Whole Blood Immunosuppressant Controls and Abbott Immunosuppressant MCC are both prepared from human whole blood, with added chemicals, and stabilizers.

# 5.0 Intended Use

Lyphochek Whole Blood Immunosuppressant Controls or Abbott Immunosuppressant MCC is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in the package insert.

# 1.0 COmParison OF the NeW devIce WIth the PredicatE Device

Whole Blood Immunosuppressant Controls claim substantial equivalence to the Lyphochek Whole Blood Control currently in commercial distribution (Ko22041).

Table 1: Similarities and Differences between new and predicate device.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bo-RadLyphochek Whole Blood Immunosuppressant ControlsAbbott Immunosuppressant MCC{New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-RadLyphochek Whole Blood Control(Predicate Device K022041)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lyphochek Whole Blood Immunosuppressant Control or AbbottImmunosuppressant-MCC is intended for use as an assayedquality control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testingprocedures for the analytes listed in the package insert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyphochek Whole Blood Control isintended for use as an assayed qualitycontrol serum to monitor the precisionof laboratory testing procedures for theanalytes listed in the package insert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage (Unopened)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2-8°C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial afterReconstitution(Refrigerated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>14 days at 2 to 8°C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days at 2 to 8°C with the followingexceptions: Red cell folate wilt be stablefor 3 days at 2 to 8°C.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vial afterReconstitution(Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>30 days at -20 to -70°C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days at -10 to -20°C.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EDTA Whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated Whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CyclosporineSirolimusTacrolimus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SirolimusTacrolimus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine             Red CellSirolimus                FolateTacrolimus              LeadSerotonin</td></tr></table>

# 6.0 Statement of Supporting Data

Stability studies have been performed to determine the open vial stability and shelf life for this control. Product claims are as follows:

Open vial Stability:   
After reconstituting, all analytes willbe stable for 14 days at 2 to ${ 8 \circ } \complement$ or 30 days at $\mathtt { - 2 0 }$ to $- 7 0 \%$ .   
Shelf Life: 3 Years at 2 to ${ } ^ { 8 \circ } \mathsf { C }$

All supporting data is retained on file at Bio-Rad Laboratories.

BioRad Laboratories Inc. Diagnostics Group c/o Ms. Elizabeth Platt 9500 Jeronimo Road Irvine, CA 92618-2017

# DEC 1 1 2007

Re: k072721 Trade/Device Name: Lyphochek Whole Blood Immunosuppressant Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR§862.3280 Regulation Name: Clinical Toxicology Control Material Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: DIF Dated: September 21, 2007 Received: September 26, 2007

Dear Ms. Platt:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

# Indications for Use

Device Name:

# Lyphochiek Whole Blood Immunosuppressant Control

Indications For Use:

Lyphochek Whole Blood Immunosuppressant Controls is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in the package insert.

The following analytes are listed in the package insert:

Sirolimus Tacrolimus → Cyclosporine

# Device Name:

# Abbott Immunosuppressant MCC

Indications For Use:

Abbott Immunosuppressant MCC is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in the package insert.

The following analytes are listed in the package insert:

Sirolimus Tacrolimus

Prescription Use X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)