# SEP 2 6 2008

# ARCHITECT iPhenobarbital

# 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of the $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Applicant Name:

Carol Jochum   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Abbott Laboratories   
100 Abbott Park Road   
Abbott Park, IL 60064

# Device Name:

# Reagents:

Classification Name: Phenobarbital test system   
Trade Name: ARCHITECT /Phenobarbital Immunoassay   
Common Name: Phenobarbital test   
Govemning Regulation: 862.3660   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Panel: Toxicology   
Product Code: DLZ

# Calibrators:

Classification Name: Calibrator, drug specific   
Trade Name: ARCHITECT iPhenobarbital Calibrators (A-F)   
Common Name: Calibrator   
Governing Regulation: 862.3200   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Panel: Toxicology   
Product Code: DLJ

# Legally marketed device to which equivalency is claimed:

AxSYM Phenobarbital (K940596)

# Intended Use of Device:

The ARCHITECT i Phenobarbital assay is an in vitro chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) for the quantitative measurement of phenobarbital, an anticonvulsant and sedative-hypnotic drug, in human serum or plasma on the ARCHITECT $i$ System with STAT protocol capability. The measurements obtained are used in the diagnosis and treatment of phenobarbital overdose and in monitoring levels of phenobarbital to help ensure appropriate therapy.

# Description of Device:

The ARCHITECT i Phenobarbital assay is a one-step STAT immunoassay for the quantitative measurement of phenobarbital in human serum or plasma using CMIA technology, with flexible assay protocols, referred to as Chemiflex. Sample, antiphenobarbital coated paramagnetic microparticles, and phenobarbital acridiniumlabeled conjugate are combined to create a reaction mixture. The anti-phenobarbital coated microparticles bind to phenobarbital present in the sample and to the phenobarbital acridinium-labeled conjugate. After washing, pre-trigger and trigger solutions are added to the reaction mixture. The resulting chemiluminescent reaction is measured as relative light units (RLUs). An indirect relationship exists between the amount of phenobarbital in the sample and the RLUs detected by the ARCHITECT i System optics.

# Comparison of Technological Characteristics:

The ARCHITECT i Phenobarbital assay is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) method for the quantitative measurement of phenobarbital, an anticonvulsant and sedative-hypnotic drug, in human serum and plasma. The AxSYM Phenobarbital assay utilizes fluorescence polarization immunoassay (FPIA) technology for the measurement of phenobarbital, an anticonvulsant and sedative-hypnotic drug, in serum or plasma.

# Summary of Non-Clinical Performance:

The ARCHITECT iPhenobarbital assay is substantially equivalent to the AxSYM Phenobarbital assay in terms of precision, linearity and interferences as demonstrated in non-clinical performance data in this 510(k) submission.

# Summary of Clinical Performance:

The ARCHITECT iPhenobarbital demonstrated substantially equivalent performance to the AxSYM Phenobarbital with a correlation coefficient of 1.

# SEP 2 6 2008

Abbott Laboratories c/o Ms. Carol Jochum AP 6C-2, Dept. 049C 100 Abbott Park Road Abbott Park, IL 60064

Re: k081231   
Trade/Device Name: ARCHITECT iPhenobarbital Assay ARCHITECT iPhenobarbital Calibrators (A-F)   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3660   
Regulation Name: Phenobarbital test system   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Code: DLZ, DLJ   
Dated: September 9, 2008   
Received: September 10, 2008

Dear Ms. Jochum:

We have reviewed your Scction 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class Ⅱ (Special Controls) or class Ⅲ (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarketnotificatiThe DA nding  utanial equivalence f your device   aly marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

# Indication for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): K08123j

Device Name: ARCHITECT iPhenobarbital

Indication for Use:

# Reagents

The ARCHITECT iPhenobarbital assay is an in vitro chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) for the quantitative measurement of phenobarbital, an anticonvulsant and sedative-hypnotic drug, in human serum or plasma on the ARCHITECT $i$ System with STAT protocol capability. The measurements obtained are used in the diagnosis and treatment of phenobarbital overdose and in monitoring levels of phenobarbital to help ensure appropriate therapy.

# Calibrators

The ARCHITECT iPhenobarbital Calibrators are for the calibration of the ARCHITECT i System with $s T A T$ protocol capability when used for the quantitative determination of phenobarbital in human serum or plasma.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) k0x1231