# 510(k) SUMMARY

# AUG 20 2009

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Devices Act (SMDA) of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The Assige 510(k) nb is K082977

# Submitter:

MK Bio Inc 10239 Flanders Court San Diego, California 92121 Tel: 858-875-1900 Fax: 858-875 1999

FDA Establishment Registration Number: 3002752660

# Date:

October 2, 2008

# Contact Person:

Jane Zhang

# Product Name:

Bionexia OptiCup

# Common Name:

Single-drug lateral flow immunochromatographic test for the simultaneous and qualitative detection of Marijuana, Cocaine, Phencyclidine, Morphine, Methamphetamine, Methadone, Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines and Nortriptyline in urine

# Regulation Name:

Marijuana, Cocaine, Phencyclidine, Morphine, Methamphetamine, Methadone, Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines and Nortriptyline test systems

# Product Code:

Marijuana LDJ Cocaine DIO Phencyclidine Hydrochloride LCM Morphine DNK Methamphetamine DKZ Methadone DJR Amphetamine DJC Barbiturates DIS Benzodiazepines JXM Nortriptyline LFG

# Classification Number:

Marijuana 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3870   
Cocaine 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3250   
Phencyclidine Hydrochloride 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3100   
Morphine 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3640   
Methamphetamine 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3610   
Methadone 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3620   
Amphetamine 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3100   
Barbiturates 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3150   
Benzodiazepines 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3170   
Nortriptyline 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3910

# Device Classification:

The Marijuana, Cocaine, Phencyclidine, Morphine, Methamphetamine, Methadone, Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines and Nortriptyline test systems have been classified as Class II devices with moderate complexity.

The Bionexia OptiCup is similar to other FDA-cleared devices for the qualitative and simultaneous detection of Marijuana, Cocaine, Phencyclidine, Morphine, Methamphetamine, Methadone, Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines and Nortriptyline in human urine.

# Intended Use:

The Bionexia OptiCup is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative and simultaneous detection of elevated levels of Marijuana, Cocaine, Phencyclidine, Morphine, Methamphetamine, Methadone, Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines and Nortriptyline in human urine at or above the following concentrations:

Marijuana 50 ng/mL Cocaine 300 ng/mL Phencyclidine 25 ng/mL Morphine 2,000 ng/mL Methamphetamine 1,000 ng/mL Methadone 300 ng/mL Amphetamine 1,000 ng/mL Barbiturates 300 ng/mL Benzodiazepines 300 ng/mL Nortriptyline 1,000 ng/mL

The Bionexia OptiCup is used to obtain visual qualitative test results and is intended for healthcare professionals only. It is not intended for over the counter sale to non-professionals.

Configurations of the Bionexia OptiCup can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

This device provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical test result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical considerations and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

# Description:

Bionexia OptiCup is derived from a previously FDA-cleared device, ADT's ACCUSTEP Single and Multi-Strip Cassette/Dipstick DOA Screen Panels (K061005).

The unmodified test is made of various number of single drug-of-abuse (DOA) test strips (from 1 to 10 strips) placed in an open faced housing. These test strips are fixed in position with an adhesive label covering over the absorbent end of the test card with dipping end protruding. When running the test, the dipping end of the test panel is dipped into urine sample and test results read at 5 minutes.

The test strips used in Bionexia OptiCup are made in the exact same manner as the strips used in the cleared ACCUSTEP Single and Multi-Strip Dipstick DOA Screen Panels from one to ten single test stris plac in an oen-ace housg inside a plastic cup.In Binia Optup, these test strips are assembled and fixed in position with an adhesive label covering over the absorbent end of the test card with dipping end protruding. The dipstick assembly is then sealed, (integrated) into a plastic urine cup, which also serves as a urine collection and specimen delivering device to run the test in one integrated device.

Bionexia OptiCup is a user-friendly modification of the unmodified device. To use an unmodified device, user has to collect urine sample in a container, tear open the dipstick device pouch, take off the device cover, dip the device into urine sample and hold it for 5-10 seconds, cover the dipstick device cover, lay device flat and wait for 5 minutes to read the preliminary qualitative test results. To use a modified device, user can open the cup pouch and take out the integrated OptiCup, simultaneously collect, dispense urine for dipping, run the test and obtain preliminary qualitative test results in 5 minutes. The leftover urine specimen in the cup, which is not adulterated or tampered with in any way, can be sent in to a toxicology lab for confirmation especially when a presumptive positive test result is obtained. This modified device allows user to administrate multiple drug test from urine specimen collection, testing, and result confirmation with one single device.

Bionexia OptiCup presents an ideal and convenient format for various testing environments such as hospitals, clinics, workplace pre-employment screening, justice system or court-ordered compliance monitoring and random drug testing. This integrated Cup is designed to accompany available line of drugs of abuse tests from ADT. Customers can choose any combination of the cleared drug of abuse tests and integrated into this cup.

The Bionexia OptiCup is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative and simultaneous detection of elevated levels of Marijuana, Cocaine, Phencyclidine, Morphine, Methamphetamine, Methadone, Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines and Nortriptyline in human urine at or above the following concentrations:

Marijuana 50 ng/mL Cocaine 300 ng/mL Phencyclidine 25 ng/mL Morphine 2,000 ng/mL Methamphetamine 1,000 ng/mL Methadone 300 ng/mL Amphetamine 1,000 ng/mL Barbiturates 300 ng/mL Benzodiazepines 300 ng/mL Nortriptyline 1,000 ng/mL

These tests can be performed without the use of an instrument.

A positive urine specimen will not generate a colored-line for the specific drug tested in the designated test region. A negative urine specimen or a urine specimen containing Marijuana,

Cocaine, Phencyclidine, Morphine, Methamphetamine, Methadone, Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines and Nortriptyline below the designated cutoff levels wil generate a colored line in the designated test region for the drug. To serve as a procedural control, a colored-line will always appear at the control region, indicating that proper volume of specimen has been added and membrane wicking has occurred.

# Unmodified Applied DNA Technologies (ADT) Test Device:

The Bionexia OptiCup is derived from a previously FDA cleared device: K061005. This legally marketed but unmodified device and 510(k) number under which it was previously cleared is listed below in Table 1.

Table 1: Unmodified ADT device with K number and Product Codes   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previously Cleared ADT Drug of Abuse Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACCUSTEP Single and Multi-Strip DOA Cassetteand Dipstick Sereen Panels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K061005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LD.J, DIO, LCM, LFG, DKZ,DJR, DKZ, DIS, JXM, DJG</td></tr></table>

# Modified ADT Test Device:

The Bionexia OptiCup is a modified form of a previously FDA-cleared device, K061005. The difference between the modified devices and the unmodified device is that the former has the test strips assembled in a cup format, while the unmodified device has test strips assembled in a dipstick format.

With a cup format, this device can provide many "user friendly" features for the urine-based drug tests. User will be able to collect urine sample, administrate drug test, obtain preliminary test result and send split unadulterated urine sample for confirmation, all with one single drug testing device, the Bionexia OptiCup.

MK Bio, Inc. c/o Ms. Jane Zhang Director of QA/RA 10239 Flanders Court San Diego, CA 92121

# AUG 20 2009

Re: k082977 Trade Name: Bionexia OptiCup Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 3 1 0 0$ Regulation Name: Amphetamine Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: DIO, DIS, DJC, DJR, DNK, DKZ, JXM, LCM, LDJ, LFG Dated: July 16, 2009 Received: July 21, 2009

Dear Ms. Zhang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above an have eterie the evic  ustantaly equivalent or the dicationsorusestated  the ence to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions  thct.e erl controls provisions hecinclu equments  ual is listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

Iyr device i caseeaboveinto either class  Specialontols)rclass  A)t  e suje  u adiinal cntls.Exisig maorgulatis afecig yourdevic can foun n T, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuanceof a substantial equivalence determinatin does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and a  l  ' including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postnarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

4C.H

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

S10RI MmHe.KL082977

Device Name: Bionexia OptiCup

Indications for Use: The Bionexia OptiCup is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative and simultaneous detection of elevated levels of Marijuana, Cocaine, Phencyclidine, Morphine, Methamphetamine, Methadone, Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines and Nortriptyline in human urine at or above the following concentrations:

Marijuana   
Cocaine   
Phencyclidine   
Morphine   
Methamphetamine   
Methadone   
Amphetamine   
Barbiturates   
Benzodiazepines   
Nortriptyline

50 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
25 ng/mL   
2,000 ng/mL   
1,000 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
1,000 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
1,000 ng/mL

The test strips with an integrated cup is intended for healthcare professionals only. It is not intended for over the counter sale to non-professionals.