# EXHIBIT 2 510(k) Summary for K082086

The Ashlcy Collection Inc. dba PRO'rOCOL   
600 West 57th St. 2nd Floor   
New York, NY 10019   
Tel 212-247-7294   
Fax 212-247-1489   
Contact: Robert Goldy, CEO   
Date prepared: November 13, 2008

1. Identification of the Device: Proprietary-Trade Name: Protocol Alcohol Breath Checker Classification Name: Dcvice, breath trapping, alcohol, DJZ Common/Usual Name: Breath-alcohol test system

2. Equivalent legally marketed devices K052448, Connectables Pocket Breathalyzer

3.Indications for Use (intended use): This device is intended to measure alcohol in human breath. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis of alcohol intoxication.

4.Description of the Device: Protocol's alcohol breath checker is designed to measure deep lung air to test for the presence of alcohol in the blood. Protocol's breath checker is an alcohol screening device and uses a blow time of at least 3 seconds to capture an accurate deep lung sample. Protocol's alcohol breathe tester contains an oxide semiconductor sensor designed to test for the presence of alcohol. The oxide semiconductor material is heated to a specific temperature. The resistance of sensing material changes rapidly according to gas concentration changes, thereby enabling the reading of alcohol concentration by resistance measurement.. The device provides a semi-quantitative measure of a patient's blood alcohol level using colored LEDs as indicators. The indications are: Red & Yellow: BAC 0.08 or more; Yellow: BAC 0.05 to 0.08; Green: $\mathrm { B A C } < 0 . 0 5$ . The device also includes a flashlight function and a count-up/count-down timer. The timer can bc used for parking meter timing or for timing the wait before performing the alcohol test after consuming alcohol, nominally 20 minutes.

5.Safety and Effectiveness, comparison to predicate device. The results of bench, laboratory and user testing indicates that the new device is as safe and effective as the predicate device. A clinical trial was performed to establish that the user could read and understand the instructions provided, and properly use the device, as well as perform comparably to an evidentiary type of breath alcohol tester.

6. Substantial Equivalence Chart   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K052448, Connectables PocketBreathalyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protocol Alcohol BreathChecker</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INDICATION OF USE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Connectables PocketBreathalyzer is intended tomeasure alcohol in human breath.Measurements obtained by thisdevice are used in the diagnosis ofalcohol intoxication.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This device is intended to measurealcohol in human breath.Measurements obtained by thisdevice are used in the diagnosis ofalcohol intoxication. (SAME)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MODE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Breath Alcohol Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRACTITIONER USE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Over the Counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blowing time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 Seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 Seconds (SAME)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DISPLAY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three colored LEDs:Red, Yellow, Green.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red: BAC &gt; 0.08Yellow: BAC 0.04 to 0.08Green: BAC&lt;0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red &amp; Yellow BAC 0.08 or moreYellow: BAC 0.05 to 0.08Green: BAC&lt;0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POWER SOURCE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2- AAA Alkaline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BATTERY LIFE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 Tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 Tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00-0.40% BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuracy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-0.01%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TYPE OF SENSOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semiconductor-Oxide Sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ANATOMICAL SITE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouth</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Warm Up Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-15 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Construction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic case with internal circuitboard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SIZE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.64&quot; x 2.1&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5&quot;x 3&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WEIGHT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42 gm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 gm.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flashlight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Timer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count-up or Count-down</td></tr></table>

# 7. Conclusion

After analyzing bench tests, EMC, and user testing data, it is the conclusion of Protocol that the Protocol Alcohol Breathalyzer is as safe and effective as the predicate device, has few technological differences, and has no new indications for use, thus rendering it substantially equivalent to the predicate device.The clinical trial performed showed that the over the counter purchaser of this device could read and understand the instructions, could properly use the device, and obtain results that were comparable to those provided by a professional unit administered by a trained observer.

<table><tr><td rowspan="11">Protocol Breath Alcohol Tester Intended Use This device is intended to measure alcohol in the are used as an aid in the detection of alcohol intoxication. 10 We i 000 Z 3 7 4 8 5 2. B 2 3 3. 4. @ RED and (1) Red LED (2) Yellow LEO (3) Green LED (9) Lighi Switch (4) POWER Button (5) Hour Button (6) Minute Button (7) START/STOP Bulton</td><td rowspan="10">4. 5. Don&#x27;t use the light during an alcohol test. human breath. Measurements obtained by this device</td><td colspan="3">When the batteries are low, the Red and Yellow LEDs may light up during the alcohol test. Replace the batteries at this point.</td><td>the green light is lit. DON&#x27;T DRINK AND DRIVE!</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">See Warnings regarding device replacement. 6.</td><td>Warnings Our testing has shown that this device functions accurately for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Using Alcohol Tester</td><td>at least 400 tests. Based on NIAAA studies,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td>(www.alcoholism.about.com) this corresponds to</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">WAIT 15 to 20 minutes after drinking</td><td>approximately one year of device use for most drinkers. YOU</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">alcohol. Alcohol in your mouth could give</td><td>SHOULD REPLACE YOUR DEVICE ONE YEAR AFTER FIRST</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">you an abnormally high reading.</td><td>USE. FAILURE TO DO SO MAY CAUSE YOUR READINGS TO BI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td>INACCURATE. If you are a heavy drinker or a heavy smoker,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">1. Press and hold the POWER button until just</td><td>we strongly recommend replacing the unit sooner.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">the green LED is lit. When just the green LED is lit, the unit is ready for testing. Hold</td><td>The Alcohol Tester&quot; does not guarantee 100% accuracy or the same reults the breathalyzers used by law enforcement officals. Test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">the power button continuously durinq and</td><td>results are guides only and should not be relied upon. Results can be</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td>affected by environmental conditions, direct sunlight, excessive heat,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">after the testing.</td><td>submersion in liquids, improper usage, and elapsed time after drinking, amount of food consumption, medication and other drugs consumed. It</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Take a deep breath and exhale into the</td><td>is strongly advised that no motor vehide or equipment be used after</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">sensor at top of unit for 3 seconds slowly</td><td>consuming any amount of alcohol, regardless of the results of the Alcohol Tester. The Alcohol Tester uses a colored LED indicator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">and consistently. The test results will occur</td><td>system (Green, Yellow, and Red) to deliver test results. Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">immediately. Do Not touch the top of the unit with your lips.</td><td>should not be interpreted by individuals who are colorblind or visually impaired.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Observe which LEDs appear. See the</td><td>Specifications</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">chart below for the LED codes. Replace unit after one year. See Warnings</td><td>Test Method: Product uses a semi-conductor gas sensor to detect alcohol on breath and converts it to a BAC level. Preheat time: 5 to 15 seconds (unless the Alcohol Tester was</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Wait 15-20 seconds before running the test again just used) What the LEDs mean:</td><td>Battery life: About 200 tests with two &quot;AAA&quot; alkaline batteries Calibration: Breath alcohol simulator with 0.05 and 0.08 BAC solution, done in factory at time of manufacture LEGALLY Device life: One year, approximately 400 tests.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">YELLOW or greater (B) LCD Display for Timer YELLOW BAC of</td><td>INTOXICATED. Light Function CAUTION:</td><td>Operating temperature: 10 to 40°C Storage temperature: 0 to S0°C Other Functions Set the light switch to &lt;ON&gt; position to turn on the light. Do no use the light while using the alcohol tester.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">(10) Sensor Opening (11)Light (12) Battlery Compartmont (13) Keychain GREEN</td><td>.05% BORDERLINE to INTOXICATED. .08%</td><td colspan="2">Count-up timer 1. when the setting is 0:00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Before Using Open the battery lid on the back of the unit. Insert two &quot;AAA&quot; (UM-4) high-quality alkaline batteries. {not included) with</td><td>BAC of less than</td><td>2. LOW or timer. 3. MODERATE LEVEL BUT YOUR</td><td>Press the START/STOP button to start the count-up timer Press the START/STOP button again to stop the count-up To reset the count-up timer to O:00, press the HR and MIN buttons at the same time.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">correct polarity as indicated. Replace the battery lid. The unit is now ready for use. Useful Tips No</td><td>O</td><td>.05%</td><td>DRIVING MIGHT STILL BE 2. IMPAIRED 3.</td><td>Countdown timer Press HR or MIN buttons to set the countdown HOUR or MINUTE. Press the START/STOP button to start the countdown timer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">WAIT 15 to 20 minutes after drinking alcohal before testing. You must press and hold down the PowER button during</td><td>Lights</td><td>Replace the batteries</td><td>4.</td><td>Press the START/STOP button again to stop the countdown timer. A two second warning signal will be given at the last 10 and 5 minutes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">2. the entire test. If left idle far a long time, the Red &amp; Yellow LEDs will light up showing the unit needs more time to warm up. Continue</td><td></td><td colspan="3">&quot;BAC&quot; means &quot;Blood Alcohol Concentration&quot; CAUTION: Your driving may be impaired at ANY level</td><td>The alarm of the countdown timer lasts 60 seconds. Pressing the HR and MIN buttons at the same time can stop</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">3. to press the Power button until the unit shows only the</td><td colspan="3">of alcohol consumption. This may be true even if only</td><td>the alarm earlier. 6. To reset the countdown timer to 0:00 press the HR and MIN</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="3"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="3"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="3"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="3"></td><td>buttons at the same time.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="3"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="3"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="3"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="3"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="3"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="3"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td colspan="3"></td><td></td></tr></table>

The Ashley Collection, Inc. Attn: Mr. Robert Goldy 600 West $5 7 ^ { \mathrm { { t h } } }$ St., $2 ^ { \mathfrak { n } \mathfrak { d } }$ Floor New York, NY 10019

# DEC 1 9 2008

Re: k082086 Trade Name: Protocol Alcohol Breath Alcohol Tester Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3050 Regulation Name: Breath-Alcohol Test System Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Codes: DJZ Dated: November 14, 2008 Reccived: November 17, 2008

Dear Mr. Goldy:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenccd above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicatc devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalenc of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please niote the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K082086

Device Name: Alcohol Breath Tester

Indications for Use:

This devise is intended to measure alcohol in the human breathe. Measurements obtained by this device are use as an aid in the detection of alcohol intoxication.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

CA

Division \$igh-Off   
Office of Id Vitro Diagnostic Devices,   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) No. K082086