# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cyclosporine Extended Range Calibrator

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

The assigned 510ok) number is: k082030

# 1. Submitter's Contact Information and Date of Preparation

Contact Information:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. P.O. Box 6101   
Newark, DE 19714-6101   
Attn: Yuk-Ting Lewis   
Tel: 302-631-7626

Date of Preparation:

July 10, 2008

# 2. Proprietary Device Name / FDA Classification Name

Dimension Vista $^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ Cyclosporine Extended Range Calibrator / Clinical Toxicology Calibrator

# 3. Identification of the Predicate Device

Dimension $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ CSAE Cyclosporine Extended Range Calibrator, K061503

# 4. Device Description

The Dimension Vista $\mathfrak { B }$ Cyclosporine Extended Range Calibrator contains cyclosporine in a preserved whole blood hemolysate. The kit consists of three vials of Calibrator A (200 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ ) and three vials of Calibrator B $( 2 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ The intermediate calibrator levels (400, 800 and $1 4 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ are prepared on-board the Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Vista analyzer.

# 5. Device Intended Use

The CSAE CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of CSAE method on the Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ system.

# 6. Summary of the devices technological characteristics

A comparison of the Dimension Vista $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ CSAE Calibrator vs. the predicate device is provided.

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>(New Device) Dimension Vista Cyclosporine Extended Range Calibrator</td><td>(Predicate) Dimension® CSAE Cyclosporine Extended Range Calibrator, K061503</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The CSAE CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of CSAE method on the Dimension Vista® system.</td><td>The Dimension® CSAE Cyclosporine Extended Range Calibrator is an in vitro diagnostic product intended to be used to calibrate the CSAE Cyclosporine Extended range method for the Dimension® clinical chemistry system or the Syva® Emit® 2000 Cyclosporine Specific Assay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Analyte Cyclosporine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Matrix Preserved whole blood hemolysate</td></tr><tr><td>Number of levels and target concentrations</td><td>Two levels: 200 and 2000 ng/mL cyclosporine. The intermediate calibrator levels (400, 800 and 1400 ng/mL) are prepared on-board the Dimension® Vista analyzer.</td><td>Five levels: 200, 400, 800, 1400 and 2000 ng/mL cyclosporine.</td></tr><tr><td>Stability</td><td colspan="2">The stability of the calibrators is established through real-time data on 3 lots of product. Testing is conducted at multiple time points and must pass pre-defined acceptance criteria.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Traceability The calibrator is traceable to an internal master pool containing USP cyclosporine A and whose values are confirmed by LC/MS/MS.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Conclusion

Based on a review of the devices technological features, the Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cyclosporine Extended Range Calibrator is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed device, the Dimension $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ CSAE Cyclosporine Extended Range Calibrator.

# AUG 2 2 2008

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, Inc.   
c/o Yuk-Ting Lewis   
Regulatory Affairs & Compliance Manager P.O. Box 6101, Mail Stop 514   
Newark, DE 19714-6101

Re: k082030 Trade Name: Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cyclosporine Extended Range Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3200 Regulation Name: Clinical Toxicology Calibrator. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: DLJ Dated: July 15, 2008 Received: July 17, 2008

Dear Ms. Lewis:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices hat hav beenreclassi  ordnce wih the provisons  the Federal FdDrg and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopis, M.S., D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Numbe (f known) 082030

Device Name: Dimension Vista $\textcircled{8}$ Cyclosporine Extended Range Calibrator

Indications For Use:

The CSAE CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of CSAE method on the Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ system.

CAL