# 510(k) SUMMARY

# NOV 21 2008

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

The Assigned 510(k) number is: K082508

# Submitter

Branan Medical Corporation 140 Technology Dr., Suite 400 Irvine, CA 92618

Tel: (949) 598-7166   
Fax: (949) 598-7167

# Date Prepared

August 25, 2008

# Contact Person

Raphacl Wong President

# Product Names

Fastect® II BUP Drug Screen Dipstick QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard

# Common Name

Immunochromatographic test for the qualitative detection of Buprenorphinc in urine.

# Classification Panel

Buprenorphine Test Systems

# Product Code

# Classification Number

21 CFR, 862.6350

# Device Classification

The Buprenorphine tcst systems are classified as Class II devices with moderatc complexitly. These tests arc used to provide only a preliminary result. All positive test rcsults obtained with these devices must be confirmed by another test method, prefcrably GC/MS or LC/MS confirmatory analysis.

# Intended Use

The Fastect® I BUP Drug Screen Dipstick and the QuickTox® Drug Screen Dpcard deviccs are chromatographic immunoassays for the qualitative detection of Buprenorphine in human urine at a cut-off concentration of $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m l }$ These tests are screening devices and provide only a preliminary rcsult. All positive test results obtained should be confirmed by anothcr test method, preferably GC/MS or LC/MS analysis. The Fastect® II BUP Drug Screen Dipstick and the QuickTox Drug Screen Dipcard deviccs are intended for professional use only. They are not intended for over-the-countcr sale to non-professionals.

# Description

The Fastect® II BUP Drug Screen Dipstick and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard are based on the principle of highly specific immunochemical reactions between antigens and antibodies. Both devices utilize a competitive immunoassay procedure in which an immobilized drug conjugate competes with the drug present in urine for limited antibody binding sites. If Buprenorphine is present in thc urine, it competes with the immobilized drug conjugate for the limited binding sites on the colorcd antibody colloidal gold conjugate. Whcn a sufficient amount of drug is present, the drug will saturate the antibodies, and the colored colloidal gold conjugate cannot bind to thc drug conjugate immobilized on the membrane. Thus, the absence of the purple-red band at the test region indicates a prcliminary positive result. However, if there is no drug present to competc for the binding sites of the colored colloidal gold conjugate, it binds to the immobilized drug conjugate to form a visiblc purple-red band at the test region of the membrane. Thus, the presence of a purple-red band at the test region indicates a ncgative result. The Fastect® II BUP Drug Screen Dipstick and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard devices are standardized to detect Buprenorphine in human urinc at a cut-off concentration of $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m l }$ Thesc tests can be performed without the use of any additional instruments.

A control band with a different antigen/antibody reaction is added to the immunochromatographic membrane strip and should always appear regardless of the prescnce of drug or metabolite. The appearance of the control band during testing indicates that thc test has completed and the test is valid.

# Safety and Effectiveness Data

# Accuracy

A total of 90 urine specimens were evaluatcd with the Fastect® II BUP Drug Screen Dipstick and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard devices. Of the 90 urine specimens, 50 urine samples were clinical specimens previously analyzed by GC/MS with known Buprenorphine concentrations. Approximately $10 \%$ were near-negative samples and at least $10 \%$ of the clinical urine samples were near-positive. When near-negative and near-positive clinical urine samples could not be easily obtained, more concentrated clinical urine samples were diluted to make these samples. Both the Fastect® II BUP Drug Screen Dipstick and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard devices were compared with the $\Delta C O \mathbf { \bar { N } } ^ { \textregistered }$ BUP One Step Buprenorphine Test Device as well as against the values obtained through GC/MS analysis. The following shows the rcsults obtained from this study:

Fastcct® II BUP Drug Screen Dipstick Test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(&lt;50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSNear Negative(50% to C/O)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSNear Positive(C/O to +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSHigh Positive(&gt;+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%</td></tr></table>

QuickTox°® Drug Scrcen Dipcard Test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(&lt;50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSNear Negative(50% to C/O)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSNear Positive(C/O to +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSHigh Positive(&gt;+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative()</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics and Other Information

The performance characteristics of the Fastect® II BUP Drug Screen Dipstick and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard devices were verified by sensitivity, precision, specificity, cross-reactivity, interference $\mathrm { \bf { p H } }$ and Specific Gravity), stability, and optimal read time studies. Results from these studies show that the above-mentioned devices are reliable and meet performance claims when used according to the instructions provided in the Package Insert.

# Conclusion

The performance characteristics studies performed demonstrate substantial equivalency between the Fastect® II BUP Drug Screen Dipstick and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard devices and $\mathrm { A C O N } ^ { \mathrm { ( \bar { R } ) } }$ BUP One Step Buprenorphine Test Device with the same cut-off concentration of 10 $\mathfrak { n } \mathrm { g } / \mathfrak { n } \mathrm { 1 }$ We have demonstrated that these tests are safe and effective in qualitatively detecting Buprenorphine at a cut-off concentration of $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m l }$ Therefore thcsc tcsts are suitable for professional use only.

Branan Medical Corporation   
c/o Mr. Raphacl Wong   
President   
140 Technology Drive, Suite 400   
Irvine, CA 92618

Re: k082508 Trade Name: Fastect $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II BUP Drug Scrcen Dipstick QuickTox $\textcircled{8}$ Drug Screen Dipcard Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: DJG Dated: August 25, 2008 Received: September 02, 2008

Dear Mr. Wong:

We have reviewed your Scction $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. DV.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

K082508

Device Name:

Indications for Use:

The Fastect® II BUP Drug Screen Dipstick and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard devices are rapid immunochromatographic immunoassays for the qualitative detection of Buprenorphine in human urine at a cut-off concentration of $1 0 \ n g / m !$ The devices are intended for professional use only. They are not intended for over-the-counter sale to non-professionals.

The Fastect® 1I BUP Drug Screen Dipstick and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard tests are used to obtain visual, qualitative results. A more specific alternate method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS are the preferred confirmatory methods.

Prescription Use v (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Offce of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 1 of _1

LiMspn Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
101 k082508   
2C()