# 510(k) Summary

# JUL 23 2009

510(k) owner LifeGuard, a division of Lifeloc Technologies 12441 W. $4 9 ^ { \mathfrak { h } }$ Ave. #4 Wheat Ridge, CO 80033 Phone: (720) 317-2195 Fax: (303) 431-1423

Contact Person: Mark Lary, Vice President of Operations

Date Prepared: March 20, 2009

# Device Name(s)

Proprietary or trade name: LifeGuard   
Alternate proprietary or trade name: BacTrack B90   
Common name: Breath Alcohol Test System   
Regulation number: 21 CFR 862.3050   
Device Classification name: Devices, Breath Trapping, Alcohol   
Classification product code: DJZ

# Indications for Use

The LifeGuard and BacTrack B90 devices are intended to measure alcohol in human breath. Measurements obtained from these devices are used in the diagnosis of alcohol intoxication.

The LifeGuard and BacTrack B90 devices are intended to be used by the general adult population and by qualified personnel, such as physicians, nurses, and technicians.

The LifeGuard and BacTrack B90 devices are intended to be used by adults (age 21 and over) in measuring alcohol intoxication in themselves or others.

The LifeGuard and BacTrack B90 devices are intended to be used in both home (over-the-counter) and clinical settings.

# Predicate Device Summary

The LifeGuard and BacTrack B90 devices are claimed to be substantially equivalent to these legally marketed devices: Drager 6510 (k063443) and AlcoHawk PT-500 (k080848).

# Description of Device

The LifeGuard product is a breath alcohol detector designed to sample the patient's deep lung air in order to test for the presence of alcohol in the blood. The sensor used in the LifeGuard is an electrochemical fuel cell sensor. When the patient exhales into the device, after 4 seconds a sample of the breath is pumped into the fuel cell and

generates an electrical current. The amount and duration of the current has a known relationship to the concentration of alcohol in the breath sample. The relationship between the alcohol concentration in the deep lung breath and in the blood is known by Henry's law with a ratio of 2100:1.

The BacTrack B90 has the same intended use, description and performance characteristics as the LifeGuard with a different physical appearance.

Both the LifeGuard and BacTrack B90 products are handheld and are used with a single-use disposable mouthpiece and a replaceable 9 volt battery.

Table 1 - Predicate Device Feature Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LifeGuardBacTrack B90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate 1Drager 6510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate 2AlcoHawk PT-500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510K number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lmaGlow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k063443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k080848</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intendeduse/Indications for use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended to measurealcohol in human breath.Readings from thisdevice are used todetermine alcoholintoxication.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient Population</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General Public (Over thecounter use) and clinicalsettings</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General Public (Over thecounter use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General Public (Over the counteruse)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensor Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemical FuelCell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemical Fuel Cell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemical Fuel Cell</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Construction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic case with internalcircuit board</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouthpiece</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single use disposable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single use disposable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single use disposable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 volt battery</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 AA batteries or rechargeableNiMH battery</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 AA batteries</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~1500 tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~200 tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.000 to .400 BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.000 to .500 BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000-0.400 BAC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 1/4&quot; H x 2 1/2&quot; W x 1&quot;D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 1/2&quot; H x 3 1/8 &quot; W x 1 1/3&quot; D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5&quot; x 2.63&quot; x 1.25&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140 grams</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 grams</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147 grams</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Warm up time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-20 seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 seconds and 1liter ofbreath</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 liters of breath. Volume andtime are adjustable.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Default 5 seconds, adjustable from3-8 seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Graphic OLED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Graphic LCD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Graphic LCD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuracy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/- .005 BAC from 0 to.100 BAC. +/- 5% above.100 BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>reproducibility with an ethanolstandard: from 0 to 0.5 mg/l +/-.008 mg/l above .5 mg/l +/-1.7%of measured volume(from 0 to .105 BAC +/-.00168BAC, above .105 BAC +/- 1.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.005 BAC at .050 BAC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-50C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5-50C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-40C (50-104F)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Every 6-12 months, or monthlycalibration may be required if theunit is used daily.</td></tr></table>

# Safety and Effectiveness Comparison to Predicate Device

The results of laboratory bench testing, NRTL safety testing, and user studies indicate that the LifeGuard device is as safe and effective as the predicate device. Verification testing was done to verify the device's hardware and firmware performance met the requirements stated in the device specifications. Safety testing was performed by a Nationally Recognized Test Lab to certify compliance with applicable US and European safety standards for a medical device. A usability study was done to validate that the device met the requirements of the users and that the device labeling was adequate to describe the proper use of the device.

# Conclusion

The combination of the LifeGuard design, feature set, verification and validation results, and agency testing reports demonstrate that the LifeGuard breath alcohol tester is a safe, effective product that is substantially equivalent to other FDA cleared alcohol breath testing products.

LifeGuard, a Division of Lifeloc Tech. c/o Mr. Mark Lary Vice President of Operations 12441 W. $4 9 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ Avenue #4 Wheat Ridge, CO 80033

Re: k090766 Trade Name: LifeGuard / Backtrack B90 Breath Alcohol Tester Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 3 0 5 0$ Regulation Name: Breath-Alcohol Test System Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Codes: DJZ Dated: July 15, 2009 Received: July 16, 2009

Dear Mr. Lary:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class Ⅲ (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); an omaacturi prace equments s  rt  the aly systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Offce of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please o to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postniarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

4C.K

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k090766

Device Name: LifeGuard BacTrack B90

Indications For Use:

The LifeGuard and BacTrack B90 devices are intended to measure alcohol in human breath. Measurements obtained from these devices are used in the diagnosis of alcohol intoxication.

The LifeGuard and BacTrack B90 devices are intended to be used by the general adult population and by qualified personnel, such as physicians, nurses, and technicians.

The LifeGuard and BacTrack B90 devices are intended to be used by adults (age 21 and over) in measuring alcohol intoxication in themselves or others.

The LifeGuard and BacTrack B90 devices are intended to be used in both home (overthe-counter) and clinical settings.

Prescription Use _____AND/OR (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use _X (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

DMision sign-off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510m K090766