# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 5 10(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.)

Prepared: May 22, 2009   
Revised: Sep 9, 2009

1.1 Type of Submission: Traditional   
1.2 Submitter: Skyfine Inc. Limited Address: Flat A, 10/F., Block A, Tung Chun Industrial Building, 9-11 Cheung Wing Road, Kwai Chung, N.T., HONG KONG Phone: (852) 6827-6600 Fax: (852) 2448-8918 Contact: Jason Chiang, President Establishment Registration Number: 3007776657

1.3 Identification of the Device:

# Proprietary/Trade name:

AlcoDigital Breathalyzer, Model AT576, AT577, AT578,   
AT579   
Breath Alcohol Test System   
Devices, Breath Trapping, Alcohol

Common Name: Classification Name: Device Classification: Regulation Number: Panel: Product Code:

I   
862.3050   
Toxicology DJZ

1.4 Identification of the Predicate Device:

Predicate Device Name:   
AlcoHAWK PT500 Digital Alcohol Detector   
Manufacturer:   
Q3 INNOVATIONS LLC   
510(k) Number or Clearance Information:   
K080848

# 1.5 Intended Use and Indications for Use of the subject device.

This device is intended to measure alcohol in human breath. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis of alcohol intoxication.

# 1.6 Device Description

The AlcoDigital Breathalyzer AT576, AT577, AT578, AT579 are designed to measure deep lung air to determine the level of alcohol in the blood. The relationship between alcohol in the blood and in the deep lung breath is well established by Henry's law in ratio of 2100:1. The alcohol sensor is electrochemical fuel cell type, and the unit has been designed to blow 6 seconds to get the sample of alcohol, the sensor generates an output by electronic voltage, which is proportional to the concentration of alcohol in the blood. The unit is powered by 1 pcs 9V battery or DC12V input.

# 1.7 Safety and Effectiveness

The result of bench and user testing indicates that the new device is as safe and effective as the predicate device. A clinical trial was performed to establish that the user could read and understand the instructions provided, and properly use the device.

# 1.8 Substantial Equivalence Determination

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlcoDigital Breathalyzer AT576</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlcoDigitalBreathalyzer AT577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlcoDigitalBreathalyzer AT578</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlcoDigitalBreathalyzer AT579</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shape</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Construction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic case with internal circuit board</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fuel Cell Sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuracy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.005% at 0.05%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blowing time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blowing flow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10L/min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Warm up Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeat test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>less than 60 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audible sound alarm if above 0.05%BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Show &quot;HI&quot; if above the display range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anatomical Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouth</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouthpiece</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Replaceable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power supply</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9V battery or DC 12V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery for standard testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>about 500 times</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low battery indication and auto power offfunction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlcoDigltal Breathalyzer AT576</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlcoDigitalBreathalyzer AT577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlcoDigitalBreathalyzer AT578</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlcoDigitalBreathalyzer AT579</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shape</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tot d</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10°C~40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10C~60C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recalibration interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blowing pressure and interrupt detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115x60x23mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000-0.200%BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Differences</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 digits display with status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>208010            0E   J18000000MTEmg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WAT BLOW0000111000=mg/L %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temperature/Date/Time display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>. YES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Print /Download</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 records</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>5 records</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buttons</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 buttons: Test, Set Up, Print</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>2 buttons:Test, Memory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100g</td></tr></table>

# NOV 1 8 2009

Skyfine Inc. Ltd.   
c/o Michael Lee   
Acmebiotechs Co. Ltd.   
No.45, Minsheng Rd., Danshui Town (Innovation and Incubation Center of Mackey Memorial Hospital)   
Taipei County, TW 251

Re: k091714 Trade Name: Skyfine Inc. AlcoDigital Breathalyzer Models AT576, AT577, AT578, AT579 Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 3 0 5 0$ Regulation Name: Breath-Alcohol Test System Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Codes: DJZ Dated: October 30, 2009 Received: November 5, 2009

Dear Mr Lee.:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours, c

Courtnby C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Directør   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known):

K091714

Device Name: AlcoDigital Breathalyzer, Model AT576, AT577, AT578, AT579

Indications for Use:

This device is intended to measure alcohol in human breath. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis of alcohol intoxication.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use _ X (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 5101k K091714