# 510(K) SUMMARY

# xTAG® CYP2D6 Kit v3

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement of 21 CFR 807.92.

510(k) Number: K093420

Purpose for Submission: New Device.

# Measurand:

A panl o nucleotidevariants found within thehighly polymorphic CYP2D gee located on chromosome 2 frm exrao ho bloo sh  nony  arret sst  e deletion $( ^ { \ast } 5 )$ and duplication genotypes.

Type of Test: Qualitative genotyping multiplex test.

Applicant:   
Luminex Molecular Diagnostics Inc. 439 University Ave.   
Toronto, ON M5G 1Y8 Canada   
Tel: 416.593.4323 x374   
Fax: 416.593.1001   
Contact person: Dr. Gloria Lee

Proprietary and Established Names: xTAG® CYP2D6 Kit v3

Regulatory Information:   
1. Regulation Section:   
21 CFR 862.3360 - Drug Metabolizing Enzyme Genotyping System

2. Classification: Class II

3. Product Code: NTI

4. Panel: Toxicology

# Intended Use:

T TAG®CYP Ks  devi s utanyec nd inty  pue rt within the highly polymorphic CYP2D6 gene located on chromosome 22 from genomic DNA extracted from EDTA and $( ^ { * } 5 )$ EP u s    i s hi  e o response.

Indication(s) for use: Same as intended use.

Special conditions for use statement(s):

non-response.

Special instrument requirements: Luminex $\circled{1}$ 100/200 Instrument.

# Device Description:

The xTAG CYP2D6 Kit v3 includes the following components:

xTAG® 2D6 v3 PCR Primer Mix A xTAG® 2D6 v3 PCR Primer Mix B xTAG® 2D6 v3 ASPE Primer Mix   
. xTAG® 2D6 v3 Bead Mix xTAG® 10x Buffer   
2 xTAG® Shrimp Alkaline Phosphatase xTAG® Exonuclease I xTAG® Streptavidin, R-Phycoerythrin Conjugate   
. Platinum® Tnl Exo(-) DNA Polymerase   
. Platinum® T Reaction Buffer, 5x Tfi 50mM $\mathsf { M } \mathsf { g } \mathsf { C l } _ { 2 }$ E   
→ $\mathrm { x T A G } ^ { \otimes }$ Hot Start Taq (Long Acting) xTAG® 10x Taq Buffer (Long Acting) xTAG® Data Analysis Software (TDAS) CYP2D6

# Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): AmpliChip CYP450 Test.

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K042259

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

CDRH Dra Guidance on Multiplex Tests or Heritable DNA Markers, Mutations and Expression Patterns (Feb 2003   
CDRH Dra Guidnce on Statistical Guidance on Reporting Results rom Studies Evaluating DiagnosticTess Mar   
2003)   
CDRH Guidance on Pharmacogenetic Tests and Genetic Tests for Heritable Markers (June, 2007)   
CDRH Guidance or the Content of Pre-Market Submission or Software Contained in Medical Devices (May 1998)   
CDRH Guidance on General Principles of Software Validation (Jan 2002)   
CDRHl Guidance on Format for Traditional and Abbreviated 510ks (Aug 2005)   
MM01-A2: Molecular Diagnostic Methods for Genetic Diseases   
MM13-PE: Collection, Transport, Preparation, and Storage of Specimens for Molecular Methods   
EP05-A2: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Clinical Chemistry Devices   
EP07-A2E: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry   
EP12-A: User Protocol for Evaluation of Qualitative Test Performance   
EP17-A: Protocols for Determining Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation

# Test Principle:

The  assay incororatmultipx lymera haiReaction R nd multipex AlSpece Extension (ASPE) with Luminex's proprietary Universal Tag sorting system on the Luminex $^ { \textregistered } 1 0 0 / 2 0 0$ Instrument. Raw data (mean fluorescence intensity, MFi, signals) are analyzed by the $\dot { \mathbf { x } } \mathbf { \hat { T } A G } ^ { \otimes }$ Data Analysis Software (TDAS) and result outputs are provided as qualitative calls.

F b   a CR ns  pR p  h $( 3 . 8 ~ \mathrm { k b } )$ used to detect the mutations in Table I, as well as a duplication amplimer $( 3 . 2 \ \mathsf { k b } )$ which indicates the presence of the duplication genotype. PCR-B produces a beta fragment $( 2 . 6 ~ \mathsf { k b } )$ used to detect the mutations in Table 1, as well as a deletion amplimer $( 3 . 5 ~ \mathsf { k b } )$ indicative of the deletion genotype. Following PCR amplification, the two reactions (PCR-A and PCR-B) are pooled.

T primers left over from the PCR reaction.

ASP s e cut svlly-g  pp nE pe lqut  SP Streptavidin, R-Phycoerythrin conjugate (reporter solution).

Samples are read on the Luminex $\mathfrak { B }$ 100/200 Instrument and signals are generated for each of the loci as well as for the duplication.

Table 1: Mutations and Polymorphisms Detected by the $x \operatorname { T A C } \circled { 1 3 }$ CYP2D6 Kit v3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Star Genotype (*)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mutations and Polymorphisms* detected by xTAG CYP2D6 Kit v3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1584C&gt;G, 1661G&gt;C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2850C&gt;T, 4180G&gt;C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2549A&gt;del</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100C&gt;T, 1661G&gt;C, 1846G&gt;A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2850C&gt;T, 4180G&gt;C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deletion</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1707T&gt;del</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4180G&gt;C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2935A&gt;C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1661G&gt;C, 1758G&gt;T</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2850C&gt;T, 4180G&gt;C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2613delAGA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100C&gt;T</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1661G&gt;C, 4180G&gt;C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>883G&gt;C, 1661G&gt;C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2850C&gt;T, 4180G&gt;C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138insT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1023C&gt;T. 1661G&gt;C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2850C&gt;T, 4180G&gt;C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1659G&gt;A, 1661G&gt;C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2850C&gt;T, 3183G&gt;A, 4180G&gt;C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1584C&gt;G, 31G&gt;A, 1661G&gt;C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2850C&gt;T, 4180G&gt;C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1661G&gt;C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2850C&gt;T, 2988G&gt;A, 4180G&gt;C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DUP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Duplication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cnmaGlow</td></tr></table>

Nucleotide changes that define the star genotype $( ^ { * } )$ are shown in bold font.

Performance Characteristics (if/when applicable):

Clinical Performance Characteristics: a) Method Comparison Studies / Accuracy:

cne miz bkxt Alahol-loo. F rare mutations was quantitatively added to genomic DNA to mimic a heterozygous sample when tested.Method comparison studies were performed using bi-directional DNA sequencing as the comparator for the xTAC $\Cap$ CYP2D6 Kit alz anaysr enoye nan was peer 9 cilp analyze byhe TAGCYP2D i v.

The overall accuracy of the xTAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CYP2D6 Kit v3 is 98.47 percent across all mutant and wild-type alleles when compared to bidirectional dideoxy sequencing after the first test. There was one $\mathfrak { s } _ { \mathsf { N o } }$ Call' and one incorrect call after the first re-test. For the sample that resulted in the incorrect call, the xTAG $\bigotimes$ CYP2D6 Kit v3 reported a HET at the $3 1 { \mathsf { G } } { \mathsf { > A } }$ EPY loci (both a G and A present at the loci), resulting in an overall genotype call of $^ { * } 1 0 / { ^ { * } 3 5 }$ instead of the expected $^ { * } 2 / { } ^ { * } 1 0$ t TAG   i compared to the total number of samples tested of that genotype.

# Accuracy for Rare Alleles

Plasmid clones for the $^ { * } 8$ allele were created by blending plasmids harboring mutations for rare alleles with genomic DNA. t len  An a  sFur  ben w o samples) and assayed by xTAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CYP2D6 Kit v3. Genotype results using plasmid clone-genomic DNA blends are shown in Table 2. The CYP2D6 genotype call rate was 100 percent for plasmid clone genomic DNA blends.

Table 2 - Accuracy for Rare Alleles   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PlasmidGenotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genomic DNAGenotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotype ofBlendedSample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blendedsamples (n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofCorrect Calls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofMiscalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof Nocalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GenotypeCall Rate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*35/*35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*35/*8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*17/*17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*17/*8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*4/*4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*4/*8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# )Reproducibility:

R extracted at each site with a different extraction method.

samples representing 8 unique genotypes with one wild-type $( ^ { \ast } | / \ast | )$ and one homozygous mutant genotype.

Sample type $\beta$ rucblihe alytil post-extacistehe sss, ass n puri nDNAs from cell-lines representing 5 unique mutant genotypes.

The genotypes of the reproducibility sample panel are provided in Table 3.

Table 3 - Reproducibility Sample Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CYP2D6 Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>extractedDNA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>extractedDNA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*4/*35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>extractedDNA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*4, DUP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>extracted DNA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*35/*41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>extracted DNA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*10/*17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1(WT)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*2 (MUT)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>whole blood</td></tr></table>

DUP, duplication; WT, wild-type; MUT, homozygous mutant.

T  oLO iencal copis  sample ype A and sample ype  reproucibily sample ts describeabovThe we $2 6 ~ \mathsf { N o }$ Calls . The overall reproducibility of the xTAG $\circledast$ CYP2D6 Kit v3 was 100 percent after allowable re-runs.

c)Detection Limit and range of assay:

The limit of detection and the input range of the xTAG $\textstyle \langle { \mathfrak { A } }$ CYP2D6 Kit v3 were assessed by analyzing serial dilutions of 4 i  smple ndo bl sampentaiig tatns rpolyorhi nalyz e asay. Serialdiluions of each sample wee tested at 9 concentratins (300, 150, 50, 10, 5,2.5, 1.25,0.5, and $0 . 1 ~ \mathrm { n g / \mu L } )$ in duplicate. Total input DNA was 1800, 900, 300, 60, 30, 15, 7.5, 3 and $0 . 6 ~ \mathfrak { n } \mathfrak { g }$ . The 4 genomic DNA samples were tested at 8 concentrations (100, 82.5, 50, 10, 5, 2, 1 and $0 . 1 ~ \mathrm { { n g / \mu L } } )$ in duplicate. The whole blood sample was tested at 7 concentrations following extraction (82.5, 50, 10, 5, 2, 1 and $0 . 1 \ \mathfrak { n g / \mu L } ,$ . Forty (40) replicates of each of the 5 samples (4 icA and  whole bloo were un at te aboveconcntratns within he assay ran.The rnge  the ${ \mathrm { x T A G } } \mathbb { \otimes }$ EMPY CYP2D6 Kit v3 was established as $2 ~ \mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ (Limit of Detection) to $3 0 0 ~ \mathsf { n g / \mu L }$ . The recommended concentration of DNA to be run with the assay is $1 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / \mu L } }$ .

d) Analytical Specificity / Interfering Substances.

he performance of the xTAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CYP2D6 Kit v3.

One of the whole blood samples was wild type for $\mathbf { x } \mathrm { T A G } \ @$ CYP2D6 Kit v3 mutations and 5 represented mutations in the xTAG® CYP2D6 Kit v3 panel $( ^ { * } 1 / { ^ * } 5 , { ^ * } 2 / { ^ * } 1 7 , { ^ * } 1 / { ^ * } 1 0 , { ^ * } \{ 0 / { ^ * } 1 7 $ heterozygotes and one $\ast _ { 2 } / \ast _ { 2 }$ homozygote). Samples were levels of interfering substances spiked into the specimens were as follows: Hemoglobin $\cdot 5 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , Albumin - 6000 $\mathfrak { m } \mathfrak { g } / \mathrm { d } \mathfrak { L }$ , Bilirubin $- 2 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and Triglycerides $- 3 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

Hemoglobin $( 5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ , bilirubin $( 2 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ , albumin $( 3 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ and triglycerides $( 2 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ did not interfere with the performance of the xTAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CYP2D6 Kit v3.

) Matrix Comparison (EDTA vs Citrate).

v idetbloo m froo onors wecollecn boh ciatn E ollection tubes. These samples were extracted and then assayed with the xTAG® CYP2D6 Kit v3 in one run.

No e collected in either EDTA anticoagulant or citrate anticoagulant. There were no reported No Calls.

$j )$ Stability: The expiration date for xTAC $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ CYP2D6 Ki v wil b based on real-time tability ttig.

Assuy Cut-off N/A

Luminex Molecular Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Gloria Lee, Ph.D.   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
439 University Ave.   
Toronto, Ontario M5G 1Y8   
Canada

Re: k093420 Trade Name: xTAG CYP2D6 Kit v3 Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 3 3 6 0$ Regulation Name: Drug metabolizing enzyme genotyping system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: NTI Dated: August 20, 2010 Received: August 23, 2010

Dear Dr. Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760.: For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours, c

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k093420

Device Name: xTAG CYP2D6 Kit v3

Indication For Use:

The $\mathsf { x T A G } ^ { \otimes }$ CYP2D6 Kit v3 is a device used to simultaneously detect and identify a panel of nucleotide variants found within the highly polymorphic CYP2D6 gene located on chromosome 22 from genomic DNA extracted from EDTA and citrate anticoagulated whole blood samples. This kit can also identify gene rearrangements associated with the deletion $( ^ { \star } 5 )$ and duplication genotypes. The ${ \mathsf { x T A G } } ^ { \otimes }$ CYP2D6 Kit v3 is a qualitative genotyping assay which can be used as an aid to clinicians in determining therapeutic strategy for therapeutics that are metabolized by the CYP2D6 gene product. This kit is not indicated for standalone diagnostic purposes. This test is not intended to be used to predict drug response or non-response.