# 510K SUMMARY APR - 8 2011

This summary of $5 1 0 ( k )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

The assigned 510(k) number is: K101742

# Company/Contact person

Lisa Charter   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Thermo Fisher Scientific, Clinical Diagnostic Division   
46360 Fremont Blvd   
Fremont, CA 94538   
Phone: (510) 979-5142   
Facsimile: (510) 979-5422   
Email: Lisa.Charter@ThermoFisher.com

# Date Prepared

January 6, 2011

# Regulatory Declarations

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common / Usual Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEDIA® Cocaine OFT Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade/ Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thermo Scientific CEDIA® Cocaine OFT Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Regulation Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology                             1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIO</td></tr></table>

# Intended use

The CEDIA® Cocaine OFT Assay is intended for use in the qualitative determination of cocaine in human oral fluid at a cutoff concentration of $1 5 \times 9 / \mathrm { m L }$ in neat oral fluid. The specimen must be collected exclusively with the Oral-Eze ™m Saliva Collection System. The assay is calibrated against benzoylecgonine and performed on the MGC240. This in vitro diagnostic device is intended for clinical laboratory use only.

The CEDIA Cocaine OFT Assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) and Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

# Conditions for use

The CEDIA® Cocaine OFT Assay is for prescription professional use only in clinical chemistry laboratories. It is not for use in Point of Care settings.

# Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The CEDIA® Cocaine OFT Assay is substantially equivalent to the OTI Cocaine Metabolite Intercept® MICRO-PLATE EIA. (K001197)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device.CEDIA® Cocaine OFT Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceOTI Cocaine Metabolite interceptMICRO-PLATE EIAK001197</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CEDIA® Cocaine OFT Assay isintended for use in the qualitativedetermination of cocaine in humanoral fluid at a cutoff concentration of15 ng/mL in neat oral fluid. Thespecimen must be collectedexclusively with the Oral-EzeSaliva Collection System. Theassay is calibrated againstbenzoylecgonine and performed onthe MGC240. This in vitro diagnosticdevice is intended for clinicallaboratory use only.The CEDIA Cocaine OFT Assayprovides only a preliminaryanalytical test result. A morespecific alternative method must beused to obtain a confirmedanalytical result. GasChromatography/MassSpectrometry (GC/MS) and LiquidChromatography-Tandem MassSpectrometry (LC-MS/MS) are thepreferred confirmatory methods.Clinical consideration andprofessional judgment should beapplied to any drug of abuse testresult particularly when preliminarypositive results are used.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The · OTICocaine  MetaboliteinterceptMICRO-PLATE EIA isintended  for  use  by  clinicallaboratories  in the  qualitativedetermination  of  cocaine andcocaine metabolites in oral fluidcollected. with the Intercept® Drugsof Abuse (DOA) Oral SpecimenCollection Device.For In VitroDiagnostic Use.The  OTI   Cocaine  MetaboliteIntercept  MICRO-PLATE EIAprovides   only   a   preliminaryanalytical test result.    Amorespecific alternative chemical methodshould be used in order to obtain aconfirmed analytical result. Gaschromatography/massspectrometry/mass    spectrometry(GC/MS/MS)        thepreferredconfirmatory method.  This is aconfirmation method that is currentlypending  SAMHSA acceptance.Clinical      consideration      andprofessional judgment should beapplied to any drugs of abuse testresult,    particularly   when    apreliminary,  positive  result   isobserved.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principle Ofthe Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CEDIA® Cocaine OFT Assayuses recombinant DNA technology(US Patent No. 4708929) toproduce a unique homogeneousenzyme immunoassay system. Theassay is based on the bacterialenzyme β-galactosidase, which hasbeen genetically engineered intotwo inactive fragments i.e., enzymeacceptor (EA) and enzyme donor(ED).         These        fragmentsspontaneously reassociate to formfully active enzyme that, in the</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The  OTI  Cocaine MetaboliteIntercept® MICRO-PLATE EIA is acompetitive immunoassay for thedetection of cocaine and cocainemetabolites in oral fluid collectedwith the Intercept® Oral SpecimenCollection Device.  Specimen orstandard is added to an ElA well incombination with an enzyme -labeled hapten derivative. In an EIAwell containing an oral fluidspecimen positive for cocaine orcocaine metabolites, there is acompetition between cocaine and/or</td></tr></table>

# SUMMARY OF CLINICAL TESTING

Qualitative Precision

All samples tested recovered accurately. Samples at levels below the cutoff read as negative and samples at levels above the cutoff read as positive.

# Qualitative Cutoff Characterization

All samples tested recovered accurately, low control as negative and high control level as positive.

# Interferences

Results demonstrated that there was no significant interference from endogenous and exogenous substances in oral fluid at the tested concentrations and in samples adjusted to pH range of 5 to 9.

# Specificity and Cross-Reactivity

Cross-reactivity to metabolites and structurally related compounds was tested in the assay. No significant cross-reactivity was observed with other structurally unrelated compounds.

# Method Comparison

The overall concordance between the CEDIA® Cocaine OFT Assay and GC/MS is $9 7 . 6 \%$ The comparison of sample results by the CEDIA® Cocaine OFT Assay to GC/MS showed $9 7 . 6 \%$ EP sensitivity and $9 7 . 6 \%$ specificity.

# Conclusion

As summarized, the CEDIA® Cocaine OFT Assay is substantially equivalent to the OTI Cocaine Metabolite Intercept® MICRO-PLATE EIA. Substantial equivalence has been demonstrated through performance testing to verify that the device functions as intended and that design specifications have been satisfied.

Microgenics Corp. c/o Ms. Lisa Charter Manager, Regulatory Affairs 46360 Fremont Blvd Fremont, CA 94538

# APR 0 8 2011

Re: k101742   
Trade Name: Thermo Scientific CEDIA Cocaine OFT Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3250   
Regulation Name: Cocaine and cocaine metabolite test system. Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Codes: DIO   
Dated: April 6, 201 1   
Received: April 7, 2011

Dear Ms. Charter:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such aditional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

GC.

Coubthey Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): K101742

Device Name: CEDIA® Cocaine OFT Assay

Indications for Use:

The $C E D \mathsf { I A } ^ { \otimes }$ Cocaine OFT Assay is intended for use in the qualitative determination of cocaine in human oral fluid at a cutoff concentration of 15 ng/mL in neat oral fluid. The specimen must be collected exclusively with the Oral-Eze ™m Saliva Collection System. The assay is calibrated against benzoylecgonine and performed on the MGC240. This in vitro diagnostic device is intended for clinical laboratory use only.

The CEDIA Cocaine OFT Assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) and Liquid ChromatographyTandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

CaofC.Benam

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(k) K101742