# 510(k) Summary

AS REQUIRED BY 21 CFR 807.92(c)

The Assigned 510(k) number is 102203

Date of Summary: August $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ ,2010

Common Name: Drugs of Abuse Screening Tests

Classification Name: Immunoassay for the detection of drugs of abuse

# Trade/Proprietary Name:

Chemtron Biotech, Inc.s Chemtrue® Single / Multi-panel Drug Screen Dip Card / Cassette Tests, contain 1 to 6 of the following DOA test(s) in each device:

1Amphetamine test strip   
2. Cocaine test strip   
3. Marijuana (THC) test strip   
4. Methamphetamine test strip   
5. Opiates (Morphine) cut-off: 300ng/ml test strip   
Phencyclidine test strip

# Owner:

Ellen Liu   
President, Chemtron Biotech, Inc. 8370 Juniper Creek Lane, #1-2   
San Diego, CA 92126   
TEL: (858) 530-2868   
FAX: (858) 530-2878

# Contact Person:

Jane Zhang, Director of QA/RA Official FDA Correspondent

8370 Juniper Creek Lane, #1-2   
San Diego, CA 92126   
Office: (858) 530-2868   
Mobile: (858) 997-7472

# Substantial Equivalency:

The Chemtrue® Single/Multi Drug Screen Test is substantially equivalent toother tests currently n he market.

<table><tr><td>Test Analyte</td><td>Predicate Device Name</td><td>Predicate Device 510(k) #</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>ACON (INNOVACON) One Step Drug Screen Test Card</td><td>K020771</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>ACON (INNOVACON) One Step Drug Screen Test Card</td><td>K020771</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>ACON (INNOVACON) One Step Drug Screen Test Card</td><td>K020771</td></tr><tr><td>THC</td><td>ACON (INNOVACON) One Step Drug Screen Test Card</td><td>K020771</td></tr><tr><td>Opiates (Morphine)300</td><td>ACON (INNOVACON) One Step Drug Screen Test Card</td><td>K020771</td></tr><tr><td>PCP</td><td>ACON (INNOVACON) One Step Drug Screen Test Card</td><td>K020771</td></tr></table>

The predicate kit package insert is enclosed in ATTACHMENT A of this submission.

# Proposed Labeling or Promotional Material for the Device:

Description of the device can be found in the attached proposed labeling, including an explanation of how the device functions, technical principle and concepts that form the basis for the device, as well as the physical and performance characteristics of the device, such as device design, materials used and physical properties. In accordance with FDA labeling requirements 21 CFR 809.10, enclosed are the draft copies of product labeling including copies of the technical product inserts. See ATTACHMENT B, C and D.

# Intended Use

TheChemtrue® test device is ntended or qualitative detection f drgs oabuse,or professionale in vitro diagnostic use and for prescription use ONLY.

This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

# Technological Characteristics and Science Principles

The Drugs of Abuse (DOA) Screen Panels are one-step lateral flow immunoassays in which chemically labeled drugs drug-proten conjugates) compete ormite antiody binding ites with drugs that may be present in urine. The test device consists of up to six test strips placed into separate panels o a plastiholderOn each test sri, a drug-protein conjugate s tripe n the test band  the merane - known as the test region () and the drug antibody-colloidal gold conjugate pads are placed at one e o thememra oposte n morphie. In theabsence of drugs in the urine, the solutin  the colored antibody-colloidal gold conjugates move along with the sample solution upward chromatographically by capillary action across the membrane to the immobilized drug-protein conjugate zones on the test band region. The colored antibody-gold conjugates then complexes with the drug-protein conjugates to form visible lines. Therefore, the formation of the visible precipitantin t t ban when et tv e y  ent ne drug/metabolite antigen competes with drug-protein conjugates on the test band region for the limited antibody on the colored drug antibody-colloidal gold conjugate pad. When a sufficient amount o  preent  heri te rg wilaturate theitntd idg s and the antibody -colloidal gold conjugate cannot bind to the drug-protein conjugate at the test region of the test strip. Therefore, absence of the color band on the test region indicates a preliminary positive result.

A control band with a different antigen/antibody reaction is added to the immunochromatographic membrane srip at the control region) to indicate that the test has perormd propery. This contol line is manufactured as a built-in internal control of the test device and should always appear reardles of the presence of drug or metabolite.  the control line does not appear the test cassette should be discarded. The presence of this colored band in the control region also serves 1) as verification that adequate specimen volume is added (flooding, if too much urine is added, or no flow, du  insufficnt urie volue, the tst devi  propry fncig, and as reagent cnol.

# Summary of Device Similarities and Differences

Chemtron Biotech, Inc.'s Chemtrue® Single/Multi-panel Drug Screen Cassette and Dip Card tests are similar to other FDA-cleared devices for the qualitative detection of drugs of abuse tests: Amphetamine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Opiates, Methamphetamine and Phencyclidine test from other manufacturers such as ACON (Current INNOvACON), Branan Medical, etc. All of these products are based on the same technological characteristics, science principle and similar procedures. The similarities and differences between these tests are summarized as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemtrue® Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use/Indications for use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection of drugs-of- abuse inurine for Professional, Prescription, In Vitro</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diagnostic Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Technological Characteristics andPrinciple</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One-Step lateral flow competitiveImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Device Design/Performance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 colored line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 colored lines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detectionreagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colloidal gold</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AccuracyAssessment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirm with GC/MS reference method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine 1000 ng/mlMethamphetamine 1000 ng/mlCocaine 300 ng/mlMarijuana (THC) 50 ng/mlPhencyclidine 25 ng/mlOpiates(Morphine) 300 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SameSameSameSameSameSame</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Safety and Precaution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All urine specimens should be consideredpotentially hazardous and handled in the samemanner as infectious agent.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Read time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-30 C (36-86°F)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemtrue® Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pre-treatment for urinespecimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Does not require pre-treatmentfor urine specimen. It is betterthan the Predicate kit.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine specimen needs to be centrifuged,filtered, or allowed to settle to obtainclear specimen for testing.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time Frame of ResultStabilization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Do not read after 8 minutes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results remain stable for up to 4 hoursafter test initiation.</td></tr></table>

# DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSION:

Based on the technological characteristics/principle, features of the device designs, test specimen matrix, test method and performance characterizations, as the set forth above, it can be concluded that Chemtrue® Single/ Multi-panel Drug Screen tests are substantially equivalent to the predicate kit ACON's (INNOVACON) One Step Single and Multi Drug Screen test card product presently distributed commercially.

One of the advantages of the Chemtrue® Drug Screen Tests is o urine specimen pre-reatment, which is better than the Predicate kit, because it is much simple and convenience for the intended user(s).

With regarding to the result read time frame difference, since the device labeling clearly indicates the required "Read Time", it does not impact the result interpretation by the intended user(s). The device safety and effectiveness won't be affected either. For detailed discussion, refer to the section "Substantial Equivalence Discussion" of this submission.

# Performance Data:

Chemtron Biotech, Inc. has reviewed the requirements of Section 514 of the Act, which states that to date no performance standards has been established for drug screen test systems by the FDA.

However, the studies listed in the notification are conducted according to "The Draft Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff" - " Premarket Submission and Labeling Recommendations for Drugs of Abuse Screening Tests, issued on: December 2, 2003", including the design of draft labeling and package inserts.

Cherue® Single /Multipanel Drug Screen Casste and Dip Card tests re one-step, lateral ow colloidal gold based chromatographic immunoassays for the rapid, qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Methamphetamine, Marijuana (THC), Phencyclidine, Cocaine and Opiates (Morphine) in human urine It is intended or Professional, Prescription Use NLY.

This assay provides a preliminary test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the p confiatoy resultClinical and profesinal judment must eapplied  any druguse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are obtained.

The product performance characteristics of Chemtrue® Single/Multi-panel Drug Screen cassette and Dip Card were evaluated with the confirmed $G C / M S$ values in the blind-labeled clinical specimen uu Te tanally alent  pn a /my Correlation studies, using clinical specimens, produced $a > 9 8 \%$ total correlation when compared to the GC/MS methodology. Also the accuracy study data of Chemtrue® devices demonstrates the substantial equivalency to the data in the package insert of the predicate kit - ACON (INNOVACON) One Step Single and Multi Drug Screen test card.

# Chere® Single Multi-Panel Drug Screening Test vs GC/S Value Analysis

Samples with drug concentration above the cut-of level were considered presumptive positive and concentration below the cut-off were considered negative.

Table 1. The data was summarized from method comparison (Accuracy) study against the GC/MS values of the clinical specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/57 = 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/57 = 98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113/114 = 99.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61/61= 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54/54= 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115/115= 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI(MOR)300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55/56= 98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62/63 = 98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117/119 = 98.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54/56 = 96.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50 = 100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104/106 = 98.1%%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52/52= 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62/62= 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114/114 = 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/56 = 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50= 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106/106= 100%</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

Compared to the GC/MS values of clinical urine specimens (Total of 673 specimens), the results of the Accuracy (Method comparison) study demonstrate the substantial equivalency between the Chemtrue® Single/ Multi-Panel Drug Screen tests and the GC/MS reference method. It is also equivalent to the predicate kit, when compared to the data provided in the package insert of the predicate kit [ACON (INNOVACON) One Step Drug Screen test card]. The results demonstrated that Chemtrue® Single/ Multi-panel Drug Screen cassette and Dip card is safe and effective in detecting Amphetamine, Cocaine, Methamphetamine, Marijuana, Opiates (Morphine) 300 and Phencyclidine in human urine.

Othernon-clinical performance data, such as analytical sensitivity (Cutoff characteristics), precision Reducibility specicity ross-eactivit nnterencn stablity sud resarz Section "Performance Characteristics", and the raw data is enclosed in ATTACHMENT E and ATTACHMENT G of this submission.

510(k) Summary was prepared By: Jane Zhang on August $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ 2010

# PREMARKET NOTIFICATION

# TRUTHFUL AND ACCURATE STATEMENT

(As required by 21 CFR 807.87())

I certify that in my capacity as QA/RA Director of Chemtron Biotech, Inc., I believe to the best oyowleehat allt nnoaton ubie e prearke oiat truthful and accurate and that no material fact has been omitted.

Jane Zhang

Director of QARA, Chemtron Biotech, Inc.

FDA Official Correspondent

510(k) Number

# Executive Summary

# Description of the Device

Ch® Singl /Mulpanel Dru Scree Casste an p Card tests are ne-e, ateral ow colloidal gold based chromatographic immunoassays for the rapid, qualitative detection of

Amphetamine, Methamphetamine, Marijuana (THC), Phencyclidine, Cocaine and Opiates (Morphine) 300 in human urine. It is intended for Professional /Prescription Use ONLY.

Th assy provie a prelmiary t resul.  moresecltenate emical method must beus to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory result. Clinical and professional judgment must be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are obtained.

# Concise Summary of Performance Testing:

Analytical Sensitivity Study Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Control Level</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>No. ofTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>No. of Negative</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>No. ofPreliminary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AMPn=30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>cocn=30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>THCn=30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI300</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>METn=30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PCPn=30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No. ofNeg.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n=30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% of the cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% of the cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% of the cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% of the cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: The results support the claimed cut-off levels for each drug analyst. It also demonstrates that the performance of both Dip card and cassette product formats is consistent and equivalent.

# Analytical Precision Study Data:

The precision study was conducted by three Operators with three batches per product format in replicates of 10 devices/lot at each control level of Negative, $- 5 0 \%$ $- 2 5 \%$ ,cut-off, $+ 2 5 \%$ and $+ 5 0 \%$ cutoff. The study was conducted in non-consecutive ten days using GC/MS confirmed commercial urine controls. The controls are blind coded according to a random table and evenly distributed to three operators. Every device was tested and interpreted by the same operator. The total of ten days run data is grouped into three sets: 3-day, 3-day and 4-day. A concise summary is in Table below:

AMP Test: Cutoff: 1000 ng/ml (Three lots were tested by three Operators)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr></table>

Cocaine Test: Cutoff: 300 ng/ml (Three lots were tested by three Operators)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

MAMP Test: Cutoff: 1000 ng/ml(Three lots were tested by three Operators)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

OPI (MOR) Test: Cutoff: 300 ng/ml (Three lots were tested by three Operators)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

PCP Test: Cutoff: $2 5 n \mathbf { g } / \mathsf { m } |$ re lots were tsted by three Operators)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr></table>

THC Test: Cutoff: 50 ng/ml (Three lots were tested by three Operators)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

The study raw data are enclosed in the ATTACHMENT E for reference.

Conclusion: The results of the reproducibility study demonstrate that the Chemtrue® Drug Screen tests are able to produce consistent results from lot-to-lot, Operator-to-Operator and dayto-ay runs, during the repeated assays and measureents. It also demonstrates an equivalent assay performance between Dip Card and Cassette formats

Analytical Accuracy Study: The accuracy of the Chemtrue Drug Screen Test device was evaluated with the confirmed GC/MS values in the blind-labeled clinical specimen correlation study (a total of 673 clinical specimens). The results of these studies demonstrate Chemtrue® Single/ Multi-panel Drug Screen Test to be substantially equivalent to the performance characteristics of GC/MS methodology. Correlation studies, using clinical specimens, produced a > 98% total correlation when compared to the GC/MS methodology. Also the accuracy study data of Chemtrue® devices demonstrates the substantial equivalency to the data in the package insert of the predicate kit - ACON (INNOVACON) One Step Single and Multi Drug Screen test card. For details, refer to the "Method comparison (Accuracy) study, section Performance Characteristics" of this submission.

nalyical Speciicy Sudhe at  izn Secteroharace Specificity" and the raw data is enclosed in ATTACHMENT E of this submission.

Sr  a: CrCa w stability study, and accelerated stability at $6 0 ^ { \circ } C$ and $4 0 ^ { \circ } C$ data supported two years shelf-life of the products. Accelerated $4 0 ^ { \circ } C$ and real-time stability studies are stil on-going.The copy of the raw data is enclosed in ATTACHMENT G.

# Substantial Equivalency:

Chemtron Biotech, Inc.'s Chemtrue® Single/Multi-panel Drug Screen Cassette and Dip Card tests are similar to other FDA-cleared devices for the qualitative detection of drugs of abuse tests: Amphetamine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Opiates, Methamphetamine and Phencyclidine test from other manufacturers such as ACON (Current INNOvACON), Branan Medical, etc. All of.these products are based on the same principle, same technological characteristics and similar procedures.

Device Comparison:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemtrue® Drug Screen Tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SubstantiallyEquivalent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine, Cocaine,Methamphetamine, Opiates (MOR),PCP and THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine, Cocaine,Methamphetamine, Opiates(MOR/MOP) and THC, as well assix other drug analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection of drugs-of-abuse in urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection of drugs-of-abuse in urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral flow immunochromato-graphic assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral flow immunochromato-graphic assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine 1000ng/mLCocaine 300ng/mlMethamphetamine 1000ng/mLOPI (MOR) 300 ng/mLPCP 25 ng/mLTHC 50ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine 1000ng/mLCocaine 300ng/mLMethamphetamine 1000ng/mLOPI (MOR) 300 ng/mLPCP 25 ng/mLTHC 50ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to read</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications of Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Accuracy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•      &gt;96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ChemtrueDevice</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pre-treatment forurine specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Does not require pre-treatmentfor urine specimen. It is betterthan the Predicate kit.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine specimen needs to be centrifuged, filtered,or allowed to settle to obtain clear specimen fortesting.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time Frame of ResultStabilization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Do not read after 8 minutes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results remain stable for up to 4 hours after testinitiation.</td></tr></table>

# DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSION:

Based on the technological characteristics/principle, features of the device designs, test specimen matrix, test method and performance characterizations, as the set forth above, it can be concluded that Chemtrue® Single/ Multi-panel Drug Screen tests are substantially equivalent to the predicate kit ACON's (INNOVACON) One Step Single and Multi Drug Screen test card product presently distributed commercially.

The difference of the read time claims between Chemtruedevice and the predicate kit does not pct he result interpretation by the intended user( since the device abeling cearly indicates the required "Read Time".The device safety and effectiveness won't be affected either. For details, rer  the ecionubstantal quivalencDiscussion this ubissn

# Proposed Labeling

ckaLabelnCop  e al a pacae abel  eChe B, Inc Chemtrue® Single/ Multi-panel Drug Screen Cassette and Dip Card tests are in Attachment B and C. It isurintentin that fal package abeling will beubstantially smilar o thedraft labelng attace.

Package Insert - A copy of the final draft package insert is enclosed in ATTACHMENT D. The final package insert will be substantially similar to that enclosed.

Promotional Material - Promotional material and advertising materials, when prepared, will be consistent with the product package insert and this 510(k) pre-market notification submission.

Summarized By: Jane Zhang

Date: August $3 ^ { r d }$ ,2010

Chemtron Biotech, Inc. c/o Jane Zhang Official FDA Correspondent 8370 Juniper Creek Lane Suite 1-2 San Diego, CA 92126

Re: k102203   
Trade/Device Name: Chemtrue® Single/Multi-Panel Drug Screen Cassette and Dip Card Tests   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3100   
Regulation Name: Amphetamine Test System   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: DKZ, DIO, DJC, DNK, LCM, LDJ   
Dated: January 10, 2011   
Received: January 10, 201 1

Dear Ms. Zhang,

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) aol euvac vic y marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2 -

Ifyou desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket   
notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Gc.

Coupthey Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k102203

Device Name: Chemtrue® Single/Multi-Panel Drug Screen Cassette and Dip Card Tests

Indications for Use:

The Chemtron Biotech, Inc.'s Chemtrue® Single/Multi-Panel Drug Screen Cassette and Dip Card Tests are rapid chromatographic immunoassays for the qualitative detection of up to six of the following drugs in a variety of combinations in human urine. The designed cutoff concentrations and direct calibrator for these drugs are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td>Concentration</td><td></td><td></td><td>1000 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine Cocaine</td><td>AMP COC</td><td>d-Amphetamine Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>THC</td><td>11-nor-Δ-THC9-COOH</td><td>50 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MET</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td>Opiates</td><td>OPI/MOR</td><td>Morphine</td><td>300 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>PCP</td><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>25 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

The Chemtrue® Single/Multi-Panel Drug Screen Cassette and Dip Card are intended for qualitative detection of drugs of abuse for health care professionals, in vitro diagnostic use and preptn  . It  noen  p-  v e

This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

Prescription Use _X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)