# 510(k) Summary (as required by section 807.92(c)

# Traditional $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ Premarket Notification Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug Screen Devices

# Date Prepared: Date Updated:

10/29/10   
02/01/12

# 510 (K) Owner

Raphael Wong Branan Medical Corp. 140 Technology Drive Irvine, CA 92618

Phone: (949)-598-7166   
Fax: (949)-598-7167   
Email: raphael@brananmedical.com

# Correspondent

Huiying Wang, Ph.D Director of Research & Development Branan Medical Corporation

Phone (949)-598-7166, ext. 135 Fax: (949)-727-2131 Email: hwang@brananmedical.com

# Device Name

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade orProprietaryName(s):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug ScreenDevice</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OratectCheck&quot; Oral FluidControls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Common orUsual Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunochromatographic test forthe qualitative detection of drugs inoral fluid (human saliva)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Specific ControlMaterials to monitor andvalidate the qualitativeperformance of the device.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamines Test Systems (AM)</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Positive ControlNegative Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol (TH)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine Test Systems (CO)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamines Test Systems(ME)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates Test Systems (OP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine Test Systems (PC)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductClassification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ClassificationName:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral Flow Immunoassay,Amphetamine, Cocaine,Methamphetamine, Cannabinoids,Opiates and Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Mixture ControlMaterials</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>See Details Below</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Descriptions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Title and CFRPart</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ReviewPanel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamines Test Systems(AM)</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Title 21 Part 862ClinicalChemistry andClinicalToxicology</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>ClinicalToxicologyTestSystems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKZ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol(TH)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine Test Systems (CO)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>863.3250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamines TestSystems (ME)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates Test Systems (OP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine Test Systems (PC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OratectCheckSaliva/OralFluid Controls (Positive andNegative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Title 21 Part 862ClinicalToxicologycontrol Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Toxicology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIF</td></tr></table>

# Substantial Equivalency

The Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug Screen Device Test is substantially equivalent to the following Intercept® Micro-plate ElAs manufactured by OraSure Technologies Inc. (formerly known as STC Technologies, Inc) for its general intended use.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateDevice 510(k) #</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine-Specific Intercept® Micro-plate EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K992918</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine Metabolites Intercept Micro-plate EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K001197</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine Intercept® Micro-plate EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K001197</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids Intercept® Micro-plate EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K002375</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates Intercept® Micro-plate EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K981341</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCP Intercept® Micro-plate EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K000399</td></tr></table>

# Product Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device(BMC Oratect® Oral Fluid DrugScreen Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices(OraSure Intercept Micro-plateElAs)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SubstantiallyEquivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oral Fluid (human saliva)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oral Fluid (human saliva)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Amphetamine, Cocaine,d-Methamphetamine, Cannabinoids,Opiates, and PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Amphetamine, Cocaine,d-Methamphetamine,Cannabinoids, Opiates, and PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preliminary Drug screening test for thequalitative detection of drug analytes inoral fluid (human saliva).For In Vitro Diagnostic Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preliminary Drug screening test forthe qualitative detection of druganalytes in oral fluid (humansaliva)For In Vitro Diagnostic Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle/Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specific non radioisotopeimmunoassay. The assay of smalldrugs of abuse molecules are based onthe competitive immunoassaymethodology, the presence of analytewill produce a negative signal.Competitive lateral flowimmunochromato-graphic assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specific non radioisotope.immunoassay. The assay of smalldrugs of abuse molecules are basedon the competitive immunoassaymethodology, the presence ofanalyte will produce a negativesignal.Competitive Enzyme-labeledimmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Cut-off.Values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preset cut-off values used todifferentiate a positive sample from anegative sample.Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug ScreenDevices use the cut-off valuesestablished by SAMHSA except forCannabinoids. The THC testsensitivity limitation is 40 ng/mL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preset cut-off values used todifferentiate a positive sample froma negative sample.OraSure Intercept® Micro-plateElA system sets up a cut-off valuelevel based on the LOD = AO-3 SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Conditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tests performed at room temperatureand visually interpreted.Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug ScreenDevices are a point of care (POC) testwhich can be performed in less thanfifteen (15) minutes test time.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tests performed at roomtemperature and utilizinginstrument interpretation.OraSure Intercept® Micro-plateEIA system test require laboratoryinstrumentation, multiple steps andup to ninety (90) minutes test time.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference TestMethod,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For a quantitative result or for aconfirmation of a presumptive positiveresult obtained by the Oratect® OralFluid Drug Screen Device, a morespecific alternative confirmatorymethod such as LC/MS/MS must beused.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A more specific alternativechemical method should be used inorder to obtain a confirmedanalytical result. Gaschromatography/mass spectrometry(GC/MS) is the preferredconfirmatory method.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device(BMC OatF eDevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices(OraSure Intercept® Micro-plate ElAs)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SubstantiallyEquivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accuracy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accuracy results against referencemethod &gt;90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accuracy results against referencemethod &gt;89%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug Screen Deviceswere evaluated at three (3) Point of Care(POC) sites and the overall precision wasabove 90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OraSure Intercept® Micro-plate EIAsystemTests are an instrument dependentmethod and the assay imprecision wasless than 10%.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross reactantsandInterferencecompounds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug Screen Devicesuse very specific antibodies for theirrespective test. Only a limited number of.structure related chemicals cross reactwith the tests. A list of cross reactantsand interference compounds are presentedin the product package insert. Thepackage insert also includes a list of foodingredients.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OraSure Intercept® Micro-plate EIAsystemDevices use very specific antibodiesfor their respective test. Only alimited number of structure relatedchemicals cross react with the tests. Alist of cross reactants and interferencecompounds are presented in theproduct package insert.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test ResultInterpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical consideration and professionaljudgment should be applied to any drugsof abuse test result, particularly when apreliminary, positive result is observed.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical consideration and professionaljudgment should be applied to anydrugs of abuse test result, particularlywhen a preliminary, positive result isobserved.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Point-of Care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laboratory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr></table>

Test Summary:

# Performance data

The performance of the BMC Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug Screen Devices was determined in analytical performance validation studies, precision site studies and in method comparison studies comparing the BMC Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug Screen Devices against LC/MS or GC/MS reference test method.

The performance characteristics of the BMC Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug Screen Devices were based on evaluations by the following analytical and clinical performance tests:

1.0 Test method comparison (pipette adding vs. oral swab)   
2.0 Optimal Read Time Window   
3.0 Specificity/Cross Reactivity   
4.0 Interferences and Effect of Food Interference   
5.0 Product Stability   
6.0 Precision Site Study   
7.0 Comparison Study

# Conclusion:

The above substantial equivalence comparison demonstrates that the BMC Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug Screen Devices are as safe and effective and perform as well as or better than the predicate devices.

Branan Medical Corporation   
Attn: Huiying Wang, Ph.D.   
Director of Research & Development 140 Technology Drive   
Suite 400   
Irvine, CA 92618

Re: k103227 Trade Name: Oratect Oral Fluid Drug Screen Devices and OratectCheck Oral Fluid Controls Regulation Number: 862.3100 Regulation Name: Amphetamine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: DKZ, DJC, DIO. DJG, LCM, LDJ, DIF Dated: April 09, 2012 Received: April 10, 2012

Dear Dr. Wang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450.Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/Medical   
Devices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance...

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm

Sincerely yours,

2

Coupney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known): K103227

Device Name(s): . Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug Screen Devices (see table below)

# 2.OratectCheck™ Oral Fluid Controls

The Oratect® Oral fluid Drug Screen Device is a one-step lateral flow immunoassay device for the qualitative detection of d-Methamphetamine (ME), Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol (TH), Cocaine (CO), dAmphetamine (AM), Morphine (OP) and Phencyclidine (PC) in human oral fluid. The Oratect® tests detect these drugs at the cutoff concentration listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug Screen Device d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OratectOral Fluid Drug Screen Device d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OratectOral Fluid Drug Screen Device Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OratectOral Fluid Drug Screen Device Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OratectOral Fluid Drug Screen Device Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OratectOral Fluid Drug Screen Device Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

These products are for in vitro diagnostic use and intended for prescription point of care use.

The Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug Screen Device provides only preliminary drug test results. A more specific alternative method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Samples for confirmatory testing should be collected with the Oratect® Oral Fluid Collection Tube $\mathbf { 5 0 m L }$ polypropylene tube) provided. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated. The tests are not intended to be used in monitoring drug levels.

OratectCheck™ Oral Fluid Controls (Negative and Positive controls of the analytes) are available but not supplied with the Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug Screen Devices. The OratectCheck™ Oral Fluid Controls are used as quality control materials with Oratect® Oral Fluid Drug Screen Devices.

AND/OR

C =