# 510K SUMMARY

# 510K Number: Submitted By:

k111927 Psychemedics Corporation 5832 Uplander Way Culver City, CA 90230 TEL: 310 216 7776 FAX: 310 216 6662

# Submission Contact:

Virginia Hill

# Date Prepared:

April 25, 2012

Device Trade Name:

Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Methamphetamine in Hair

Predicate Device:

Psychemedics Methamphetamine and MDMA Assay, k011185

# Product Code:

DKZ

Device Classification/Name:

21 CFR 862.3100, Enzyme Immunoassay, Methamphetamine and Methamphetamine Metabolites;   
Classification II;

# Intended Use:

The Psychemedics Microplate ElA for Methamphetamine is an enzyme immunoassay (ElA) for the preliminary qualitative detection of methamphetamine in human head and body hair samples using a methamphetamine calibrator at $5 ~ \mathrm { n g / 1 0 ~ m g }$ hair cutoff for the purpose of identifying methamphetamine use. This product is intended exclusively for in-house professional use only and is not for sale to anyone.

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Methamphetamine in Hair provides only a preliminary analytical test result. To confirm a presumptive screen positive result, a more specific alternate chemical method such as LC/MS/MS (liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry) must be used. Clinical consideration and professional judgment must be applied to the interpretation of any drug-of-abuse test result.

# Assay Description:

The test consists of two parts; a pre-analytical hair treatment procedure (to convert the solid matrix of hair to a measurable liquid matrix) and the screening assay, the Psychemedics Microplate ElA for Methamphetamine. The drug is recovered from the hair using a patented method (U.S. Patent #8,084,215).The screening portion of the test system consists of (1) microplate wells coated with multiple drugs including methamphetamine conjugated to bovine serum albumin (BSA) (patent pending), polyclonal sheep anti-methamphetamine, rabbit anti-goat secondary antibody conjugated to HRP (horseradish peroxidase), substrate $[ 3 , 3 ^ { \prime } , 5 , 5 ^ { \prime }$ tetramethylbenzidine (TMB)], HCI to acidify the final reaction, and wash buffer for washing the plates. Absorbance in the wells is read with a microplate reader.

# Sample Collection:

A sample of hair should be cut as close as possible to the skin. The hair is placed in a V-shaped aluminum foil sample holder with the root end of the hair protruding beyond the slanted edge of the foil. The aluminum foil is crimped around the sample, securing the hair specimen firmly into place within the foil. The hair sample crimped within the foil is placed in a sample acquisition card envelope and the envelope is sealed with a tamper-evident seal. Hair specimens are kept at ambient temperature in a secure location until they are shipped without refrigeration to the laboratory.

# Materials required:

Hair sample collection kit, Microplate EIA for Methamphetamine, Microplate washer and reader, LC/MS/MS for confirmation.

Comparison of Psychemedics Microplate ElA for Methamphetamine with Psychemedics RIA Assay for Methamphetamine/MDMA   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Psychemedics Microplate EIA forMethamphetamine is an  enzymeimmunoassay (EIA) for the preliminaryqualitative         detection         ofmethamphetamine in human head andbody   hair   samples   using   amethamphetamine calibrator at 5 ng /10mg hair cutoff for the purpose ofidentifying methamphetamine use. Thisproduct is intended exclusively for in-house professional use only and not forsale to anyone. The test is not intendedfor over the counter sale to non-professionals.The Psychemedics Microplate ElA forMethamphetamine in Hair providesonly a preliminary analytical test result.To confirm a presumptive screenpositive result, a more specific alternatechemical method such as LC/MS/MS(liquid            chromatography/massspectrometry/mass spectrometry mustbe used. Clinical consideration andprofessional judgment must be appliedto the interpretation of any drug-of-abuse test result.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510k</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K111927</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K011185</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurand</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human head or body hair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human head or body hair</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 ng methamphetamine/10 mg hair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 ng methamphetamine/10 mg hair</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Radioimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method of</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microplate reader</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Microplate reader</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nonproteolytic Digestion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteolytic Digestion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConfirmationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LC/MS/MS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LC/MS/MS</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Testing

Precision Studies   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Summary -Intra-Assay</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Summary-Inter-Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEVEL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEVEL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bo (-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bo (-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr></table>

# Agreement Testing

Five-hundred-thirty-six hair samples were assayed by the predicate device and by the Psychemedics Methamphetamine ElA. The discordance between EIA and RlA was $< 0 . 2 \%$ Sixteen percent of the total samples in the studies were body hair samples.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative by Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive by Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>428</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr></table>

Two-hundred thirteen of the samples were confirmed by LC/MS/MS, with the results shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS/MS:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ -50% ofCutoff &amp;&lt; Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ Cutoff,And&lt; +50%of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ +50% ofCutoff &amp;&lt; +100% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ +100% ofcutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Samples varyin the amounto contamination nthe surface; in ac, contamnaton is by is very ature, random in the way in which it may present on the hair sample. Therefore, it is not surprising that a sample might be positive in one screening assay and not in the next, even if the assays are the same technology. The samples were negative by LC/MS/MS, demonstrating that the EIA negative results, although discordant with the predicate, are correct.

Cosmetic Treatment Study

Twenty methamphetamine-negative hair samples were treated with bleach, 20 with permanent wave, 20 with dye, 20 with relaxer, and 20 with shampoo, and the results compared to the same samples without the treatments. In each case of the 20 samples treated with a type of cosmetic treatment, 10 samples were treated with one brand of a particular product and 10 other samples with a second brand. No significant differences were observed for the negative hair samples before and after the treatments; all samples remained negative after the treatments.

Twelve methamphetamine-positive hair samples were treated with bleach, 12 with permanent wave, 12 with dye, 12 with relaxer, and 12 with shampoo, and the results compared to the same samples without the treatments. In each case of the 12 samples treated with a type of cosmetic treatment, 6 samples were treated with one brand of a particular product and 6 other samples with a second brand. The means and ranges of the EIA results of the 12 samples before and after the cosmeic treatments are shown in the table below. No positive samples became negative after cosmetic treatment.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TreatmentStatus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bleach</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Dye</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relaxer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shampoo</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Mean (Range) of B/B x 100 Values of 12 Methamphetamine-Positive Samples in Methamphetamine EIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Before</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1(6.6-55.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>22.1 (6.6 - 45.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>22.1 (6.6 -55.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.3 (10.3 - 55.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.9 (6.6 -55.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>After</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0 (6.1 - 56.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>25.7 (7.4 - 50.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>36.3 (13.4-57.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.4 (10.2-67.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3 (7.6-52.9)</td></tr></table>

Contamination Study

Potential environmental contamination of samples that are identified is presumptive positive in the screening assay is addressed by an extensive washing procedure prior to confirmation and application of a wash criterion following confirmation, as described below.

Contamination of hair by soaking in 1000 ng methamphetamine $/ \mathrm { m L }$ of waler resulted in a range of methamphetamine on the hair of 38.6 to 98.7 ng of methamphetamine $/ 1 0 ~ \mathrm { { m g } }$ hair before washing. After washing by the procedure described below, the amount of methamphetamine remaining on the hair samples ranged from 1.1 to $3 . 0 ~ \mathrm { n g } / 1 0 ~ \mathrm { m g }$ hair, with no samples at or above the cutoff even before application of the wash criterion.

Contamination of hair by soaking in $1 0 0 0 { \mathfrak { n } } \mathbf { g }$ methamphetamine $/ \mathrm { m L }$ of saline resulted in a range of methamphetamine on the hair of 8.5 to 29.3 ng of methamphetamine $/ 1 0 ~ \mathrm { m g }$ hair before washing. After washing by the procedure described below, the amount of methamphetamine remaining on the hair samples ranged from 0.2 to $1 . 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / 1 0 ~ m g }$ hair, with all samples negative (i.e, below the cutoff) even without application of the wash criterion.

# The Wash Procedure

a. Wash by Psychemedics' standard wash procedure:

i. Add ${ 2 \ m L }$ of dry isopropanol and shake in waterbath for 15 minutes at $3 7 \%$ with shaking $\textcircled{ a} 1 0 0 - 1 2 0$ oscillations/minute. Remove isopropanol.   
ii. Add ${ 2 \mathrm { m L } }$ of Wash Buffer (0.01 M phosphate buffer, $\mathsf { p H } 6 . 0$ , with $0 . 1 \%$ BSA) and shake in waterbath for 30 minutes at $3 7 \%$ with shaking $@ 1 0 0 - 1 2 0$ oscillations/minute. Remove Buffer.   
. iii. Repeat Step ii. two more times   
iv.' Add $2 \mathrm { m L }$ of Wash Buffer and shake in waterbath for 6Ominutes at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ with shaking $@ 1 0 0 - 1 2 0$ oscillations/minute. Remove Buffer.   
v. Repeat Step iv. one more time   
viSave wash from Step v.

b. Analyze the last wash for methamphetamine.

a.Perform confirmation procedures for methamphetamine, MDMA, MDEA, amphetamine.   
b. Calculate wash criterion: i. Multiply the last wash value by 3.5. ii. Subtract the value of the drug in the last wash from the value of the drug in the digested hair. iii. If the result is less than the cutoff for the drug in the hair, the sample is interpreted as contaminated. If the result is $\geq$ the parent drug cutoff, the sample is interpreted as positive due to ingestion. The parent-drug cutoff value for methamphetamine, MDMA or MDEA is $5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / 1 0 ~ m g } }$ hair.

# Cross-reactivity and Interference Studies

Five compounds, shown in the table below, showed cross-reactivity in the Methamphetamine ElA assay. Sixty-seven other compounds showed no cross-reactivity in the assay. One-hundred-twenty-eight compounds tested for interference at $+ / - 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff showed no interference in the assay.

Cross-reactivity of related Compounds in Opiates EIA   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amount of Compound required to Producea positive test at the cutoff of 5 ngmethamphetamine/10 mg hair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross-reactivity*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PMMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3</td></tr></table>

Stability of Calibrator and Control Solutions

The methamphetamie calibrator and control solutions are prepared in-house by the laboratory rom cfid standards. Stability of methamphetamine in methanol in the presence of other drugs of abuse was shown to exceed 1 year.

Recovery Study

Recovery of methamphetamine from hair of methamphetamine users was shown to be substantially equivalen to that of the predicate device.

# Conclusion:

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Methamphetamine in Hair is substantially equivalent to the predicate device k011185, and the results are substantially equivalent to LC/MS/MS results.

Psychemedics Corporation   
c/o Virginia Hill   
Senior Scientist   
5832 Uplander Way   
Culver City, CA 90230   
Re: k111927   
Trade/Device Name: Psychemedics Microplate ElA for Methamphetamine in Hair   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3610   
Regulation Name: Methamphetamine Test System   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Code: LAF   
Dated: March 9, 2012   
Received: March 12, 2012

Dear Ms. Hill:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled; "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/Medical   
Devices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance...

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm

Sincerely yours,

2

Coupney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number : k111927

# Device Name: Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Methamphetamine in Hair

Indications For Use:

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Methamphetamine is an enzyme immunoassay (EIA) for the preliminary qualitative detection of methamphetamine in human head and body hair samples using a methamphetamine calibrator at 5 ng /10 mg hair cutoff for the purpose of identifying methamphetamine use: This product is intended exclusively for inhouse professional use only and is not for sale to anyone.

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Methamphetamine in Hair provides. only a preliminary analytical test result. To confirm a presumptive screen positive result, a more specific alternate chemical method such as LC/MS/MS (liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry) must be used. Clinical consideration and professional judgment must be applied to the interpretation of any drug-of-abuse test result.