# TABLE 4

# SUMMARY

1. Date the summary was prepared:

2Submitter's name: Address:

Phone:

Name of contact person:

March 16, 2012

Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech Co., Ltd. South China University of Technology Guangzhou, P.R. China 510641 012-86-20-32296069

Joe Shia   
LSI International Inc.   
504 East Diamond Ave.,   
Suite F Gaithersburg, MD 20878 Telephone: 240-505-7880   
Fax: 301-916-6231

3. Name of the device

Common or usual name:

Trade or proprietary name:

Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel

Classification: All are Class II medical devices with the following various product codes with Code of Federal Regulation references:

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Product Code CFR #</td></tr><tr><td>DIO</td><td>21 CFR 862.3250</td></tr><tr><td>LAF</td><td>21 CFR 862.3610</td></tr><tr><td>DJG</td><td>21 CFR 862.3650</td></tr><tr><td>DJR</td><td>21 CFR 862.3620</td></tr><tr><td>LFG</td><td>21 CFR 862.3910</td></tr><tr><td>LCM</td><td>21 CFR 862.3100</td></tr></table>

4. Description of the device:

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Cocaine, Methadone, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Morphine 2000, Phencyclidine, Notriptyline in human urine samples. A positive urine sample will not generate a colored-line for the specific drug tested in the designated region. A negative urine specimen or a urine sample containing Cocaine, Methadone, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Morphine 2000, Phencyclidine, Notriptyline at the concentration below the designated cutoff levels will generate a colored line in the designated test region for the drug. To serve as a test control, a color line will always appear at the control region.

5. Intended use of the device:

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Cocaine, Methadone, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Morphine 200o, Phencyclidine, Notriptyline in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug(Identifier)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine/COC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine(MET)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine (MOP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Methadone (MTD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine 2000 (OPl)</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine(PCP)</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Notriptyline (TCA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

# 6. Comparison to the predicate device

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel are a "modified" product format derived from the previously FDA-cleared Wondfo single DOA Tests. The FDA-cleared device and the 510K number are listed in the following Table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previously Cleared Wondfo DOA Tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510K Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine /COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K112071</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIO, LAF</td></tr></table>

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup is a multi-drug test that offers any combination from 2 to 8 drugs of abuse tests while the predicate devices are single-drug test. And the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel is the same as the test dip card format of the predicate devices except that the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel is a multi-drug test that offers any combination from 2 to 8 drugs of abuse tests while the predicate devices are single-drug test.

Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech Co., LTD. c/o Joe Shia, LSI International Inc.   
504 East Diamond Ave.   
Suite F   
Gaithersburg, MD 20877

Re: k121166 Trade Name: Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR ยง862.3250 Regulation Name: Cocaine Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: DIO, LAF, LFG, LCM, DJR and DJG Dated: March 26, 2012 Received: April 17, 2012

Dear Mr. Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related advcrse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). .

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/Medical   
Devices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance...

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm

Sincerely yours,

24

Coupney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

Device Name: Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test

Indications for Use:

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Cocaine, Methadone, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Morphine 2000, Phencyclidine, Notriptyline in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug(Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine /COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone_(MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine 2000 (OPl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine(PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Notriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confimatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

DIvision Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k) K121166