The Assigned 510(k) number is: _k121065

Date of Summary: May 15, 2013

Common Name: Drugs of Abuse Screening Device

Regulatory Information:

1. Regulation section: 21 CFR part 862 (PCP), 862.3870 (THC), 862.3250 (COC), 862.3640 (MOR),   
862.3100 (AMP), 862.3170 (BZO), 862.3610 (MDMA), Drugs of Abuse   
2. Classification: Class II   
3. Product Codes: LDJ (THC), DIO (COC), LCM (PCP), DNK (MOR), DKZ (AMP), JXM (BZO),   
DJC (MDMA), Drugs of Abuse   
4. Panel: Toxicology (91)

Applicant and Initial Importer: Polymed Therapeutics, Inc. 3040 Post Qak Blvd., Ste 1110 Huston, TX 77056 Tel.: (713) 777-7088 Fax: (713) 777-7091

ontact Persons: Primary Contact: J.J. Xia Correspondent for this Application Polymed Therapeutics, Inc. c/o LSI Consulting Inc 12828 Doe Lane Gaithersburg, MD 20878 Tel: (301) 250-0831 Fax: (301) 916-6213 jxia@lsi-consulting.org Alternate Only: Terri Wallace Polymed Therapeutics, Inc 3040 Post Oak Blvd., Ste 1110 Houston, TX 77056 Tel.: (713) 777-7088 Fax: (713) 777-7091 terri@polymedt.com

# Description:

One-step, colloidal gold based chromatographic immunoassay for the rapid, qualitative detection of Marijuana, Cocaine, Phencyclidine, Morphine, Amphetamine, Benzodiazepines, and MDMA (Ecstasy) in human urine.

# Intended Use:

The Polymed Therapeutics' FastepTM Dipstick Drugs of Abuse Screen Device and Polymed Therapeutics' Fastep™M Dipcard Drugs of Abuse Screen Device are rapid chromatographic immunoassays for the qualitative and simultaneous detection of one to seven of the following drugs in a variety of combinations in human urine. The cutoff concentrations and direct calibrator for these drugs are as follows:

# Analyte

Abbreviation   
AMP   
BZO   
COC   
THC   
MOR   
PCP   
MDMA   
Amphetamine   
Benzodiazepines   
Cocaine   
Marijuana   
Morphine   
Phencyclidine   
Ecstasy   
Direct Calibrator   
Amphetamine   
Oxazepam   
Benzoylecgonine   
11-nor- $\Delta 9$ -THC9-COOH   
Morphine   
Phencyclidine   
3,4-Methylenediioxy-MET

Cutoff (ng/ml)   
1000   
300   
300   
50   
2000   
25   
500

For prescription use in central laboratories only. This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

# Predicate Kit:

ACON One Step Drug Screen Tests are used as predicate device for Polymed Therapeutics' Fastep™M Dipstick Drugs of Abuse Screen Device and Polymed Therapeutics' Fastep™M Dipcard Drugs of Abuse Screen Device to compare their performance with the GC/MS and/or LC/MS confirmed clinical urine specimens.

510(k) numbers for predicate devices are:

Amphetamine k011673   
Benzodiazepine k012300   
Cocaine k010841   
MDMA k022589   
Morphine 2000 k011353   
PCP k011730   
THC k003557

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Polymed Therapeutics&#x27; FastepDipstick Drugs of Abuse Screen Deviceand Polymed Therapeutics&#x27; FastepDipcard Drugs of Abuse Screen Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acon PredicateDevices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection of amphetamine,benzodiazepines, cocaine, THC,morphine, PCP,and MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative lateral flow chromatographicimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Cutoffs(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine     1000Benzodiazepines 300Cocaine             300THC                 50Morphine 2000    2000PCP                   25MDMA              500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Read Time Window</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 - 10 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-30°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device      .-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Users</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription use in central laboratoriesonly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Point of care use</td></tr></table>

# Performance:

The product performance characteristics of Polymed Therapeutics' Fastep™ Dipstick Drugs of Abuse Screen Device and Polymed Therapeutics' FastepTM Dipcard Drugs of Abuse Screen Device were evaluated in the blind-labeled clinical specimen correlation study and in the blind-labeled spiked control studies including accuracy, precision, specificity, and interference studies. Results of these studies demonstrate substantial equivalence between Polymed Therapeutics' Fastep™M Dipstick Drugs of Abuse Screen Device and Polymed Therapeutics' Fastep™M Dipcard Drugs of Abuse Screen Device and performance characteristics of GC/MS and/or LC/MS methodology as well as ACON's One Step DOA Test Panels.

# Conclusion:

Results of Accuracy, Precision, Specificity, and Interference studies demonstrate substantial equivalence between Polymed Therapeutics' Fastep™M Dipstick Drugs of Abuse Screen Device and Polymed Therapeutics' Fastep™M Dipcard Drugs of Abuse Screen Device and the ACON One Step DOA Screen Test panels. Results also demonstrate that Polymed Therapeutics' FastepTM Dipstick Drugs of Abuse Screen Device and Polymed Therapeutics' Fastep™M Dipcard Drugs of Abuse Screen Device are safe and effective in detecting Amphetamine, Benzodiazepines, Cocaine, Marijuana, Morphine, Phencyclidine, and Ecstasy in human urine specimen, for prescription use in central laboratories.

Polymed Therapeutics, Inc.   
C/O J.J. Xia   
LSI Consulting Inc.   
12828 Doe Lane   
GAITHERSBURG MD 20878

Re: K121065 Trade/Device Name: Polymed Therapeutics Fastep Dipstick Drugs of Abuse Screen Device, Polymed Therapeutics Fastep Dipcard Drugs of Abuse Screen Device Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3100 Regulation Name: Amphetamine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DKZ, JXM, DIO, LDJ, DJC, LCM, DNK Dated: May 20, 2013 Received: May 23, 2013

Dear J.J. Xia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and.have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2- J.J. Xia

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to htp://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

For:

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director, Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k121065

Device Name: Polymed Therapeutics Fastep™ Dipstick Drugs of Abuse Screen Device and Polymed Therapeutics FastepTM Dipcard Drugs of Abuse Screen Device

Indications for Use:

Polymed Therapeutics Fastep Dipstick Drugs of Abuse Screen Device and Polymed Therapeutics Fastep Dipcard Drugs of Abuse Screen Device are rapid chromatographic immunoassays for the qualitative and simultaneous detection of one to seven of the following drugs in a variety of combinations in human urine. The cutoff concentrations and direct calibrator for these drugs are as follows:

Analyte Abbreviation Amphetamine AMP Benzodiazepines BZO Cocaine COC Marijuana THC Morphine MOR Phencyclidine PCP Ecstasy MDMA

Direct Calibrator Cutoff (ng/mL)   
Amphetamine 1000   
Oxazepam 300   
Benzoylecgonine 300   
1 1-nor-Δ9-THC9-COOH 50   
Morphine 2000   
Phencyclidine 25   
3,4-Methylenediioxy-MET 500

For prescription use in central laboratories only. This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory method.

Cl cosderatinn proessioal ju hould be ppl yruue test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

Prescription Use X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

And/Or

Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)