S1O(k)SUMMARY

1. Date the summary was prepared:

October 22, 2012

2. Submitter's name: Address:

Phone:

Name of contact person:

Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech Co., Ltd. South China Unlversity of Technology Guangzhou, P.R. Chlna 510641 012-86-20-32296069

Joe Shia   
LSI International Inc.   
504 East Diamond Ave.,   
Suite F Gaithersburg, MD 20877 Telephone: 240-505-7880   
Fax: 301-916-6213

3. Name of the device

Common or usual name:

Trade or proprietary name:

Multl-Drug Urine Test Cup Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel

Classification: Allare Class  medical devices with the following various product codes with Code of Federal Regulation references:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKZAmphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3100, AmphetamineTest System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJCannabinoids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3870, CannabinoidsTest System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIOCocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3250, Cocaine andCocaine Metabolites Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAFMethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJRMethadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3620, MethadoneTest System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAFMethylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJGMorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3650, MorphineTest System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFGNotriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3910, Tricyclicantidepressant drug test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXMOxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3170,Benzodiazepine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJGOxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3650, Opiate TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCMPhencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>unclassified</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme ImmunoassayPhencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DISSecobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3150, BarbiturateTest System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr></table>

4 Descriptlon of the device:

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urlne Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panei are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinolds, Methamphetamine, Methylenedloxymethamphetamine,Morphine, Methadone, Phencyclidine, Notriptyline and Oxycodone in human urine samples. Wondfo Multi-Drug devlces detect each of analytes on different strips.

A positive urine sample wil not generate a colored-line for the specific drug tested in the designatea region. A negative urine specimen or a urine sample containing Amphetamine, Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Phencyclidine, Notriptyline and Oxycodone at the concentrationbelow the designated cutoff levels will genrate a colord line in the designatd test region for the drug.To serve as a test control, a colri will always appear at the control reglon.

# 5. Intended use of the device:

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and slmultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Secobarbital," Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Phencyclidine, Notriptyline and Oxycodone in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Drug{Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Amphetamine(AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Morphine (MOP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Notriptyline (TCA)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OxycodoneOXY</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

The test will yield preliminary positive results when prescription druga Nortriptyline, Oxazepam, Oxycodone and Secobarbital are ingested, even at or above therapeutic doses. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the prelimlnary result is positive.

# 6, Comparison to the predicate device

Wono Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wono Multi-Drug UrineTest Panel are a "modifid product format derived from the previously FDA-cleared Wondfo single DOA Tests. A summary comparlson of features of the Won Mult-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondo MultiDrug Urine Test Panel and he predicate evices is provided In the following Table

<table><tr><td>Item </td><td>t</td><td>**) New Devices &gt; iwe $r{ hs &gt;</td><td>2 N g7 .. . ln-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Indication(s) for use</td><td>Predicate devices(K112071) For the qualitative determination of Amphetamine n (BZO), (AMP), Secobarbital (BAR), Oxazepam Cocaine (COC), Cannabinoids (THC),</td><td>0 5 For the qualitative determination of Cocaine (COC), or Methamphetamine (MET), in human urine. (MET),</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine   (MOP),    Methadone   (MTD),Phencyclidine (PCP), Notriptyline (TCA), and/orOxycodone(OXY) in human urine.The configurations of the New Devices areavailable in any combination of the above tests.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">only available in single drug test.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive      binding.      lateral      flowimmunochromatographic assays based on theprinciple of antigen antibody immunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type Of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoassay principles that rely on antigen-antibody interactions to indicate positive ornegative result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut Off Values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine (AMP): 1,000 ng/mlSecobarbital(BAR): 300 ng/mlOxazepam (BZO):300 ng/mlCocaine(COC): 300 ng/mlCannabinoids (THC):50 ng/mlMethamphetamine (MET): 1,000 ng/mlMethylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA): 500ng/mlMorphine (MOP): 300 ng/mlMethadone (MTD): 300 ng/mlPhencyclidine (PCP): 25 ng/mlNotriptyline (TCA): 1,000 ng/mlOxycodone(OXY) : 100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup, dip card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OTC Use &amp; Prescription Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Wondfo Multl-Drug Urine Test Cup is a multi-drug test that offers any combinatlon from 2 to 12 drugs of abuse tests while the predicate devices are single-drug test. And the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel Is the same as the test dip card format of the predicate devices except that the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel is a multidrug test that offers any combination from 2 to 12 drugs of abuse tests while the predicate devices are single-drug test.

November 15, 2012

Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech Co., Ltd. c/o Joe Shia   
LSI International Inc.   
504 East Diamond Ave., Suite F   
Gaithersburg, MD 20878

Re: k122904 Trade/Device Name: Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\$ 862.3250$ Regulation Name: Cocaine and cocaine metabolite test system. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DIO, DKZ, LDJ, LAF, DJR, DJG, LFG JXM, LCM, DIS Dated: October 22, 2012 Received: October 25, 2012

Dear Mr. Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson

for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k122904

Device Name: Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup

Indications for Use:

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Phencyclidine, Notriptyline and Oxycodone in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug(Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine(AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Notriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

The test will yield preliminary positive results when prescription drugs Notriptyline, Oxazepam, Oxycodone and Secobarbital are ingested, even at or above therapeutic doses. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k122904

Device Name: Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel

Indications for Use:

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Phencyclidine, Notriptyline and Oxycodone in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug(Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine(AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Notriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

The test will yield preliminary positive results when prescription drugs Notriptyline, Oxazepam, Oxycodone and Secobarbital are ingested, even at or above therapeutic doses. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.