# K122706

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is:

# Company / Contact Person

Karen Lee   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Thermo Fisher Scientific, Clinical Diagnostics Division 46360 Fremont Blvd.   
Fremont, CA 94538   
Phone: (510) 979-5000 x31814   
Fax: (510) 979-5422   
E-mail: karen.lee@thermofisher.com

# AUG 2 0 2013

Date Prepared September 7, 2012

# Regulatory Declarations

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common / Usual Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QMS® Everolimus Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade / Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thermo Scientific QMS® Everolimus Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3840</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Regulation Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry and Clinical Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OUF</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use QMS® Everolimus Reagents

The $\mathsf { Q M S } ^ { \otimes }$ Everolimus Assay is intended for the quantitative determination of Everolimus in human whole blood on automated clinical chemistry analyzers. The results obtained are used as an aid in the management of kidney and liver transplant patients receiving Everolimus therapy. This in vitro diagnostic device is intended for clinical laboratory use only.

# Legally Marketed Device to Which Equivalency is Claimed

The Thermo Scientific $\boldsymbol { \ Q } \boldsymbol { M } \boldsymbol { \ S } ^ { \otimes }$ Everolimus Assay is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared $\ Q M S ^ { \otimes }$ Everolimus Assay (k100144).

# Device Description

The QMS® Everolimus Assay consists of separately packaged reagents (R1, R2, and Precipitation Reagent) with the following contents and configurations:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configuration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1 AntibodyReagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1.0% Anti-Everolimus polyclonal antibody (rabbit) in abuffer as stabilizer and &lt;0.09% sodium azide aspreservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 22 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2 MicroparticleReagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.6% Everolimus-coated microparticles in buffercontaining &lt;0.05% sodium azide as preservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 8 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrecipitationReagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precipitating reagent, and &lt;0.09% sodium azide aspreservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 8 mL</td></tr></table>

The reagents are supplied ready-to-use in liquid form in plastic HDPE bottles, for storage at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } C$ The reagent set is sufficient for 100 tests.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thermo Scientific QMS® Everolimus Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QMS® Everolimus Assay (k100144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QMS® Everolimus Assay is intended forthe quantitative determination of Everolimus,in human whole blood on automated clinicalchemistry analyzers. The results obtainedare used as an aid in the management ofkidney and liver transplant patients receivingEverolimus therapy.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QMS® Everotimus Assay is intended forthe quantitative determination of Everolimusin human whole blood on automated clinicalchemistry analyzers. The results obtainedare used as an aid in the management ofkidney transplant patients receivingEverolimus therapy.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QMS® Everolimus Assay system is ahomogeneous assay utilizing particleagglutination technology and competitivebinding principles.In particle agglutination assays, the degreeof agglutination (detected by optical methodat 700 nm) is inversely proportional to thequantity of free drug in the reaction well.Hence, if no drug is present in the sample,the antibodies in the QMS® EverolimusAntibody Reagent (R1) will bind only to thebound drug on the particle which will cause itto aggfutinate and will result in higherabsorbance. If increased amount ofcompeting drug is present in the sample, thiswill result in decreased binding of bounddrug by the antibody, resulting in a relativedecrease in particle agglutination. This inturn results in lower absorbance. Theprecise relationship between particleagglutination and concentration of theunlabeled drug in the sample is establishedby measuring the absorbance values ofcalibrators with known concentration of thedrug. The absorbance of unknown samplescan be interpolated from the absorbancevalues of the calibration curve and theconcentration of the drug present in thesample can be calculated.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QMS® Everolimus Assay system is ahomogeneous assay utilizing particleagglutination technology and competitivebinding principles.In particle agglutination assays, the degreeof agglutination (detected by optical methodat 700 nm) is inversely proportional to thequantity of free drug in the reaction well.Hence, if no drug is present in the sample,the antibodies in the QMS® EverolimusAntibody Reagent (R1) will bind only to thebound drug on the particle which will cause itto agglutinate and will result in higherabsorbance. If increased amount ofcompeting drug is present in the sample, thiswill result in decreased binding of bounddrug by the antibody, resulting in a relativedecrease in particle agglutination. This inturn results in lower absorbance. Theprecise relationship between particleagglutination and concentration of theunlabeled drug in the sample is establishedby measuring the absorbance values ofcalibrators with known concentration of thedrug. The absorbance of unknown samplescan be interpolated from the absorbancevalues of the calibration curve and theconcentration of the drug present in thesample can be calculated.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three Liquid Ready-to-Use reagents(R1,R2 and Precipitation Reagent)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three Liquid Ready-to-Use reagents(R1,R2 and Precipitation Reagent)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent StorageCondition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Ready-To-Use(0, 1.5, 3.0, 6.0,12.0 and 20.0 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Ready-To-Use(0, 1.5, 3.0, 6.0, 12.0 and 20.0 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Ready-To-Use(Low, Medium, High)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Ready-To-Use(Low, Medium, High)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators andControls StorageCondition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20C ± 5C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20± 5</td></tr></table>

Note: The proposed device is the same assay as the predicate device.

# Performance Testing Summary

# Analytical Sensitivity (LDD)

Twenty one replicates of Calibrator A were tested in the $\ Q M S ^ { \otimes }$ Everolimus Assay. The results demonstrate that the LDD is ≤0.51 ng/mL which is in agreement with our currently cleared labeling.

# Functional Sensitivity (LOQ)

Functional Sensitivity determines the lowest concentration for which acceptable inter-assay precision and recovery is observed at a 20%CV. The results demonstrate that the LOQ is 2.0 $\mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m l }$ , which is in agreement with our currently cleared labeling.

# Precision and Accuracy

Everolimus samples were tested for precision following a CLSl protocol. In the study, the total run $\% C V$ was less than or equal to $1 0 . 0 \%$ which is in agreement with our currently cleared labeling.

# Method Comparison

Samples were tested in the QMS® Everolimus Assay and compared to LC/MS. The method comparison exhibited correlated well with LC/MS as follows: y = 1.07x + 0.19, R = 0.97.

# Dilution Recovery

Samples were tested to demonstrate linearity throughout the assay range of $2 - 2 0 n g / m L$ . Results demonstrate that the assay performs in a linear fashion which is in agreement with our currently cleared labeling.

# Conclusion

As summarized, the modification to the indications for use in the Thermo Scientific QMS" Everolimus Assay is substantially equivalent to the originally cleared product (k100144). Substantial equivalence has been demonstrated through performance testing (Section 18) to verify that the device functions as intended and that design specifications have been satisfied.

# August 20, 2013

Microgenics Corporation   
C/O Karen Lee   
ThermoFisher Scientific, Clinical Diagnostics Division   
46360 Fremont Blvd   
FREMONT CA 94538

Re: K122766 Trade/Device Name: Thermo Scientific QMS® Everolimus Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3840 Regulation Name: Sirolimus test system Regulatory Class: I1 Product Code: OUF Dated: July 25, 2013 Received: July 29, 2013

Dear Ms. Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 5 10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments. or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not cvaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into cither class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucml I5809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor You/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours, Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known) k122766

Device Name Thermo Scientific QMS® Everolimus Assay

Indications For Use QMS® Everolimus Reagents

The QM® Everolimus Assay is intended for the quantitative determination of Everolimus in human whole blood on automated clinical chemistry analyzers. The results obtained are used as an aid in the management of kidney and liver transplant patients receiving Everolimus therapy.This in vitro diagnostic device is intended for clinical laboratory use only.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEDED)