# K122633

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of21 CFR 807.92(c).

# Establishment Name and Address

Branan Medical Corporation   
140 Technology Dr., Bldg. 400   
Irvine, CA 92618   
Tel: (949) 598-7166   
Fax: (949) 598-7167

Contact Person: Olivia Chan Tel: (949) 598-7166 ext. 113 Email: olivia@brananmedical.com

Date Prepared: August 24, 2012

Proprietary and Trade Name ToxCup® Drug Screen Cup

Common Name Qualitative Lateral Flow Immunoassay

Classification Panel Toxicology (91)

Product Code and Regulation Number   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Classi-fication</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoid Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine and CocaineMetabolite Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine TestSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZOb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepine TestSystem, Over The Counter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barbiturate Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUPG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates (Buprenorphine)Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3910</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tricyclic AntidepressantDrugs Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine(MDMA) Test System,Over The Counter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates (Oxycodone) TestSystem, Over the Counter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme immunoassayPhencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene Test System</td></tr></table>

Device Classification Class II

# Device Description

The $\mathrm { T o x \ " { C u p } ^ { \mathfrak { B } } }$ Drug Screen Cup is based on the principle of highly specific immunochemical reactions between antigens and antibodies. It utilizes a competitive immunoassay procedure in which an immobilized drug conjugate competes with the drug present in urine for limited antibody binding sites. The $\mathbf { \check { T } o x C u p } ^ { \mathbf { \check { \otimes } } }$ Drug Screen Cup device consists of individual test strips, in single drug analyte cassette dip format and/or double analyte cassette dip format, assembled into separate chambers of a plastic insert and can detect up to 14 drugs in human urine at various cutoff concentrations. The presence of a color band at a specific test region indicates a negative result for that particular test. The absence of a color band at a specific test region indicates presumptive positive result for that particular test.

A control band at the control region should always appear regardless of the presence of the drug or its metabolites. The presence of the control band during testing serves as a built in control which indicates that the test has completed and is valid.

# Intended Use

The $\mathrm { T o x C u p } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Drug Screen Cup in single drug analyte cassette dip format and/or double analyte cassette dip format is an in vitro screening test for the rapid detection of multiple drugs and drug metabolites in human urine at or above the following cutoff concentration:

AMP Amphetamine 500 ng/ml BAR Secobarbital 300 ng/ml BUPG Buprenorphine Glucuronide 10 ng/ml BZO Oxazepam 300 ng/ml COC Benzoylecgonine 150 ng/ml MDMA 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine 500 ng/ml MET Methamphetamine 500 ng/ml MTD Methadone 300 ng/ml OPI Morphine 300 ng/ml OXY Oxycodone 100 ng/ml PCP Phencyclidine 25 ng/ml PPX Propoxyphene 300 ng/ml TCA Nortipltyline 1000 ng/ml THC 11-nor $\mathbf { \Delta } \cdot \Delta \mathfrak { s }$ -Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic acid EPY $5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m l } }$

Amended November 7, 2012

# Indications for Use

The ${ \mathrm { T o x C u p } } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Drug Screen Cup is an in vitro screening test for the rapid detection of multiple drugs and drug metabolites in human urine at or above the following cutoff concentration:

AMP Amphetamine 500 ng/ml BAR Secobarbital 300 ng/ml BUPG Buprenorphine Glucuronide 10 ng/ml BZO Oxazepam 300 ng/ml COC Benzoylecgonine 150 ng/ml MDMA 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine 500 ng/ml MET Methamphetamine 500 ng/ml MTD Methadone 300 ng/ml OPI Morphine 300 ng/ml OXY Oxycodone 100 ng/ml PCP Phencyclidine 25 ng/ml PPX Propoxyphene 300 ng/ml TCA Nortriptyline 1000 ng/ml THC 11-nor $\cdot \Delta 9$ -Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic acid 50 ng/ml

These tests provide visual qualitative results and are intended for in vitro diagnostic use only. The $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { T o x C u p } } ^ { \otimes }$ Drug Screen Cup is available in single drug analyte cassette dip format and/or double drug analyte cassette dip format. It is intended for prescription point-of-care and overthe-counter consumer use.

These tests provide only a preliminary test result and are the first step in a two-step process for detecting drugs of abuse in urine. The second step is confirming the results in a certified laboratory. For a quantitative result or to confirm preliminary positive results obtained by the ToxCup Drug Screen Cup, a more specific alternative method such as Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) must be used. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when a preliminary positive result is indicated.

# Predicate Device Comparison

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Devices.(ToxCup ® Drug ScreenCup)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(Amedica Home DrugTest Cup)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitiveimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitiveimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes andCut-Off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC 50ng/mlMorphine 300ng/mlPhencyclidine 25ng/mlSecobarbital 300ng/mlBenzodiazepines 300ng/mlMethadone 300ng/mlOxycodone 100ng/mlMDMA 500ng/mlNortriptyline 1000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC 50ng/mlMorphine 300ng/mlPhencyclidine 25ng/mlSecobarbital 300ng/mlBenzodiazepines 300ng/mlMethadone 300ng/mlOxycodone 100ng/mlMDMA 500ng/mlNortriptyline 1000ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Housing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic lid and cup base</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic lid and cup base</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InternalProceduralControls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control line</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended User</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Over The CounterConsumer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Over The CounterConsumer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral FlowImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral FlowImmunoassay</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Subject Devices(ToxCup.Drug ScreenCup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(Amedica Home Use DrugTest Cup)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Test up to 14 drugs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test up to 12 drugs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes and Cut-Off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Benzoylecgonine 150ng/mlAmphetamine 500ng/mlMethamphetamine 500ng/mlBuprenorphine Glucuronide10ng/mlPropoxyphene 300ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine 300ng/mlAmphetamine 1000ng/mlMethamphetamine 1000ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethodComparison Total% agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>≥ 95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 93%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sealed pouch at 15-30°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sealed pouch at 2-30°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended User</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Over The CounterConsumer and PrescriptionPoint-of-Care use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Over The CounterConsumer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reading Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5- 8 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 - 5 minutes</td></tr></table>

Test Summary:

# Performance Specifications

The performance characteristics of the $\mathrm { T o x C u p } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Drug Screen Cup were based on evaluations by the following analytical performance studies:

• Stability • Optimal Read Time • Precision/reproducibility • Method Comparison Specificity and Interference Consumer Study

# Conclusion

The performance characteristics studies performed demonstrate substantial equivalency between the ToxCup® Drug Screen Cup, the predicate kit Amedica Home Drug Test Cup.

Branan Medical Corporation c/o Olivia Chan   
140 Technology Dr, Suite 400 Irvine, CA 92618

Re: k122633 Trade/Device Name: ToxCup® Drug Screen Cup Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3870 Regulation Name: Cannabinoid test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LDJ, DIO, DJG, DJC, DKZ, JXM, DIS, DJR, LFG, LCM, JXN Dated: January 18, 2013 Received: January 22, 2013

Dear Ms. Chan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) intoeither class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k122633

Device Name: ToxCup® Drug Screen Cup

Indications for Use:

The ToxCup $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug Screen Cup is an in vitro screening test for the rapid detection of multiple drugs and drug metabolites in human urine at or above the following cutoff concentration:

AMP Amphetamine 500 ng/ml BAR Secobarbital 300 ng/ml BUPG Buprenorphine Glucuronide 10 ng/ml BZO Oxazepam 300 ng/ml coc . Benzoylecgonine 150 ng/ml MDMA 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine 500 ng/ml MET Methamphetamine 500 ng/ml MTD Methadone 300 ng/ml OPI Morphine 300 ng/ml OXY Oxycodone 100 ng/ml PCP Phencyclidine 25 ng/ml PPX Propoxyphene 300 ng/ml TCA Nortriptyline 1000 ng/ml THC 11-nor-Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic acid 50 ng/ml

These tests provide visual qualitative results and are intended for in vitro diagnostic use only. The ToxCup® Drug Screen Cup is available in double drug analyte cassette dip format. It is intended for prescription point-of-care use and over-the-counter consumer use.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE; CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k122633

Device Name: ToxCup® Drug Screen Cup

Indications for Use:

These tests provide only a preliminary test result and are the first step in a two-step process for detecting drugs of abuse in urine. The second step is confirming the results in a certified laboratory. For a quantitative result or to confirm preliminary positive results obtained by the ToxCup $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug Screen Cup, a more specific alternative method such as Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) must be used. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when a preliminary positive result is indicated.

And/Or

510(k) k122633