# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92(c).

# Establishment Name and Address

Branan Medical Corporation   
140 Technology Dr., Bldg. 400   
Irvine, CA 92618   
Tel: (949) 598-7166   
Fax: (949) 598-7167

Contact Person: Olivia Chan Tel: (949) 598-7166 ext. 113 Email: olivia@brananmedical.com

Date Prepared: September 5, 2012

Proprietary and Trade Name Fastect® II PPX Drug Screen Dipstick Fastect® I1 Drug Screen Dipstick QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard

Common Name Immunochromatographic test for the qualitative detection of Propoxyphene in urine.

Classification Panel Propoxyphene Test System

Product Code JXN

# Device Classification

The Propoxyphene test systems are classified as Class II devices with moderate complexity. The Fastect® í1 Drug Screen Dipstick with Propoxyphene and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard with Propoxyphene are used to provide only a preliminary result. All preliminary positive test results obtained with these devices must be confirmed by another test method, preferably GC/MS or LC/MS confirmatory analysis.

# Substantially Equivalent Devices K041685  ACON MULTI-CLIN Drug Screen Test Device

# Device Description

The Fastect® II Drug Screen Dipstick with Propoxyphene and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard with Propoxyphene contain multiple drugs and drug metabolites in addition to Propoxyphene. Propoxyphene is added as a new analyte. The Fastect® II PPX Drug Screen Dipstick only contains the propoxyphene analyte. All dipstick and dipcard devices are based on the principle of highly specific immunochemical reactions between antigens and antibodies and all devices utilize a competitive immunoassay procedure in which an immobilized drug conjugate competes with the drug present in urine for limited antibody binding sites.

The Fastect® I1 PPX Drug Screen Dipstick, Fastect® II Drug Screen Dipstick and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard devices are standardized to detect Propoxyphene in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { \mathfrak { n g / m l } }$ These tests can be performed without the use of any additional instruments.

A control band with a different antigeri/antibody reaction is added to the immunochromatographic membrane strip and should always appear regardless of the preence of drug or metabolite. The appearance o the control band during testing indicates that the test has completed and the test is valid.

# Intended Use

The Fastect® II PPX Drug Screen Dipstick is lateral flow immunoassay in vitro diagnostic screen test for qualitative detection of propoxyphene at or above $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m l }$ in human urine.

The Fastect® Drug creen Dpsic and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard are ateral ow immunoassay in vitro diagnostic screen tests for the qualitative detection of cocaine (at or above $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m l ) }$ , opiates (at or above $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m l } )$ , methamphetamine (at or above $5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m i } )$ , TH (at or above $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m l } )$ , amphetamine (at or above $\mathrm { 1 0 0 0 n g / m l ) }$ , phencyclidine (at or above $2 5 \mathrm { n g / m l } ,$ , benzodiazepines (at or above $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m l } )$ , barbiturates (at or above $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m l } )$ , methadone (at or above $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m l } )$ , tricyclic antidepressants (at or above $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m l } )$ , MDMA (at or above $5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m l } )$ , oxycodone. (at or above $1 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m l ) }$ , buprenorphine (at or above $1 0 \mathrm { n g / m l } )$ , or propoxyphene (at or above $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m l } )$ in human urine. It is for prescription point-of-care use and not intended for over-the-counter sale to non-professionals.

# Indications for Use

The Fastect® I Drug Screen Dipstick Test is a lateral flowimmunoassay or the rapid detecton of propxyphene in human urine at or above $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The Fastect® II Drug Screen Dipstick and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard are lateral flow immunoassay for the rapid detection of multiple drugs and drug metabolites in human urine at or above the following cutoff concentration:

THC 11-nor-Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic acid 50 ng/ml Coc Benzoylecgonine 300 ng/ml OPI Morphine 300 ng/ml MET Methamphetamine 500 ng/ml AMP Amphetamine 1000 ng/ml PCP Phencyclidine 25 ng/ml BZO Oxazepam 300 ng/ml BAR Secobarbital 300 ng/ml MTD Methadone 300 ng/ml TCA Nortriptyline 1000 ng/ml MDMA 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine 500 ng/ml OXY Oxycodone 100 ng/ml BUP Buprenorphine 10 ng/ml PPX Propoxyphene 300 ng/ml

These tests provide visual qualitative results and are intended for in vitro diagnostic use only. It is for prescription point-of-care use only and not intended for over-the-counter sale to nonprofessionals.

These tests provide only a preliminary test result. For a quantitative result or to confirm Screen Dipstick or Fastect® II PPX Drug Screen Dipstick tests, a more specific alternative method such as Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) must be used. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test results, particularly when a preliminary positive result is indicated.

# Predicate Device Comparison

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Subject Devices(Fastect  I1 PPX Drug ScreenDipstick, Fastect ® 11 DrugScreen Dipstick, andQuickTox ® Drug ScreenDipcard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(ACON ® multi-CLINTM DrugScreen Test Device K041685)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Screening Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Competitive immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>300ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Housing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Plastic strip holder and sleeve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic strip holder and sleeve</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>10 ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target User Population</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>For professional, in-vitrodiagnostic use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For professional, in-vitrodiagnostic use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>24 Months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 Months</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lateral Flow Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral Flow Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody/Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mouse monoclonal antibodyPPX Ag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal antibodyPPX Ag</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Subject Devices(Fastect  I1 PPX Drug ScreenDipstick, Fastect  II DugScreen Dipstick, andQuickTox ® Drug ScreenDipcard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(ACON ® multi-CLINTM DrugScreen Test Device K041685)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Used in Professional orPoint-of-Care Setting</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Used in point-of-care settings</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Used in laboratory settings</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Single Drug/Multi-Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi-Drug</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Design</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Dip method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip method and drop method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sealed pouch at 15-30°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sealed pouch at 2-30°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reading Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5-30 min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-8 hrs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal ProceduralControls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative control line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive and negative controllines</td></tr></table>

# Performance Specifications

The performance characteristics of the Fastect® I1 PPX Drug Screen Dipstick, Fastect® Drug Screen Dipstick, and QuickTox® Dr Screen Dipcard devices were based on evaluations by the following analytical performance studies:

• Stability Optimal Read Time Precision Method Comparison Specificity and Interference Effect of pH and Specific Gravity

# Conclusion

The performance characteristics studies performed demonstrate substantial equivalency between the Fastect® II PPX Drug Screen Dipstick, Fastect® II Drug Screen Dipstick, QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard and the predicate kit ACONTM Drug Screen test device with the same cutoff concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m l } }$ We have monsrated that the Fastect® I1  Drg Screen Dipstick, Fastect® IDr Screen Dipstick, and QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard are safe and effective for the qualitative detection of Propoxyphene at a cutoff concentration of $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m l }$ .

January 30, 2013

Branan Medical Corporation c/o Ms. Olivia Chan 140 Technology Dr., Suite 400 Irvine, CA 92618

Re: k122752 Trade/Device Name: Fastect® II PPX Drug Screen Dipstick Fastect® II Drug Screen Dipstick QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3700 Regulation Name: Propoxyphene test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JXN Dated: January 02, 2013 Received: January 03, 2013

Dear Ms. Chan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set

Page 2—Ms. Chan

forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol CABenson for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k122752

# Device Name: Fastect® II PPX Drug Screen Dipstick Test Fastect® II Drug Screen Dipstick Test QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard

Indications for Use:

The Fastect $\mathfrak { Q }$ II PPX Drug Screen Dipstick Test is a lateral flow immunoassay for the rapid detection of propoxyphene in human urine at or above $3 0 0 n \mathrm { g / m L }$ .

The Fastect $\mathfrak { P }$ II Drug Screen Dipstick and QuickTox $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug Screen Dipcard are lateral flow immunoassay for the rapid detection of multiple drugs and drug metabolites in human urine at or above the following cutoff concentration:

THC 1·1-nor-Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic acid   
COC Benzoylecgonine   
OPI Morphine   
MET Methamphetamine   
AMP Amphetamine   
PCP Phencyclidine   
BZO Oxazepam   
BAR Secobarbital   
MTD Methadone   
TCA Nortriptyline   
MDMA 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine   
OXY Oxycodone   
BUP Buprenorphine   
PPX Propoxyphene

50 ng/ml   
300 ng/ml   
300 ng/ml   
500 ng/ml   
1000 ng/ml   
25 ng/ml   
300 ng/ml   
300 ng/ml   
300 ng/ml   
1000 ng/ml   
500 ng/ml   
100 ng/ml   
10 ng/ml   
300 ng/ml

These tests provide visual qualitative results and are intended for in vitro diagnostic use only. It is for prescription point-of-care use only and not intended for over-the-counter sale to non-professionals.

These tests provide only a preliminary test result. For a quantitative result or to confirm preliminary positive results obtained by the QuickTox® Drug Screen Dipcard, Fastect® II Drug Screen Dipstick or Fastect $\mathfrak { D }$ II PPX Drug Screen Dipstick tests, a more specific alternative method such as Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) must be used. Clinical Consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test results, particularly when a preliminary positive result is indicated.

Prescription Use X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

And/Or

Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Denise Johnson-lyles -S 2013.01.29 06:59:15 -05'00'

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
510(k) k122752