# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 510(k) Number: k122064

Submitter:   
Tianjin New Bay Bioresearch Co., Ltd.   
#1 Jian She Rd, Ba Li Tai Industry Area Jin Nan District, Tianjin, China   
Telephone: 86-22-28751515   
Facsimile: 86-222-875-1516

# Contact Person:

Mr. Roger De Bock   
SDbiotek, LLC.   
4455 Murphy Canyon Road Suite 204   
San Diego, CA 92123   
email: rdebock@sdbiotek.com Tel: 619-453-0930 (0)   
Tel: 619-994-1417 (C)   
Fax: 858-569-4243   
Preparation Date:   
04,19 2013

# Device Information:

Trade or Proprietary Name: ForSure One Sep Buprenorphine Drug Cup Test Device.

Common/Usual Name: Lateral flow immunochromatographic assay fr detection of Buprenorphine in human urine

Regulatory Name: Buprenorphine Test System

Regulation Section: 21 CFR § 862.3650

Regulatory Class: Class II

Product Code: DJG

Panel: Toxicology (91)

# Predicate Devices:

Fou  u  up  u ForSure One Step Buprenorphine Test Stri Device) cleared by FDA (K04290) for ts state intendd use.

# Device Description:

ForSure One Step Buprenorphine Drug Cup Test Device is a convenient specimen collection cup with a built-in strip holder which is able to hold the QuikStrip of Buprenorphine within the container. The membrane of the test strip is coated with goat anti-mouse antibody and Buprenorphine-Bovine serum albumin conjugate. The sample pad contains a colloidal gold-labeled mouse monoclonal antiBuprenorphine antibody. As the test sample flows through the absorbent device, the Colloidal Gold

labeled antibody-conjugate binds to the free drug in the specimen forming an antibody-conjugate in the test reaction zone and will not produce a magenta color band when the drug is above the detection level of $1 0 \ n \mathbf { g } / \mathbf { m } \ l$ of Buprenorphine. Unbound colloidal gold labeled antibody conjugate binds to the reagent in the negative control zone, producing a magenta color band, demonstrating that the reagents and device are functioning correctly. A Negative specimen produces two distinct color bands in both the test line and control area. A positive specimen produces only one color band in the control area. There is no meaning l eyeTh ynleusv the screen for abuse of drugs without the need for any other instrumentation to determine results. The tester will obtain a result in five minutes.Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be aple  ydru abusees result, pariculary in evaluating a prelmnay positive result.This tes is the frst stepin deterining whether there aredrugs in the urineI the Buprenorphine result shows lie (preliminary positive) you should send the sample for laboratory testing.

ForSure One Step Bupreorphine Drug Cup Screen Test is or diagostic and treatment purpoes, consult with a healthcare or substance abuse professional.

# Intended Use:

The ForSure One Step Buprenorphine Drug Cup Test Device is an immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative determination of Buprenorphine in human urine at cutoff level of 10 $\scriptstyle { \mathfrak { n g } } / { \mathfrak { m L } }$ The test is intended for prescription and over-the-counter use.

The Buprenorphine assay will yield preliminary positive results when buprenorphine is ingested at or above therapeutic doses. There are no uniformly recognized drug levels for buprenorphine in urine. The ForSure One Step Buprenorphine Drug Cup Test Device shows the drug was or was not present at the cutoff level. The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

# Comparison to Predicate Device(s):

Tianjin New Bay ForSure One Step Buprenorphine Drug Cup Test is substantially equivalent to Tianjin New Bay ForSure ™ One Step Buprenorphine Strip Test cleared by the FDA (K042990).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device (s)Tlanjin New Bay ForSureTMOneStep Buprenorphlne Drug CupTest device.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(s)Tianjin New Bay ForSureTMOneStep Buprenorphine Strip Test(K 042990)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunochromatographic Drug CupQualitative test.The assay provides a simple andrapid analytical screening procedureto detect Buprenorphine and itsmetabolite drugs in human urine .</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ForSure One Step BuprenorphineImmunochromatographicQualitative Strip test.The assay provides a simple andrapid analytical screeningprocedure to detect Buprenorphinein human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry formulationand Antibody Used in</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody and chemistry formulationused for drug on the test strip are</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Using monoclonal /polyclonalantibody for the colloidal gold</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>the device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% identical to the strips approvedby FDA (k042990)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>conjugate, Drug-BSA conjugate forthe test line of the membrane</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine: 10 ng/ml,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine: 10ng/ml,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preliminary PositiveReconfirm by GC/Mass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None, Visual read single use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None, Visual Read single use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration of Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below 28°C until expiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below 28°C until expiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr></table>

Subject Device:

# Predicate:

# Performance Comparison

Sensittvity: $\geq 1 0 \mathbf { n g } / \mathbf { m l }$ of Buprenorphine in urines show positive result

Sensitivity: $\geq 1 0 \eta \ m \geq / \mathbf { m } \mathbf { l }$ of Buprenorphine in urines show positive result

Same

Total Precision: The results demonstrate that there is no appreciable within and inter lot variation when testing both positive and negative spiked samples across three (3) different lots of test device at different day. The test result of both within lot and inter lot reproducibility are similar to Predicate device.

Total Precision: The results demonstrate that there is no appreciable within and inter lot variation when testing both positive and negative spiked samples across three (3) different lots of test device at different day

Same

Cutoff determination: The cutoff is $1 0 ~ \mathrm { \pmb { n g } / \mathrm { \pmb { m } } } |$ of Bup. $50 \%$ below the cutoff level of Buprenorphine are negative. The result set at cutoff and $2 5 \%$ above cutoff level of Buprenorphine are positive and similar to the predicate device.

Cutoff determination: The cut off is $1 0 ~ \mathrm { \& / m l }$ of BUP $5 0 \%$ below the cutoff level of Buprenorphine are negative. The result set at cutoff and $2 5 \%$ above cutoff level of Buprenorphine are positive.

# Same

Accuracy: A comparison study of positive and negative specimens with GC/MS was performed, the test results was correlated very well with GC/MS. It is similar to the predicate device

Accuracy: A comparison study of positive and negative specimens with GC/MS was performed, the test results was correlated very well with GC/MS.

# Same

# Summary:

Te n  h e-ar t m ha u O Buprenorphine Drug Cup Test Device is substantially equivalent to Tianjin New Bay ForSure' One Step Buprenorphine Strip Test Device (K 042990) and GC/MS.   
Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and physical properties to the commercially available and analytical predicate devices.The information supplied in this pre-market ti oi b ssa hat  orSu e Buphi r u T Device is safe and effective for its stated intended use.

May 7, 2013

Tianjin New Bay Bioresearch Co., Ltd. C/O Roger De Bock   
S.D. BiotEk, LLC   
4455 Murphy Canyon Road   
SAN DIEGO CA 92123

Re: K122064 Trade/Device Name: ForSure™M One Step Buprenorphine Drug Cup Test Device Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG Dated: February 05, 2013 Received: April 02, 2013

Dear Mr. De Bock:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code f Federal Regulations, Tit, Parts 800 to 9.In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucmI15809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address 4 http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k122064

Device Name: ForSure One Step Buprenorphine Drug Cup Test Device

Indications for Use:

The ForSure One Step Buprenorphine Drug Cup Test Device is an immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative determination of Buprenorphine in human urine at cutoff level of $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .The test is intended for prescription and overthe-counter use.

The buprenorphine assay will yield preliminary positive results when buprenorphine is ingested at or above therapeutic doses. There are no uniformly recognized drug levels for buprenorphine in urine. The ForSure One Step Buprenorphine Drug Cup Test Device shows the drug was or was not present at the cutoff level. The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result.

A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

And/Or

Prescription Use _ X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

Over the Counter Use X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)