# 510(k) Summary

The summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is:

# Company and Contact Name

Mr. Joan Guixer, Director of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs Biokit S.A.   
Llica d'Amunt   
Barcelona, Spain 08186   
Phone: $+ 3 4 6 5 7 8 8 3 3 4 7 / + 3 4 9 3 8 6 0 9 0 0 0$   
Fax: $+ 3 4$ 93 860 9029

AUG 2 9 2013

Date Prepared: August 27, 2013

# Regulatory Declarations

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common/Usual Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade/Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARCHITECT i Vancomycin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3950</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Regulation Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEH</td></tr></table>

# Indications for Use

The ARCHITECT i Vancomycin assay is an in vitro chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) for the quantitative measurement of vancomycin in human serum or plasma on the ARCHITECT i System with STAT protocol capability. The ARCHITECT i Vancomycin assay is used in the diagnosis and treatment of vancomycin overdose and in monitoring levels of vancomycin to help ensure appropriate therapy.

# Legally Marketed Device to Which Equivalency is Claimed

The ARCHITECT i Vancomycin assay (LN 1P30-28) is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared ARCHITECT i Vancomycin assay (LN 1P30-25, K072036).

# 510(k) Summary

# Device Description

The ARCHITECT i Vancomycin assay is a one-step STAT immunoassay for the quantitative measurement of vancomycin in human serum or plasma using CMIA technology, with flexible assay protocols, referred to as Chemiflex.

Sample, anti-vancomycin coated paramagnetic microparticles, and vancomycin acridinium-labeled conjugate are combined to create a reaction mixture. The anti-vancomycin coated microparticles bind to vancomycin present in the sample and to the vancomycin acridinium-labeled conjugate. After washing, pre-trigger and trigger solutions are added to the reaction mixture. The resulting chemiluminescent reaction is measured as relative light units (RLUs). An indirect relationship exists between the amount of vancomycin in the sample and the RLUs detected by the ARCHITECT i System optics.

# Comparison of Technological Characteristics

Both the submission (ARCHITECT i Vancomycin [LN 1P30-28]) and predicate (ARCHITECT i Vancomycin [LN 1P30-25]) device use a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) technology for the quantitative measurement of vancomycin in human serum and plasma.

# Summary of Performance Testing

# Precision

Vancomycin samples were tested for precision following the CLSI protocol EP5-A2. In the study, the total run $\% \mathrm { C V }$ was $\leq 1 0 \%$ and meets the design acceptance criteria.

# Recovery

Serum samples were spiked with vancomycin at concentrations across the assay range. The overall percent recovery of the ARCHITECT i Vancomycin assay was $1 0 0 . 2 \%$ The percent recovery ranged from $9 8 . 0 \%$ to $10 5 . 4 \%$ for vancomycin concentrations from 5 to $4 5 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ . The percent recovery was $8 6 . 4 \%$ for vancomycin concentration $3 . 2 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ .

# 510(k) Summary

# Interferences

Serum specimens with vancomycin levels from 4.4 to $4 8 . 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ were supplemented with the following potentially interfering compounds. The mean recovery observed during the study ranged from $9 3 . 0 \%$ to $1 0 4 . 5 \%$ .

− Triglycerides, $2 5 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Hemoglobin, $4 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Bilirubin, $2 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Low Protein, $3 ~ \mathrm { g / d L }$ EPY High Protein, $1 2 \mathrm { \bf g / d L }$ E HAMA, $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Rheumatoid Factor, 500 IU/mL

# Linearity

Samples were tested to demonstrate linearity throughout the assay range. A linear range of $3 . 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ to ${ \bar { 5 } } 0 . 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ was established for the ARCHITECT i Vancomycin assay.

# Sensitivity

In this study, the Limit of Blank (LoB) was $0 . 2 7 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ , Limit of Detection (LoD) was $0 . 4 2 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) was $2 . 5 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ .

# Matrix Comparison

The specimen collection tubes listed below were verified to be used with the ARCHITECT i Vancomycin assay.

• Human serum • Human plasma collected in:

Lithium heparin Dipotassium EDTA   
• Sodium Citrate   
. Sodium Heparin   
• Sodium Fluoride/Potassium Oxalate

# 510(k) Summary

# Specificity

A study has demonstrated that vancomycin crystalline degradation product 1 (CDP-1) at a concentration of $1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ , has cross-reactivity less than $0 . 4 2 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ in the absence of vancomycin. CDP-1 $\updownarrow \pm 5 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ demonstrated cross-reactivity with samples containing vancomycin in the measurement range. CDP-1 may accumulate in patients with impaired renal function.

The following compounds were tested in the absence of vancomycin after adding $5 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ of each compound (except Methotrexate, Isoniazid and CDP-1) to human serum. Isoniazid was tested at $3 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ . Methotrexate was tested at $2 2 7 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ Cross-reactivity of each compound was less than $0 . 4 2 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ . The same compounds (except CDP-1 and Isoniazid) at the concentrations tested demonstrated no interference in the presence of vancomycin using the acceptance criteria of $\%$ recovery within $10 0 \pm 1 0 \%$ . Interference was observed for CDP-1 and Isoniazid in the presence of vancomycin as follows:

CDP-1 $\mathrm { a t } \geq 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ interferes with samples containing vancomycin in the measurement range.   
Isoniazid at $> 3 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ interferes with samples containing vancomycin in the   
measurement range.

Acetaminophen Clindamycin Heparin Nitrofurantoin Sulfamethoxazole Amikacin Chloramphenicol Hydrocholorothiazide Penicillin G Tetracycline Amphotericin B Chlorothiazide Ibuprofen Penicillin V Ticarcillin Ampicillin Ciprofloxacin Isoniazid Prednisolone Tobramycin Caffeine Erythromycin Kanamycin B Rifampin Trimethoprim CDP-1 Ethambutol Methotrexate Salicylic acid Cefotaxime 5-Fluorocytosine Methylprednisolone Spectinomycin Cephalexin Furosemide Naproxen Streptomycin Cephalothin Gentamicin Neomycin Sulfadiazine

# 510(k) Summary

# Method Comparison

The new ARCHITECT i Vancomycin assay (LN 1P30-28) correlated with the predicate ARCHITECT i Vancomycin assay (LN 1P30-25) as shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Specimen Concentration Range</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2">Intercept</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">(μg/mL)</td><td>Correlation Coefficient (r)</td><td>Slope</td></tr><tr><td>LN 1P30-25</td><td>LN 1P30-28</td><td>Number of Observations</td><td>(95% CI)</td><td>(95% CI)</td><td>(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">7.34-47.49</td><td rowspan="2">7.69-48.60</td><td rowspan="2">107</td><td>0.99</td><td>1.04</td><td>-0.23</td></tr><tr><td>0.99, 0.99</td><td>1.01, 1.07</td><td>-0.87, 0.36</td></tr></table>

# Measuring Interval

For the verification studies described in the reagent package insert, the measuring interval range is $3 . 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L }$ to ${ 5 0 . 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ .

# Conclusion

Substantial equivalence of the proposed device to the previously cleared ARCHITECT i Vancomycin assay (K072036) has been demonstrated through performance testing to verify that the device functions as intended and design specifications have been satisfied.

August 29, 2013

Biokit S.A.   
C/O Joan Guixer   
Can Malé S/N   
Llicα d'Amunt, Barcelona, 08186, SPAIN

Re: K123947 Trade/Device Name: ARCHITECT iVancomycin Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3950 Regulation Name: Vancomycin test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LEH Dated: July 23, 2013 Received: July 25, 2013

Dear Mr. Guixer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations afecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to htp://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm1 15809.htm for

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and   
Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): K123947

Device Name: ARCHITECT / Vancomycin

Indications for Use:

# Reagents

The ARCHITECT / Vancomycin assay is an in vitro chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) for the quantitative measurement of vancomycin in human serum or plasma on the ARCHITECT / System with STAT protocol capability. The ARCHITECT / Vancomycin assay is used in the diagnosis and treatment of vancomycin overdose and in monitoring levels of vancomycin to help ensure appropriate therapy. .

For in vitro diagnostic use.