# 510(k) Summary

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR Part 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: k130650

1. Date of Summary: January 10, 2014

2 Submitted by: Princeton BioMeditech Corporation 4242 U.S. Route 1, Monmouth Jct., NJ 08852 Phone: 732-274-1000 Fax: 732-274-1010

3.Device Trade Names: Status DS™M OXY

4Regulatory Information: 4.1. Regulation section: 21 CFR 862.3650, Enzyme Immunoassay, Opiates 4.2. Classification: Class II 4.3. Product Code: DJG 4.4. Panel: Toxicology (91)

5. Identification of legally marketed devices to which claims of equivalence are made: K06035 1: MedTox Oxycodone by MedTox Diagnostics

6Device Description: The Status DSTM OXY test device is a simple immunochromatographic test for the rapid, qualitative detection of oxycodone and/or their metabolites in human urine. The test may be read visually or by using a DXpressTM Reader. The DXpress reader captures an image of an inserted compatible test device and uses a software algorithm to calculate the intensity of the test line. The DXpress reader interprets test result automatically by comparing the intensity of the test line to the preset cutoff value. In addition, the software will use the presence of the control line to determine whether or not the test result is valid.

Intended Use: The Status $\mathsf { D } \mathsf { S } ^ { \mathsf { T } \mathbf { M } }$ OXY is an immunochromatograhic test for the qualitative detection of Oxycodone in urine samples. The detection cut-off concentration of Oxycodone is $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { \mathrm { n g / m L } }$ . The test may be read visually or by using a DXpressTM Reader. It is intended for clinical laboratory use only.

This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to the test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are obtained.

8. Substantial Equivalence: The Status $\mathbf { D S } ^ { \mathbf { T M } }$ OXY test was compared to the MedTox Oxycodone, k060351 by MedTox Diagnostics. Both tests are in vitro rapid qualitative tests that detect Oxycodone in urine and use the same cutoff concentration. The scientific principle of both devices is a solid phase chromatographic immunoassay. In the performance study, Status DS OXY test showed $9 8 \%$ agreement for positive samples and $96 \%$ for negative samples compared to the reference test, while MedTox Oxycodone showed $96 \%$ and $9 7 \%$ agreement, respectively, indicating the two test devices are substantially equivalent.

Conclusion: The Status $\mathsf { D } \mathsf { S } ^ { \mathsf { m } }$ OXY test is substantially equivalent in assay principle and performance to the MedTox Oxycodone, k06035 1 by MedTox Diagnostics. The test is safe and effective for professional and laboratory use.

PRINCETON BIOMEDITECH CORP.  
KYUNG-AH KIM  
DIRECTOR, OPERATIONS/QUALITY SYSTEMS4242 U.S. HIGHWAY 1  
MONMOUTH JUNCTION NJ 08852-1905

Re: K130650 Trade/Device Name: Status DS OXY Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG Dated: January 10, 2014 Received: January 13, 2014

Dear Dr. Kim:

We have reviewed your Section $\pmb { 5 } 1 \pmb { 0 } ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications foruse stated in the enclosure) to legallymarketed predicatedevices marketedinintersae commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to evics hat have been reclassif i accordance with the provisions te Fedeal odDr Cosmect (Ac) that o ot reqiepproval  a premrket aproval applitin (MA). You may, therefore, markt the devi, subject to the geneal controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls)or classI1 (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title1, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Dr. Kim

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809) please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers. international and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICESFood and Drug AdministrationIndications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120Expiration Date: January 31, 2017See PRA Statement on last page.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>510(k) Number (if known)k130650</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Device NameStatus DS™ OXY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Indications for Use (Describe) ic  clinical laboratory use only.   obtained.</td></tr></table>

# Avis T. Danishefsky -S

# FORM FDA 3881 (1/14)