# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 510(k) Number: k130275

Submitter:   
Mr. Tony Shan   
Tianjin New Bay Bioresearch Co., Ltd.   
#1 Jian She Rd, Ba Li Tai Industry Area Jin Nan District, Tianjin, China   
Email: newbay@gmail.com   
Telephone: 86-22-28751515   
Facsimile: 86-222-875-1516

# SEP 2 6 2013

Contact Person:   
Mr. Roger De Bock   
S.D.biotek, LLC.   
4455 Murphy Canyon Road Suite 204   
San Diego, CA 92123   
email: rdebock@sdbiotek.com phone: (619) 453 0930   
mobile: (619) 994 1417   
Facsimile: (619) 453-0930

Preparation Date: May 29, 2012

Device Classification Name: Immunoassay of MDMA

Immunoassay of OPI   
Regulatory Name:   
MDMA Test System   
OPI Test System   
Regulation Section: 21 CFR $\$ 862$ , 3650 21 CFR $\ S$ 862, 3610   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Code: LAF, DJG,

Panel: Toxicology (91)

# Substantially Equivalent devices:

QuikScreenT™ Multi (MDMA and OPl) Drug Cup Test Device is substantially equivalent to predicate device (Guanzhou Wondfo Biotech Co Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup) cleared by FDA (K121 166) for its stated intended use.

# Product Description:

QuikScreen '™" Multi (MDMA and OPl) Drug Cup Test Device is a convenient specimen collection cup with a built-in strip holder, which is able to hold the Strip of MDMA and OPI within the container. The membrane of the MDMA test strip is coated with goat anti-mouse antibody and MDMA-Bovine serum albumin conjugate. The membrane of the OPl test strip is coated with goat anti-mouse antibody and OPl-Bovine serum albumin conjugate. The sample pad of the MDMA test strip contains a colloidal gold-labeled mouse monoclonal anti-MDMA antibody. The sample pad of the OPI test strip contains a colloidal gold-labeled mouse monoclonal anti-OPl antibody. As the test sample flows through the absorbent device, the Colloidal Gold labeled antibody-conjugate binds to the free drug in the specimen forming an antibody-conjugate in the test reaction zone and will not produce a magenta color band when the drug is above the detection level of drug $( 5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m l }$ of MDMA or $3 0 0 { \bf n g / m l }$ of OPI). Unbound colloidal gold-labeled antibody conjugate binds to the reagent in the control zone, producing a magenta color band, demonstrating that the reagents and device are functioning correctly. A color line will always appear at the control region. A negative specimen produces two distinct color bands in both the test line and control area. A positive specimen produces only one color band in the control area. There is no meaning attributed to color or its intensity for either line. The test is easy and fast allowing the user to read the screen for abuse of drugs without the need for any other instrumentation to determine results. The tester will obtain a result in five minutes. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly in evaluating a preliminary positive result. This test is the first step in determining whether there are drugs in the urine. If the test result shows 1 line (preliminary positive) you should send the sample for laboratory testing.

QuiScre uli A n P) r    n pu consult with a healthcare or substance abuse professional.

# Intended Use:

The QuikScreenTM Multi (MDMA and OPl) Drug Cup Test consists of competitive binding . lateral flow immunochromatographic assays and provides a simple and rapid analytical screening procedure to simultaneously detect the drugs of abuse MDMA at or above the cutoff level of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m l } }$ and OPI at or above the cutoff level of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m l } }$ in human urine. The device is intended for OTC and prescription use..

Test Calibrator Cutoff Opiate Morphine 300 ng/ml MDMA $( + 1 - ) - 3 , 4$ Methylene- 500 ng/ml dioxymethamphetamine

The asay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alterative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result. particularly when preliminary results are used. The assay does not distinguish whether OPI or MDMA is being taken therapeutically or abused.

# Comparison to Predicate Device(s):

Tianjin New Bay QuikScreen™M OTC and CLIA WAIVED Multi (MDMA and OPI) Drug Cup Test is substantially equivalent to Guanzhou Wondfo Biotech Co Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup cleared by FDA (K121166).

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device (s)Tianjin New BayQuikSereen Multi(MDMA and OPI) DrugCup Test device.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(s)Guanzhou Wondfo Biotech CoMulti-Drug Urine Test Cupcleared by FDA (K121 166).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuikScreen™ Multi(MDMA and OPI) DrugCup Test.The assay provides a simpleand rapid analyticalscreening procedure todetect MDMA, and OPI, inhuman urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multi-Drug Urine Test areImmunochromatographicQualitative Strip test.The assay provides a simpleand rapid analytical screeningprocedure to detect MDMA,OPI and other drug in humanurine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA, OPI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA, OPI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Using monoclonal/polyclonal antibody for thecolloidal gold conjugate,Drug-BSA conjugate forthe test line of themembrane</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Using monoclonal /polyclonalantibody for the colloidal goldconjugate, Drug-BSAconjugate for the test line ofthe membrane</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA: 500ng/ml.OPI: 300ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA: 500ng/ml,OPI: 300ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preliminary PositiveReconfirm byGC/MS or LC/MS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None, Visual read singleuse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None, Visual Read single use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration ofReagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Below 28°C until expiration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Below 28°C until expiration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4"></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4"></td><td>MDMA Sensitivity: ≥500 ng /ml of MDMA in urines show positive result OPI</td><td>MDMA Sensitivity: ≥500ng /ml of MDMA in urines show positive result</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Sensitivity: ≥300 ng /ml</td><td>OPI Sensitivity: ≥300 ng /ml of</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>of OPI in urines show positive result Total Precision: The results demonstrate that there is no appreciable</td><td>OPI in urines show positive result Total Precision: The results demonstrate that there is no appreciable within and</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>within and inter lot variation when testing both positive and negative spiked samples across three () different lots of test device at different day. The test result of both within lot and inter lot reproducibility are similar as Predicate device. Cutoff determination:</td><td>inter lot variation when testing both positive and negative spiked samples across three (3) different lots of test device at different day Cutoff determination: The cutoff is 500 ng/ml of</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Performance Comparison</td><td>The cutoff is 500 ng/ml of MDMA. 50% below the cutoff level of MDMA are negative. The result set at cutoff and 25 % above cutoff level of MDMA are positive and similar to the predicate device. The cutoff is 300 ng/ml of OPI. 50% below the cutoff level of OPI are negative. The result set at cutoff and 25 % above cutoff level of OPI are</td><td>MDMA. 50% below the cutoff level of MDMA are negative. The result set at cutoff and 25 % above cutoff level of MDMA are positive The cutoff is 300 ng/ml of OPI. 50% below the cutoff level of OPI are negative. The result set at cutoff and 25. % above cutoff level of OPI are positive</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>positive and similar to the predicate device. Accuracy: A comparison study of positive and negative specimens or lay user study with reference methods were performed, the test results</td><td>Accuracy: A comparison study of positive and negative specimens or lay user study with reference methods were performed, the</td><td>Similar</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>was correlated very well with reference methods. It is similar as the predicate device</td><td>very well with reference methods.</td><td></td></tr></table>

# Summary:

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that QuikScreen 'M Multi (MDMA and OPl) Drug Cup Test is substantially equivalent to Guanzhou Wondfo Biotech Co Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup cleared by FDA (K121 166) for its stated intended use and GC/MS or LC/Ms.

Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and physical properties to the commercially available and analytical predicate devices. The information supplied in this pre-market notification provides reasonable assurance that the QuikScreen TM Multi (MDMA and OPl) Drug Cup Test Device is safe and effective for its stated intended use.

Cross interference study by incorporation MDMA $\mathbf { \xi } 5 0 0 \mathbf { n g } / \mathbf { m l }$ cutoff), OPI ( $3 0 0 \mathbf { n g } / \mathbf { m l }$ cutoff) Strip into the QuikScreen™ Multiple 1 1 drug cup device that had previously received clearance from the agency with the assigned 510(K) number as K071489. It was cleared for OTC test and Prescription Test. The cross interference study have indicated that there is no cross-interference between the strips and no effect on either positive or negative result among 13 different drug strip by the addition of the MDMA $\bf { 5 0 0 n g / m l }$ as cutoff), OPI $\mathrm { ( 3 0 0 n g / m l }$ as cutoff ) test strip into the QuikScreen Multiple I 1 drug Cup device

Tianjin New Bay Bioresearch Co., Ltd. c/o Roger de Bock   
4455 Murphy Canyon Rd.   
Suite 204   
SAN DIEGO CA 92123

Re: K130275 Trade/Device Name: Quikscreen Multi (MDMA and OPl) Drug Cup Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG, LAF Dated: August 21, 2013 Received: August 26. 2013

Dear Mr. de Bock:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally markcted predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to vis aav eecasi  n ie oiions  dl o Dr and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not requirc approval of a premarkct approval application (PMA). You may, thereforc, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements or annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH docs not cvaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labcling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (sec above) into cither classII (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Titlc 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial cquivalcnce determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination thal your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agcncies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Par 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicablc, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 2! CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intemet address http://www.Ida.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part .F  r  ve ne  ula CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/McdicalDevics/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Ofice of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-frcc number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its lnternel address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k 130275

Device Name: QuikScreen™ Multi (MDMA and OPl) Drug Cup Test

Indications for Use:

The QuikScreenT Multi (MDMA and OPl) Drug Cup Test consists of competitive binding , lateral flow immunochromatographic assays and provides a simple and rapid analytical screening procedure to simultaneously detect the drugs of abuse MDMA at or above the cutoff level of $5 0 0 \ n g / m !$ and OPI at or above the cutoff level of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { \& / m l }$ in human urine. The device is intended for prescription use and Over-The-Counter settings.

Test Calibrator Opiate Morphine

Cutoff 300 ng/ml

MDMA (+/-)-3,4Methylenedioxymethamphetamine

500 ng/ml

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific altemative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary results are used. The assay does not distinguish whether OPI or MDMA is being taken therapeutically or abused.

And/Or

Prescription Use _X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

Over the Counter Use X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Denise Johnson-lyles -S   
2013.09.26 08:27:43 -04'00'   
Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health