$$
\sqrt { 1 3 } / 0 0 9
$$

Page l of6 MAY 1 \$2014

# 510 (k) SUMMARY AS REQUIRED BY SECTION 807.92(C)

# Manufacturer & Submitter:

Contact:

Phamatech Inc.   
10151 Barnes Canyon Road   
San Diego, California 92121, USA Carl A. Mongiovi   
Vice President   
Telephone 858 643 5555   
Fax 858 635 5843

Date Prepared 5/08/2014

Proprietary Name: QuickScreen Drug Screening Test System

Common Name: Drug of Abuse Rapid Test System

Description: Immunoassay for the qualitative detection, Amphetamine, THC, Cocaine, PCP, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, Methadone, Oxycodone, Opiates and Methamphetamine in urine

# Classification Names:

The applicant test system regulatory classification is Class II, Classification Panel is Clinical Toxicology (91). Regulatory information applicable to this test system is provided below:

21 CFR 862.3100 Amphetamine test system Product Code: DKZ

Predicate Device: QuikStrip OneStep Amphetamine Test — Syntron Bioresearch Predicate 510(k) #: K971218

Intended Use:

QuickScreen ™ Amphetamine 500 Test Model 9058 (dip card)

The QuickScreen Amphetamine 500 Test is a qualitative in-vitro diagnostic screen that provides a preliminary result for the detection/presence of Amphetamine in urine. The cut-off concentration is 500 ng/ml. It is intended for prescription point of care use only.

This test provides only a preliminary test result. A more specific alternate testing method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Other confirmation methods are available. Clinical consideration and professional

judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are observed.

QuickScreen ™ Amphetamine 500 Test Model 9054 (cassette)

The QuickScreen Amphetamine 500 Test is a qualitative in-vitro diagnostic screen that provides a preliminary result for the detection/presence of Amphetamine in urine. The cut-off concentration is 500 ng/ml. It is intended for prescription point of care use only.

This test provides only a preliminary test result. A more specific alternate testing method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Other confirmation methods are available. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are observed.

# QuickScreen ™M Multi Drug Screening Test Model 9346T(dip card)

The QuickScreen ™ Multi Drug Screening Test Model 9346T is_an in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection of amphetamine, cocaine, methamphetamine, opiates, oxycodone, PCP, Barbiturates, benzodiazepines, methadone and THC in urine. The test is available in any combination of the drugs or drug metabolites listed below. Tests for barbiturates, benzodiazepine and oxycodone cannot distinguish between abused drugs and certain prescribed medications. The test is intended for prescription point of care use only.

Amphetamine (d amphetamine) 500 ng/ml   
Cocaine (benzoylecgonine) 150 ng/ml   
Methamphetamine (d methamphetamine) 500 ng/ml   
Opiates (morphine) 300 ng/ml   
PCP (phencyclidine) 25 ng/ml   
Barbiturates (Secobarbital) 300 ng/ml   
Benzodiazepines (Oxazepam) 200 ng/ml   
Methadone (Methadone) 300 ng/ml   
Oxycodone (Oxycodone) 100 ng/ml   
THC (Cannabinoids) 50 ng/ml

This test provides only a preliminary test result. A more specific alternate testing method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Other confirmation methods are available. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are observed.

The QuickScreen ™M Drug Cup Model 9346Z is an in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection of amphetamine, cocaine, methamphetamine, opiates, oxycodone, PCP, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, methadone and THC in urine at the cut-off concentrations listed below. The test is available in any combination of the drugs or drug metabolites listed below. Tests for barbiturates, benzodiazepine and oxycodone cannot distinguish between abused drugs and certain prescribed medications. The test is intended for prescription point of care use only.

Amphetamine (d amphetamine) 500 ng/ml   
Cocaine (benzoylecgonine) 150 ng/ml   
Methamphetamine (d methamphetamine) 500 ng/ml   
Opiates (morphine) 300 ng/ml   
PCP (phencyclidine) 25 ng/ml   
Barbiturates (Secobarbital) 300 ng/ml   
Benzodiazepines (Oxazepam) 200 ng/ml   
Methadone (Methadone) 300 ng/ml   
Oxycodone (Oxycodone) 100 ng/ml   
THC (Cannabinoids) 50 ng/ml

This test provides only a preliminary test result. A more specific alternate testing method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Other confirmation methods are available. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are observed.

# Similarities and differences to predicate device:

The QuickScreen Drug Screening Test system, Iike many commercially available drug screening test kits, qualitatively measures the presence of target drugs or their metabolites by visual color sandwich one step immunoassay technology. Examples of such predicate devices include the Phamatech QuickScreen At Home Drug Test and the Phamatech QuickScreen Pro Multi Drug Screening Test. All of the above devices rely on the basic immunochemical sandwich assay principle of recognition and formation of specific antibody / target drug / antibody / complexes.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuikStripTMOneStepAmphetamine 500 Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuickScreenTMDrug Screening Test System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) #</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K971218</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K131069</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dip Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated Cup/Dip Card/Cassette</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection ofdrugs of abuse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection ofdrugs of abuse</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral flow Immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral flow Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal / Polyclonal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal / Polyclonal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte'sdetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoffs(ng/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP       500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP       500Cocaine:    150THC:          50Opiates:    300PCP:         25MET:       500BZD:       200Barb:        200MTD:       300OXY        100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ControlFeatures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control LineTest Expired Indicator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control LineTest Expired Indicator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">End User</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Point of Care Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Point of Care Use</td></tr></table>

The QuickScreen Drug Testing System of this current 510(k) is similar to the version cleared in k103295, except for a change in amphetamine cutoff concentration. The cutoff concentration for amphetamine in k103295 was 1000 ng/ml. The cutoff concentration for amphetamine in this current 510(k) is 500 ng/ml. New performance studies for this current 510(k) were only conducted to support a 500ng/ml cutoff concentration for amphetamines. See k103295 for performance of all other analytes: barbiturates, benzodiazepines, cocaine, methadone, methamphetamines, opiates, oxycodone, phencyclidine and THC or their metabolites.

The following laboratory performance studies were performed to determine substantial equivalence of the QuickScreen Drug Screening Test system to the predicate:

Performance of the QuickScreen Drug Screening Test System around the cutoff for amphetamine was evaluated by testing standard drug solutions diluted in drug free urine at 3 sites by 2 technicians in card, cup and cassette formats for a period of 20 days. The results are summarized below.

SENSITIVITY / PRECISION - Summary of all sites   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conc.</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Multi-card</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Cassette</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Cup</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Dipcard</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">211.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">286.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">583.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">878</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1062</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1361</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td></tr></table>

METHOD COMPARISON - The performance of the QuickScreen Drug Screening Test System was evaluated at three locations by typical operators at each site. Operators tested 106 unaltered clinical samples. These samples were blinded and sufficiently randomized. Results were compared to GC/MS testing. Those results are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateDevice Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative:NO DRUG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative&lt;-50%of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative-50% toCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveCutoff to+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi drug dip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickScreenTest Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Test Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>421.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>440.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>454.6</td></tr></table>

Other technical performance tests include:

Assay Cross-reactivity:

The following cross reactivity by structurally related compounds was observed:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration (ng/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Crossreactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norphedrin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;5.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr></table>

Assay Interference from structurally un-related compounds was not observed to concentrations of $1 0 0 \mu { \sf g } / \ m \mu$ .

Effect of Sample pH Samples with amphetamine concentrations of 250, 375, 625 and 750 ng/ml were tested in pH ranges of 4.5 to 8.5. No effect was observed by sample pH within these ranges.

Specific Gravity Effects

Samples with amphetamine concentrations of 250, 375, 625 and 750 ng/ml were tested In specific gravity ranges of 1.002 to 1.040. No effect was observed by sample specific gravity within these ranges.

Conclusion: For the reasons mentioned above, it may be concluded that Phamatech's QuickScreen Drug Test system is substantially equivalent to the predicate.

May 14, 2014

PHAMATECH INC.   
CARL MONGIOVI   
VICE PRESIDENT   
10151 BARNES CANYON RD SAN DIEGO CA 92121

Re: K131069 Trade/Device Name: QuickscreenTM Amphetamine 500 Test Model 9054 (cassette) QuickscreenTM Multi Drug Screening Test Model 9346T Quickscreen™ Drug Cup Model 9346Z QuickscreenT™ Amphetamine 500 Test Model 9058 (dip card) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3100 Regulation Name: Amphetamine tcst system Regulatory Class: 11 Product Code: DKZ Dated: April 10, 2014 Received: April 10. 2014

Dear Mr. Carl Mongiovi:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have dctermined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicale devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments. or to and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may. therefore, market the devicc. subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements or annual registration, listing of devices. good manufacturing practice. labcling. and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, thal device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (sec above) into either class 11 (Special Controls) or class III (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21. Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised thal FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination thal your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements. including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807): labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809): medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

Page 2—Mr. Carl Mongiovi

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labcling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 89). please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-ree number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MediealDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Par 803). please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for thc CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-ree number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/McdicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sinccrely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias. Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICESFood and Drug AdministrationIndications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120Expiration Date: January 31, 2017See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>510(k) Number (if known)k131069</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Device NameQuickScreen Amphetamine 500 Model 9058 (dip card)               QuickScreen Multi Drug Cup Model 9346ZQuickScreen Ampletamine 500 Test Model 9054 (cassette)QuickScreen Multi Drug Screening Test Model 9346T (dip card)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Indications for Use (Describe)QuickScreenTM Amphetamine 500 Test Model 9058 (dip card)The QuickScreen Amphetamine 500 Test Model 9058 is a qualitative in-vitro diagnostic screen that provides aprliay ul he detecin/resenc  Amhetame ne.The uconntrations 0 t sintended for prescription point of care use only.</td></tr></table>

confirme analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferre confirmatory method Csaloul of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are observed.

QuickScreen™ Amphetamine 500 Test Model 9054 (cassette)   
The QuickScreen Amphetamine 500 Test Model 9054 is a qualitative in-vitro diagnostic screen that provides a preliminary result for the detection/presence of Amphetamine in urine. The cut-off concentration is $5 0 0 ~ \eta \mathbf { g } / \mathbf { m } ]$ It is intended for prescription point of care use only.

T conme analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry GC/MS)is the preferred confimatory metho. Cu of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are observed.

QuickScreenTM Multi Drug Screening Test Model 9346T(dip card)

The uicScreenul ee Model34 e ualativ hamecocaiemetheme paycneCP Barbiurtebenzzpine methaone THC eT zepca tgubeebusug nd preimeictshe intended for prescription point of care use only.

Amphetamine (d amphetamine) 500 ng/m!   
Cocaine (benzoylecgonine) 150 ng/ml   
Methamphetamine (d methamphetamine) $5 0 0 \pi g / m !$   
Opiates (morphine) 300 ng/ml   
PCP (phencyclidine) $2 5 n g / \mathrm { m l }$   
Barbiturates (Secobarbital) 300 ng/ml   
Benzodiazepines (Oxazepam) 200 ng/ml   
Methadone (Methadone) 300 ng/ml   
Oxycodone (Oxycodone) 100 ng/ml   
THC (Cannabinoids) 50 ng/ml

confrme analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry GC/MS) is the preferre confirmatory method. sahou of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are observed.

# QuickScreen™M Drug Cup Model 9346Z

The uicScreeDrupMode34s viaos he ualitativetectin he ceheycebriaezehe Tebezepgeu edications.The  is ntendedor preiption point  care s

Amphetamine (d amphetamine) $5 0 0 \ n g / \mathrm { m l }$   
Cocaine (benzoylecgonine) 150 ng/ml   
Methamphetamine (d methamphetamine) 500 ng/ml   
Opiates (morphine) $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m l }$ E   
PCP (phencyclidine) $2 5 \mathrm { \ n g / m l }$   
Barbiturates (Secobarbital) 300 ng/ml   
Benzodiazepines (Oxazepam) 200 ng/ml   
Methadone (Methadone) 300 ng/ml   
Oxycodone (Oxycodone) 100 ng/ml   
THC (Cannabinoids) 50 ng/ml

confrme analytical esult. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry GC/M)i the preferred confirmatory method. of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are observed.

# Denise Johnson-lyles -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND yoUR COMPLEtEd fORM tO thE pRA staFF EmAiL ADDREsS BEloW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average7 hours per response, includin the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."