# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Preparation Date

March 19, 2014

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, Address, and Contact

Lin-Zhi International, Inc. 670 Almanor Avenue Sunnyvale, CA 94085 Phone: (408) 732-3856 Fax: (408) 732-3849 e-mail: bclin@lin-zhi.com

Contact: Bernice Lin, Ph.D. VP Operations

# Device Name and Classification

Classification Name:

Enzyme Immunoassay, Oral Fluid Methamphetamine   
Class II, LAF (91 Toxicology),   
21 CFR 862.3610

Drug Specific Calibrators, Class II, DLJ (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR 862.3200

Drug Specific Controls, Class I, LAS (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR 862.3280

# Common Name:

Proprietary Name:

Homogeneous Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay, LZl Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Calibrators LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Controls

# Legally Marketed Predicate Device(s)

The LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay (k131652) is substantially equivalent to the Lin-Zhi International, Inc. Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay, Calibrators and Controls for Hitachi 717 Systems (k062242) manufactured by Lin-Zhi International, Inc. The LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay is identical or similar to its predicate in terms of intended use, method principle, device components, and clinical performance.

# Device Description

The LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with ready-to-use liquid reagent. The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) for a fixed amount of antibody in the reagent. Enzyme activity decreases upon binding to the antibody, and the drug concentration in the sample is measured in terms of enzyme activity. In the absence of drug in the sample, methamphetamine-labeled G6PDH conjugate is bound to antibody, and the enzyme activity is inhibited.On the other hand, when free drug is present in the sample, antibody would bind to free drug, the unbound methamphetamine-labeled G6PDH then exhibits its maximal enzyme activity. Active enzyme converts nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH, resulting in an absorbance change that can be measured spectrophotometrically at $3 4 0 ~ \mathrm { n m }$ .

The LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay is a kit comprised of two reagents, an $\mathbf { R } _ { 1 }$ and ${ \bf R } _ { 2 }$ which are bottled separately but sold together within the kit.

The $\mathbf { R } _ { 1 }$ solution contains mouse monoclonal anti-methamphetamine antibody, glucose-6- phosphate (G6P) nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD), stabilizers, and sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as a preservative. The ${ \bf R } _ { 2 }$ solution contains glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled with methamphetamine in buffer with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as preservative.

The LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay calibrators and controls designated for use at the ${ 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L } }$ cutoffs contain 0, 20, 37.5, 50, 62.5, 100, and $1 4 0 ~ \mathrm { \mathfrak { n g / m L } }$ of dmethamphetamine in human oral fluid with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as preservative. These five calibrators and two controls are sold as individual bottles.

The LZI Oral Fluid Collector is a ${ 5 0 } \mathrm { m L }$ polypropylene collection tube. It is a non-sterile centrifuge tube with a screw-on cap and printed graduations (United Lab Plastics, Catalog#UP2262).

# Intended Use

The LZl Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of d-methamphetamine in neat human oral fluid, collected into the LZl Oral Fluid Collector, at the cutoff value $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as GCMS and LCMS or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Calibrators are for use as calibrators in the qualitative and semi-quantitative calibration of the LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay at the cutoff value $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Controls are for use as assayed quality control materials to monitor the precision of the LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay at the cutoff value of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas or liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method). Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

The LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay (k131652) is substantially equivalent to the Lin-Zhi International, Inc. Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay, Calibrators and Controls for Hitachi 717 Systems cleared by the FDA under the premarket notification $\mathtt { k 0 6 2 2 4 2 }$ for its stated intended use.

The following table compares LZl's Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassa! (k131652) with the predicate device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device (k131652)LZl Oral Fluid MethamphetamineEnzyme Immunoassay, Calibrators andControls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (k062242)LZI Oral Fluid MethamphetamineEnzyme Immunoassay, Calibrators andControls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LZI Oral Fluid MethamphetamineEnzyme Immunoassay, is intended for thequalitative and semi-quantitativedetermination of d-methamphetamine inneat human oral fluid, collected into theLZI Oral Fluid Collector, at the cutoffvalue 50 ng/mL. The assay is designed forprescription use with a number ofautomated clinical chemistry analyzers.This assay provides a rapid screening procedurefor determining the presence of d-methamphetamine in oral fluid. The assayprovides only a preliminary analytical result. Amore specific alternative chemical method must beused in order to obtain a confirmed analyticalresult. Gas or liquid chromatography/massspectrometry (GC/MS or LCIMS) is the preferredconfirmatory method. Clinical consideration andprofessional judgment should be exercised withany drug of abuse test result, particularly when thepreliminary test result is positive.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Methamphetamine EnzymeImmunoassays for Drugs of Abuse in OralFluid is a homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay system to detectmethamphetamine in human saliva with acutoff of 45 ng/mL when testing oral fluidspecimen collected with Salivettecollector (manufactured by Sarstedt) anddiluted with 1 mL of buffer. Thecalibrators and controls of the analyte (d-methamphetamine) are prepared with oralfluid buffer so that it can be used to verifyand validate the assay. The assay isintended for use in the qualitativedetermination for methamphetamine. Theassay is designed for professional usewith a number of automated clinicalchemistry analyzers.The Oral Fluid Methamphetamine EnzymeImmunoassay is a homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay system provides only a preliminaryanalytical test result. A more specific alternativechemical method must be used to obtain aconfirmed analytical result. Gaschromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is thepreferred confirmatory method. Clinicalconsideration and professional judgment should beapplied to any drug-of-abuse test result,particularly when preliminary positive results areused.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-methamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral fluid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 Levels(0, 20, 50, 100, 140 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 Levels(0, 15, 30, 45, 90 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels(37.5 ng/mL, 62.5 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels(15 ng/mL, 45 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expiration date</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary: Hitachi 717 Analyzer

Semi-Quantitative Positive/Negative Results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Qualitative Positive/Negative Results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Linearity:

Hitachi 717 Instrument: $5 - 1 4 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$   
When using drug-free samples spiked with known amounts of d-methamphetamine and   
comparing the result (y) and target $\{ \mathbf { x } \}$ value, using the least squares regression technique, the   
regression equation and correlation are as follow:   
$\mathbf { y } = 0 . 9 8 3 4 \mathbf { x } \cdot 0 . 9 8 7 4$ , $\boldsymbol { \mathfrak { r } } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 9 3$

# Method Comparison: Clinical Samples

From a total of eighty-five (85) clinical unaltered samples For both Qualitative and Semi-Quantitative results: $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ agreement with positive, $9 5 . 2 \%$ agreement with negative samples

# Endogenous Compound Interference and Specificity - Cross-Reactivity:

No significant undesired cross reactants or endogenous substance interference was observed. See product insert for list of compounds tested.

# Shipping/Recovery Stability Study:

No significant sample degradation occurred following real-time and accelerated stability studies up to 72 hours. All sample shipments are based on the assumption of a 24 hour priority overnight delivery.

# Sample Storage Stability Study:

No significant sample degradation occurred following real-time and accelerated stability studies up to 13 Days. Based on real-time studies, samples can be stored at ${ 2 { - } 8 ~ ^ { \circ } } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 15 Days. Based on the Arrhenius equation, accelerated stability data supports at least 18 months of shelflife storage at ${ \bf - 2 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ Real-time stability studies are on-going.

# Open (and re-capped) vial Stability for Calibrator/Control:

Real time $( 2 \textrm { -- } 8 \textrm { -- } \big )$ and accelerated stability studies (at room temperature and $3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ were carried out for 17 months (508 Days) and results indicated degradation at all three conditions was minimal. Thermal stability data supports at least 18 months of shelf life storage at $2 \cdot 8 ^ { \mathfrak { o } } \mathrm { C }$

# Summary:

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay (k131652) is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its general intended use. Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and physical properties to the commercially available predicate device as confirmed by gas or liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS), an independent analytical method. The information supplied in this pre-market notification provides reasonable assurance that the LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of safety and effectiveness for its stated intended use.

March 21, 2014

LIN-ZHI INTERNATIONAL, INC.BERNICE LIN  
VP OF OPERATIONS  
670 ALMANOR AVE  
SUNNYVALE CA 94085

Re: K131652 Trade/Device Name: LZl Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay, Calibrators, LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Calibrators LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3600 Regulation Name: Methamphetamine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LAF, DLJ, LAS Dated: December 18, 2013 Received: December 23, 2013

Dear Dr. Lin:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

Page 2-—Dr. Lin

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advicc for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Small Manulacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also. pleasc note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Par 80.97). For questions regarding the reporing of adverse events under the MDR regulation 21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDcvices/Safcty/RcportalProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias. Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# lluidMethheamizyasyaluidthhamliraor luidMth

Indications for Use (Describe)

meaetamine inneat humanal fui collece into heLZ Oral Fluid Colecor, a the cuto valu $5 0 \approx 6 / \mathrm { m L }$ . The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

y preliminary test result is positive.

y  i ti qual procedures.

LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay at the cutoff value of 50 ng/mL.

T LZ Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay at the cutoff value of 50 ng/mL.