# Safety and effectiveness as required by 21 CFR 807.92

This summary of the 510K Safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements 21 CFR 807.92

1A. 510(k) Number: K132688 Date of revised Summary Preparation December 11, 2013   
B. Purpose for Submission: New Device (Traditional 510K)

2. Submitter name and address:

Biochemical Diagnostics, Inc. 180 Heartland Blvd Edgewood, NY 11717 Phone: 631-595-9200 Fax: 631-595-9204 SBD #126040

Allen   
Panetz,   
President   
Phone: 631-595-9200 Ext. 3011

# 3. Proprietary and Established Names:

Product trade name: Salivabuse $\pmb { \bigotimes }$ Liquid Oral Fluid Control   
Established Names Include:   
Salivabuse $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Liquid Control Oral   
Fluid Salivabuse $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Liquid Control   
Oral Fluid, AU/NZ

# 4. Regulatory Information:

Classification name: Clinical Toxicology Control Material

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F49            .Product Code-   v,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Sectionwo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel                  &quot;&lt;.1.&#x27;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I, reserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# 5. Substantial Equivalence Information:

# 1. Predicate device A

\$\2}\$ Oratect®Check Saliva/Oral Fluid Controls   
(Positive and Negative)   
\$\fra 2 }\$

# 6a. Device Description:

The Salivabuse $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ multi-constituent and the Salivabuse $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ single constituent controls are designed to provide an estimation of the precision of a device test system, and to detect and monitor systematic deviations from accuracy resulting from reagent or instrument defects. Salivabuse $\otimes$ liquid oral fluid controls are available in Negative, Cutoff $- 6 0 \%$ Cutoff $- 5 0 \%$ , Cutoff $- 3 0 \%$ , Cutoff $- 2 5 \%$ ,Cutoff, Cutoff $+ 2 5 \%$ ,Cutoff $+ 5 0 \%$ , 2X Cutoff and 3X Cutoff levels. Each bottle contains stabilized synthetic oral fluid. Positive controls have been gravimetrically spiked with authentic reference drug standards and/or appropriate metabolites. Negative controls are certified negative by combination of immunoassay, GC/MS and/or LC/MS for the constituents listedon our target sheets. The products contain either sodium azide or a proprietary preservative compatible with products that are adversely affected by sodium azide.

# b. Measurand:

Quality control material for Oral Fluid testing of Amphetamines, Methamphetamines, Cocaine, Benzoylecgonine, Opiates, PCP, Cannabinoids, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, Methadone, Cotinine, and Ethanol

# 7.Intended Use:

The Salivabuse $^ { \textregistered }$ liquid oral fluid controls are intended for in vitro diagnostic use only as quality controls to monitor the precision of laboratory oral fluid toxicology testing procedures for the analytes listed in the package insert. The Salivabuse $\textcircled{8}$ controls are available as multi-constituent and single constituent controls.

# 8. Special conditions for use statement:

Salivabuse $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ liquid oral fluid controls have been designed for in vitro diagnostic use only. They should not be pipetted by mouth and the normal precautions for handling laboratory specimens should be applied. The products contain either sodium azide or a proprietary preservative compatible with products that are adversely affected by sodium azide.

9. Special instrument requirements: None

# 10. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

Similarities and differences between new and predicate devices.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (K103227)Oratect®Check Saliva/Oral FluidControls (Positive and Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device (K132688)Salivabuse® Liquid Oral FluidControl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality control oral fluid to monitorthe performance of laboratorytoxicology screening procedures. Forin vitro diagnostic use only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality control oral fluid to monitor the performanceof laboratory toxicology screening procedures. Forin vitro diagnostic use only:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr></table>

# Differences

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Differences</td></tr><tr><td>Target Drug Levels (See package inserts</td><td>Negative, Cutoff, Cutoff +50%, Cutoff - 50%,</td><td></td><td>Negative, Cutoff -60%, Cutoff +/-50%, -30%, Cutoff +/- 25%, Cutoff, 2X Cutoff, 3X Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td>Matrix</td><td>Synthetic oral fluid</td><td></td><td>Stabilized synthetic oral fluid. Unopened</td></tr><tr><td>Storage Unopened</td><td>Unopened The controls are stable until the expiration date (24 months) when stored at -15°C.</td><td>8°C (refrigerated).</td><td>The controls are stable until the expiration date (12 months) when stored -10°C to -20°C (frozen) or 2°-</td></tr><tr><td>Storage Opened</td><td>Opened The opened vial controls are stable for 7 days stored at 4°C.</td><td>8°C.</td><td>The opened vial controls are stable for 31 days stored at 2-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Analytes</td><td>Amphetamines(Amphetamine), Methamphetamines(Methamphetamine ), Cocaine, Benzoylecgonine, Opiates, PCP, Cannabinoids(THC)</td><td>The same measurands from predicate device K103227 with the additional measurands: Methadone , Cotinine</td></tr></table>

Performance validation studies were conducted using the following methods:

1) GC/MS   
2) LC/MS   
3 Immunoassay Screening (immunoassay analyzers and/or immunoassay single use screening devices)

# 11.: Summary of Stability Studies

# Stability Protocol:

As part ofour ongoing Quality System, Biochemical Diagnostics performs real time and accelerated stability testing on our controls to verify the performance claims in our package inserts.

Multi-Constituent controls were tested, Refrigerated $( 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C )$ , and Frozen (-10 to $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } ,$ . Unopened controls are tested at Time $^ { 6 6 } 0 ^ { 9 }$ and then repeated on freshly opened vials at the end point of study. Opened vial study was conductd byopening vials to removean aliquot  contro tosimulatecustomer usage and samplng the same vial at the end point of the study. At least 3 different vials from three different lots are tested for each temperature condition.

# Protocol - Open Vial $( 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C )$ Stability

Multiple bottles from three lots of individual or multi-constituent Salivabuse $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ controls were pulled from beginning, middle, and end of production, set aside, and unopened bottles were assayed at time of manufacturing and opened bottles again tested at 31 days.

# Protocol - Closed Vial $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathbf { C } )$ Stability

Multiple bottles from three of individual or multi-constituent Salivabuse $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ controls were pulled from beginning, mil, nd en productn aside ndop bottes we assay at temcurig perdically. Sudi engingand sent r ay untepirtion date Refrierateperature nend vial Salivabuse $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ controls was sampled and tested at peroiodically for one year for drugs listed in submission, studies ongoing.

# Protocol - Closed Vial ( ${ \bf \nabla } \cdot { \bf l 0 } ^ { \circ } { \bf C }$ to $\mathbf { \mu } _ { \mathbf { \mu } } - 2 \mathbf { 0 } ^ { \circ } \mathbf { C } )$ Stability

Multiple bottles from three lots of individual or multi-constituent Salivabuse $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ controls were pulled from beginning, middle, and end of production , set aside and frozen within a temperature range of ${ \bf - 1 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ to $\mathrm { \Omega } { \mathfrak { a } } \mathrm { \Omega } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Unopened bottles were sampled and tested at periodically for the first year for, drugs listed in submission, studies ongoing.

# Stability Summary Table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluation Parameter forStability of Product Shelf Life(Temperature)(Open/Closed Vial)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specifications for Real time study..# of vials tests2.length of study3.Conclusion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcceptanceCriteriaPositive controls testpositive and Negativecontrols test negative.Results:Pass / Fail</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refrigerated Temperature(2-8°C) (Open Bottle)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 lots/3 vials each tested2. T-0, 31 days.3. Positive controls tested positive and Negativecontrols tested negative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refrigerated Temperature(2-8°C) (Close Bottle)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1. 3 lots/3 vials each tested for the drugs listed insubmission periodically for 1 year, study ongoing.Positive controls tested positive and Negativecontrols tested negative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen Temperature(-10°C to -20°C) (Close vial)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>I. 3 lots/3 vials each tested for the drugs listed insubmission periodically for 1 year, study ongoing.Positive controls tested positive and Negative controlstested Negative.</td></tr></table>

# Protocol - Open Vial $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ Stability

# Conclusion:

Data supports the 31-day open bottle stability claim at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for all analytes in the lots evaluated. All analytes tested passed specifications, Positive controls tested positive and Negative controls tested negative

# Protocol - Closed Vial $( 2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathbf { C } )$ Stability

# Conclusion:

Al analytes testepass specicationsPosiivecntrols testeposiivean Negativecontrols testeeiv for 1 year for the drugs listed in submission(study ongoing).

# Protocol - Closed Vial ( $\mathbf { \nabla } \cdot \mathbf { 1 0 } \mathbf { \circ } _ { \mathbf { C } }$ to $\mathbf { - 2 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ Stability

# Conclusion:

Multiple studies were conducted using several different lots. Al analytes tested passed speciiations, Posiive contols tested positive and Negative controls tested negative or  year or drug listein subission studes ongoing).

# 12. Summary of Value Assignment

# The following procedure is used for value assignment

a. Assay Methodology used to assign values:

Certified Independent laboratories using the following test methods: GC/MS, LC/MS, Immunoassay analyzers, and single-use FDA cleared drugs of abuse screening devices were used for value assignment to ensure control solutions contain appropriate analyte levels.

b. Value assignment Criteria:

An initial production batch is sampled from the beginning, middle and end of production. Single or multiple samples were analyzed by quantitative GC/MS and/or LC/MS (using SAMHSA licensed laboratories or CAP inspected and certified laboratories), and immunoassay analyzers. The Salivabuse $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ controls were also tested on single-use FDA cleared drugs of abuse screening devices from several manufacturers. Acceptance criteria for immunoassay and single-ue devices was that positive controls test positive and negative product tests negative.

Acceptance criteria for GC/MS or LC/MS at the end of its expiration date was that analytes were within $\pm 2 0 \%$ of arget value. All analytes met the acceptance criteria for the Salivabuse $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ controls.

# 13. Traceability

The controls are manufactured using reference standards supplied by commercial vendors.Accuracy is certifd by purity determination using analytical tools including GC/MS, LC/MS, or NMR. Gravimetric preparation is accomplished using balances calibrated with weights that are traceable to National nstitute of Standards and Technology (NIST).

# 14. Conclusion

Testig resultdicthat he roo devi ustantially equivalenthe redicatevratetC Saliva/Oral Fluid Controls K103227 (Positive and Negative) with the additional measurands: Methadone, Cotinine, Ethanol, Benzodiazepines and Barbiturates.

# December 16, 2013

BIOCHEMICAL DIAGNOSTICS, INC. ALLEN PANETZ   
PRESIDENT   
180 HEARTLAND BLVD.   
EDGEWOOD NY 11717

Re: K132688 Trade/Device Name: Salivabuse® Liquid Oral Fluid Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3280 Regulation Name: Clinical toxicology control material Regulatory Class: I, reserved Product Code: DIF Dated: November 1, 2013 Received: November 8, 2013

Dear Mr. Panetz:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The al nts is equment  l atn devices,go manacturin pracice,abelng, nd prohibitions against isrnd adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies.You must CFR Par 07); labeling (1 CFR Part 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reortig medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements or  he qualystes (Q) rgulation  FR ar 20); and plicble, e electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR1000- 1050.

Page 2-Mr. Panetz

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and please contact the Division f Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 204| or (301) 796-7100 or at its. Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/ndustry/default.htm.Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CR Part 0.9For questions regardin theeportng dverse events nder the MDR regulatin 21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/defauli.htm for the CDRH's Officc of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) .796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www:fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol Benson -Sfor

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Salivabuse Liquid Oral Fluid Control

# PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE- CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.