# 10. 510(K) SUMMARY

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21CFR 807.92.

The Assigned 510(k) number is k132812

Submitter: UCP Biosciences, Inc 1445 Koll Circle, Ste 1 1 1 San Jose, CA 95014 Tel: 408-392-0064 Fax: 408-392-0163

Date: February 25, 2014

Contact Person: Dr. Nancy Chen

Trade Name: UCP Multi-Drug Test Key Cups

Common Name:

Amphetamine Test System   
Methamphetamine Test System   
Cocaine Test System   
Barbiturate Test System   
Benzodiazepine Test System   
Buprenorphine Test System   
Methamphetamine Test System (MDMA)   
Opiates Test System   
Methadone Test System   
Opiates Test System (Oxycodone)   
Unclassified Test System (Enzyme Immunoassay Phencyclidine)   
Cannabinoid Test System   
Propoxyphene Test System   
Tricyclic Antidepressant Test System

Produet Code: DKZ, DIO, DIS, JXM, DJC, DJR, DJG, LCM, LDJ, LFG, JXN

# Regulation Section:

CFR 2 $1 \ S \ 8 6 2 . 3 1 0 0$   
CFR 21 $\ S$ 862.3150   
CFR 21 $\ S .$ 862.3170   
CFR 21 $\ S 8 6 2 . 3 2 5 0$   
CFR 21 $\ S 8 6 2 . 3 6 1 0$   
CFR 21 $\ S 8 6 2 . 3 6 2 0$

# Panel:

Toxicology (91)

Device Classification: II

Substantially Equivalent Devices:

UCP Home™M Drug Screening Test Cups (k130463)

# Product Description:

UCP Multi-Drug Test Key Cups are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitatively the detection of Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiapines, Buprenorphine, Cocaines, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, MDMA, Methadone, Opiates, Opiates 300, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Propoxyphene, Tricyclic Antidepressants at the cut-off levels as indicated. The tests can be performed without the use of an instrument.

# Indications For Use:

# UCP Multi-Drug Test Key Cups:

The UCP Multi-Drug Test Key Cups are rapid tests for preliminary detection of the following drugs in human urine:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrated to</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barbiturates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepines</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Marijuana</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delta-9-THC-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Opiates 2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tricyclic Antidepressant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

The test configuration comes with a single drug screening test or any combinations of multiple drug screening tests. The test is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) users as the first step in a two step process to provide consumers with information concerning the presence or absence of the above stated drugs in a urine sample. The second step is to send preliminary positive samples for confirmation testing by GCMS.

The test is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of the following drugs: Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, Buprenorphine, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene, Tricyclic Antidepressants.

There are no uniformly recognized cutoff concentration levels for Barbiturate, Benzodiazepines, Buprenorphine, Oxycodone, Propxyphene, Tricyclic Antidepressant in urine.

Clinical considerations and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test results, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

For Over-The-Counter (OTC) use For In Vitro Diagnostics only

# Comparison to Predicate Devices:

When compared to the predicates, UCP Multi-Drug Test Key Cups can qualitatively detect Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepine, Buprenorphine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methadone, Methamphetamine, MDMA, Morphine, Opaites 2000, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Propoxyphene, Tricyclic Antidepressant in human urine. Both devices utilize the same cutoff concentrations. Both devices are immunochromatographic, lateral flow assays for the qualitative detection of drugs with visual, qualitative end results. Both tests are intended to provide preliminary analytical test results. Both devices are intended for prescription use and for OTC consumers use. UCP Multi-Drug Test Key Cups are required a key to activate the tests, whereas the tests in the predicates can be automatically activated while urine specimen is applied into the test cup without requiring a key.

# Safety and Effectiveness Data:

# Accuracy Studies:

The study design and protocol in the comparison study of using a series of patient specimens is the same as that described in k072062, k091588, k110515, k122419, k130463, k131811. The performance of the candidate devices was compared to the predicate devices in k130463 by using the clinical samples. Total 80 clinical urine samples per one drug test were included in the comparison study. The clinical samples were obtained from the reference laboratories, all clinical urine samples including drug negative urine samples and drug positive urine samples were tested by the reference method GC/MS, except TCA. The TCA positive urine samples were tested by HPLC method. For each drug test, at least $10 \%$ clinical samples contain drug concentrations between $50 \%$ below the cutoff level and the cutoff level, and at least $10 \%$ clinical urine samples contain drug concentrations between the cutoff level and $50 \%$ above the cutoff level. The testing results have demonstrated that $100 \%$ agreements between the candidate device and the predicate device, over $9 7 . 5 \%$ agreement between the candidate devices and the reference method GC/MS in the comparison study by using clinical urine specimens

# Consumer Studies

The study design and protocol in the consumer study of UCP Multi-Drug Test Key Cups is the same as that described in k091588, k110515, k122419, k130463, k131811 was conducted among 115 lay persons in three geographic regions. Fifty seven females and fifty eight males from ages between 18 and 77 years have participated the study. Fifty seven participants had high school education or less, fifty eight participants had finished college courses. None of the participants had experiences using drug testing products before. The urine samples were prepared to contain strong negative $0 \%$ of cutoff), a very weak negative $50 \%$ of cutoff), a weak negative $7 5 \%$ of cutoff), a very weak positive ( $12 5 \%$ of cutoff), a weak positive ( $1 5 0 \%$ of cutoff) and high positive $3 0 0 \%$ of Cutoff). The urine samples with various drug concentrations were prepared by spiking pure drugs or drug metabolites into drug free human urine, the final drug concentrations in each urine sample were confirmed by GC/MS but TCA, TCA concentrations in the urine samples was confirmed by HPLC. The test results performed by the lay users showed $9 7 \%$ or above agreement rate with GC/MS results and indicate the lay users can perform UCP Multi-Drug Tests satisfactorily by following the test instruction. The post-study survey was conducted to determine if the lay users can understand the test instruction, the meaning of the test results and how to interpret the test results. Consumers were asked 9 questions including whether the test was easy to run, the results was easy to read, how to interpret the test results, importance of confirmatory test and some medicines and foods may affect the test results. Participant responses support that the lay users can understand how to run the test, interpret the test results, the importance of confirmatory test, and some issues concerning certain prescription medicines and foods may affect the test results.

# Other Information about Performance Characteristics:

The performance characteristics of UCP Multi-Drug Test Key Cups including the precision study, sensitivity study, specificity and cross reactivity study, interference study and stability study have been also established. The results have demonstrated that UCP Multi-Drug Test Key Cups performs satisfactorily when used according to the package inserts.

# Conclusion:

The performance data in this submission supports UCP Multi-Drug Test Key Cups are y euan te ec  C Ho Sce  Cu (k130463).

UCP BIOSCIENCES, INC. NANCy CHEN 1445 KOLL CIRCLE, STE. 111 SAN JOSE CA 95112

Re: K132812 Trade/Device Name: UCP Multi-Drug Test Key Cups Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3100 Regulation Name: Amphetamine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DKZ, DIO, DIS, JXM, DJC, DJR, DJG, LCM, LDJ, LFG, JXN Dated: February 18, 2014 Received: February 19, 2014

Dear Dr. Chen:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced aboveand havedetermine the device is substantially equivalent (or the ndicaions for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm. for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courthey HLias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td></td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement on last page.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K132812</td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>UCP Multi-Drug Test Key Cups</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use (Describe) The UCMulD T yups     en e  :</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Test Calibrated to Cut-off Amphetamine D-Amphetamine</td></tr><tr><td>1000 ng/mL Barbiturates</td></tr><tr><td>Secobarbital 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines Oxazepam 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine Buprenorphine 10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine Benzoylecgonine 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana Delta-9-THC-COOH 50 ng/mL Methadone</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine D-Methamphetamine 1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>MDMA MDMA 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine Morphine 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Opiates 2000 Morphine 2000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone Oxycodone 100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine Phencyclidine 25 ng/mL Propoxyphene Propoxyphene 300 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

T confirmation testing by GCMS.

Buprenorphine, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene, Tricyclic Antidepressants .

T zv   uO Propxyphene, Tricyclic Antidepressant in urine.

positive results are indicated.

# Avis T. Danishefsky -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

The burden time orhis colection information isstated toverage7hours per response, incudge time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OM8 number."