Biophor Diagnostics, inc. Traditional Premarket Notification $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC

# 510(k) Summary for the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

The assigned 510(k) number is: K132096

# Contact Information

Name: Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Address: 1201 Douglas Avenue Redwood City, CA 94063

OCT 1 8 2013

Contact: Nathaniel G. Butlin, Ph.D. Phone: 650-367-4954 Fax: 650-364-4985 Email: nbutlin@biophor.com

# Device Name, Common Name and Classification

RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC (Enzyme Immunoassay for Tetrahydrocannbinol) RapidFRET Oral Fluid Calibrator Set (Clinical Toxicology Calibrator) RapidFRET Oral Fluid Control Set (Drug Mixture Control Materials)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 - Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral Fluid Calibrator Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 - Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral Fluid Control Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91- Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# Identification of Legally Marketed Predicate Devices

Thermo Scientific CEDIA® Cannabinoids (THC) OFT Assay (k101744).

# Device Description

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay or THC is an In Vitro Diagnostic competitiv mmunssy used to detect THC in human oral fluid. This is a ready-to-use homogenous system that involves energy transfer between an acceptor fluorophore labeled to an antibody and a donor fluorophore labeled to drug. The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the donor fluorophore for a fixed number of binding sites on the antibody reagent. When acceptor and donor fluorophores are brought into close proximity through a binding event, energy transfer occurs. The fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) signal is measured at the wavelength of the acceptor fluorophore and is inversely proportional to the amount of drug in the sample. A Cutoff Calibrator is

# Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC

used to translate the sample measurement into a positive or negative result. Controls are used to establish and monitor precision and accuracy.

# Intended Use

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC is a homogeneous time-resolved fluorescence assay that is intended for prescription use in central laboratories only on the RapidFRET Integrated Workstation. The assay is used to perform a qualitative screen for Tetrahydrocannabinol at 4 ng/mL in neat oral fluid samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. This assay provides only a preliminary result. To obtain a confirmed analytical result, a more specific alternate chemical method such as GC/MS or LC/MS/MS is required. Professional jument should be applied to any drug test result, particularly when using prelmnary positive results. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid THC Calibrator Set and RapidFRET Oral Fluid THC Control Set are intended for use only with theRapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC and samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. The cutoff calibrator is used to determine the cutoff level and translate the assay measurement into a positive or negative result. The positive and negative controls are used to monitor laboratory systems, operators, precision, accuracy and assay conditions. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateRapidFRET THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateThermo THC (k101744</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative determination oftetrahydrocannabinol(cannabinoid family) in humanoral fluid.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogeneous competitiveimmunoassay.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 THC specific antibody reagentin liquid, ready to use format.1 THC drug conjugate reagent inliquid, ready to use format.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 THC specific antibody reagent(marketed in combination as alyophilized reagent andreconstitution buffer).1 THC drug conjugate reagent(marketed in combination as alyophilized reagent andreconstitution buffer).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neat Oral FluidCutoff Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 ng/mL neat oral fluid.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 ng/mL neat oral fluid.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET IntegratedWorkstation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MGC240 analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Collection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neat oral fluid is collected withthe RapidEASE Oral Fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral fluid is collected with theOral-Eze Saliva Collection</td></tr></table>

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateRapidFRET THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateThermo THC (k101744</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Collector via directexpectoration. No diluent isused and sample is stored inglass sample tube with inertscrew cap.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System. This device uses anabsorbent swab and diluent.Sample is stored in plastic tubewith snap cap.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principle andProcedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drugs in the oral fluid samplecompete with the THCconjugate donor fluorophore fora fixed number of binding siteson the individual drug antibodyacceptor reagents. Whenacceptor and donorfluorophores are brought intoclose proximity, through thebinding event, fluorescentenergy transfer is measured.The amount of drug in thespecimen sample is inverselyproportional to the assay signalas measured by time resolvedfluorescence.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assay is based on thesample analytes competing withanalyte conjugates to oneinactive fragment of β-galactosidase for antibodybinding sites.The amount of drug in thespecimen is inverselyproportional to the assay signalas measured by absorbance.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls andCalibrator Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators are available at 0ng/mL and 4 ng/mL. Controlsare available at 2 ng/mL and 6ng/mL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators are available at Ong/mL, 1 ng/mL, and 10 ng/mL.</td></tr></table>

# Brief Description of Study Data:

A series of studies were performed that evaluated the device performance characteristics including precision and analytical sensitivity, correlation with GC/MS and LC/MS/MS, cross reactivity, and analytical specificity that are summarized below.

# Precision and Analytical Sensitivity

Three lots of the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC were analyzed, four times daily, for a minimum of 20 days. Negative oral fluid pools were spiked with THC at $0 \% , 2 5 \% , 5 0 \% , 7 5 \% ,$ $100 \%$ . $12 5 \%$ , $1 5 0 \%$ $12 5 \%$ and $200 \%$ of the cutoff level corresponding to approximately 0, 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0, 7.0 and $8 . 0 \ n g / \mathrm { m L }$ The aggregate data is summarized in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>259</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>259</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td></tr></table>

# Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification $5 1 0 ( k )$ Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>259</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td></tr></table>

The data indicate that the analytical sensitivity is between $7 5 \%$ and $12 5 \%$ of cutoff, and expected results were achieved at a $5 9 7 \%$ frequency.

# Correlation with MS

Neat oral fluid was collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collection Device from volunteers potentially positive and negative for THC. The samples $\{ n = 2 3 6 \}$ were randomized and blinded to the instrument operator and assayed using RapidFRET THC reagents. Following screening, positive and negative samples were sent for confirmatory testing. The summarized data are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MS POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MS NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2\frac}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%</td></tr></table>

\*Samples contained 3.4 and 3.7 ng/mL THC. "Samples contained 4.5 and 4.6 ng/mL THC.

The data indicate that the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC was accurate $5 9 8 \%$ of the time in neat oral fluid samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector.

# Cross Reactivity and Analytical Specificity

A compound library of 167 different structurally related and unrelated compounds including metabolites, OTC and prescription medications and drugs of abuse was used to evaluate the device cross reactivity and specificity. Compounds were spiked at $\mathbf { 3 0 , 0 0 0 n g / m L }$ into neat oral fluid pool aliquots with $0 \mathrm { n g / m L } , 2 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $6 \times 8 / m L$ THC, processed with the RapidEASE Collector, and tested with the RapidFRET THC assay. Those compounds that gave an unexpected result were further titrated to determine the concentration at which the cross-reacting compound yielded a result approximately equivalent to the cutoff. Six structurally related compounds were determined to cross-react below $\mathbf { 1 0 , 0 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ in the absence of THC.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% THCt(0 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% THCt(2 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% THCt(6 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Structurally Related Compounds That Cross React In Neat Oral Fluid.Pool with O ng/ml THC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Hydroxy-d9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 [40%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,400 [0.6%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 [50%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d8-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46 [8.7%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d8-THC Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 [100%}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

# Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification $5 1 0 ( k )$ Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% THCt(0 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% THCt(2 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% THCt(6 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Structurally Related Compounds That Cross React in Neat Oral Fluid Pool with 0 ng/mL THC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d9-THC Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 [67%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

tResults are presented as either the RapidFRET THC screening result (POS / NEG) or the concentration in ng/ml of the cross-reactant that gives a Cutoff equivalent response. Values in square brackets represent percent cross reactivity.

A second study evaluated common substances such as foods and dental products as well as pH variations. HSA, ethanol, baking soda, whole blood, hemoglobin, hydrogen peroxide, sodium chloride, cholesterol, denture adhesive, ascorbic acid, bilirubin, IgA, IgG and IgM were spiked into neat oral fluid pool aliquots that contained either $2 n \geq / m L$ or $6 n \times 1 m l$ of THC. Neat oral fluid pool was titrated to pH values of 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, spiked with THC to 2 ng/ml or $6 n \times 1 m L$ and assayed with the RapidFRET THC Assay. The effects of antiseptic mouthwash, cough syrup, cranberry juice, orange juice, tooth paste, chewing tobacco, cigarettes, chewing gum, hard candy, teeth whitening strips, cola, water, antacid, coffee and tea were evaluated by asking volunteers to use a specific item and provide an oral fluid sample. These samples were then spiked with THC to $2 n \geq / m L$ or $6 \times 8 / m L$ , processed with a RapidEASE Collector and assayed with the RapidFRET THC assay. All compounds at the listed concentrations gave a NEG result when spiked with 2 ng/mL THC and a POS result when spike with 6 ng/mL THC.

# Conclusions

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC including the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Negative and Cutoff Calibrators, the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Negative and Positive Controls and the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector were determined to be safe and effective for their intended use.

BIOPHOR DIAGNOSTICS, INC. c/o Nathaniel Butlin, Ph.D. 1201 Douglas Ave REDWOOD CITY CA 94063

Re: K132096 Trade/Device Name: RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for THC RapidFRET Oral Fluid Calibrator Set RapidFRET Oral Fluid Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3870 Regulation Name: Cannabinoid test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LDJ, DKB, DIF Dated: September 10, 2013 Received: September 27, 2013

Dear Dr. Butlin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not micleadina

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intemet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part n CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carolenson -S for

Enclosure

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Indications for Use (Describe)

$4 n g / m L$   
  
Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

n