Re: K133047

Trade/Device Name: RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA RapidFRET Oral Fluid MDMA Calibrator Set RapidFRET Oral Fluid MDMA Control Set   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3610   
Regulation Name: Methamphetamine test system   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: LAF, DLJ, DIF   
Dated: November 18, 2014   
Received: November 19, 2014

Dear Dr. Nathaniel Butlin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k133047

Device Name RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA RapdFRET Oral Fluid MDMA Calibrator Set RapidFRET Oral Fluid MDMA Control Set

Indications for Use (Describe)

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA is a homogeneous time-resolved fluorescence assay that is intended for prescription use in central laboratories only on the RapidFRET Integrated Workstation. The assay is used to perform a qualitative screen for Methylenedioxymethamphetamine at $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in neat oral fluid samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. This assay provides only a preliminary result. To obtain a confirmed analytical result, a more specific alternate chemical method such as GC/MS or LC/MS/MS is required. Professional judgment should be applied to any drug test result, particularly when using preliminary positive results. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid MDMA Calibrator Set and RapidFRET Oral Fluid MDMA Control Set are intended for use only with the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA and samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. The cutoff calibrator is used to determine the cutoff level and translate the assay measurement into a positive or negative result. The positive and negative controls are used to monitor laboratory systems, operators, precision, accuracy and assay conditions. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA

# 510(k) Summary for the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA

December 15, 2014

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

The assigned 510(k) number is: k133047

# 807.92(a)(1): Contact Information

Name: Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Address: 1201 Douglas Avenue Redwood City, CA 94063

Contact: Nathaniel G. Butlin, Ph.D. Phone: 650-367-4954 Fax: 650-364-4985

# 807.92(a)(2): Device Name, Common Name and Classification

RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA (Enzyme Immunoassay for Methylenedioxymethamphetamine) RapidFRET Oral Fluid MDMA Calibrator Set (Clinical Toxicology Calibrator) RapidFRET Oral Fluid MDMA Control Set (Drug Mixture Control Materials)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 - Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral Fluid MDMA Calibrator Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DLJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 - Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral Fluid MDMA Control Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91- Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# 807.92(a)(3): Identification of Legally Marketed Predicate Devices

CEDIA Methamphetamine OFT Assay and CEDIA Methamphetamine OFT Calibrators (k101753) Salivabuse Liquid Oral Fluid Control (k132688)

# 807.92(a)(4): Device Description

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA is an In Vitro Diagnostic competitive immunoassay used to detect MDMA in human oral fluid. This is a ready-to-use homogenous system that involves energy transfer between an acceptor fluorophore labeled to an antibody and a donor fluorophore labeled to drug. The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the donor fluorophore for a fixed number of binding sites on the antibody reagent. When acceptor and donor fluorophores are brought into close proximity through a binding event, energy transfer occurs. The fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) signal is measured at the wavelength of the acceptor fluorophore and is inversely proportional to the amount of drug in the sample. A Cutoff

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA

Calibrator is used to translate the sample measurement into a positive or negative result. Controls are used to establish and monitor precision and accuracy.

# 807.92(a)(5): Intended Use

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA is a homogeneous time-resolved fluorescence assay that is intended for prescription use in central laboratories only on the RapidFRET Integrated   
Workstation. The assay is used to perform a qualitative screen for   
Methylenedioxymethamphetamine at $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in neat oral fluid samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. This assay provides only a preliminary result. To obtain a confirmed analytical result, a more specific alternate chemical method such as GC/MS or LC/MS/MS is required. Professional judgment should be applied to any drug test result, particularly when using preliminary positive results. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid MDMA Calibrator Set and RapidFRET Oral Fluid MDMA Control Set are intended for use only with the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA and samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. The cutoff calibrator is used to determine the cutoff level and translate the assay measurement into a positive or negative result. The positive and negative controls are used to monitor laboratory systems, operators, precision, accuracy and assay conditions. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

807.92(a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate   

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Item</td><td>Predicate CEDIA Methamphetamine OFT assay</td><td>Device RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for</td></tr><tr><td>and CEDIA Methamphetamine OFT</td><td>MDMA and RapidFRET Oral</td></tr><tr><td>Calibrators k101753 Assay: Qualitative detection of</td><td>Fluid MDMA Calibrator Set k133047</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>methamphetamine based analyte in neat oral fluid. Calibrators: Calibration of d- methamphetamine for assay system</td><td>Same except analyte is MDMA</td></tr><tr><td>Methodology</td><td>Homogenous competitive immunoassay</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Kit Components</td><td>1 specific antibody reagent and 1 drug conjugate reagent</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateCEDIA Methamphetamine OFTassay and CEDIAMethamphetamine OFTCalibratorsk101753</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceRapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay forMDMA and RapidFRET Oral FluidMDMA Calibrator Setk133047</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Collection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral fluid is collected with theOral-Eze Saliva Collection System.This device uses an absorbentswab and diluent. Sample isstored in plastic tube with snapcap.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neat oral fluid is collected withthe RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collectorvia direct expectoration. Nodiluent is used and sample isstored in glass sample tube withinert screw cap.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neat Oral FluidCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 ng/mL neat oral fluid using a40 ng/mL cutoff calibrator toaccount for sample dilution bycollection device.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL neat oral fluid.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MGC 240 Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Integrated Workstationfrom Biophor Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized reagent withreconstitution buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, ready to use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators at 0, 40, and 200ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators at 0 and 50 ng/mL.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateSalivabuse Liquid Oral Fluid Controlk132688</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceRapidFRET Oral Fluid MDMAControl Setk133047</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality control material for oral fluiddrugs of abuse assays to monitorsystem performance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative, -60% cutoff, ±50% cutoff, -30% cutoff, ±25% cutoff, 2X cutoff,and 3x cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL and 75 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple drugs of abuse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf: 12 months frozen orrefrigeratedOpen: 31 days refrigerated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf: 12 months refrigeratedOpen: 30 days refrigerated</td></tr></table>

# 807.92(b)(1): Brief Description of Study Data:

A series of studies were performed that evaluated the device performance characteristics including precision and analytical sensitivity, correlation with GC/MS and LC/MS/MS, cross reactivity, and

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA

analytical specificity that are summarized below.

# Precision and Analytical Sensitivity

Three lots of the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA were analyzed, four times daily, for a minimum of 20 days. Negative oral fluid pools were spiked with MDMA at $0 \%$ , $2 5 \%$ , $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ , $100 \%$ , $12 5 \%$ , $1 5 0 \%$ , $17 5 \%$ and $200 \%$ of the cutoff level corresponding to approximately 0, 12.5, 25, 37.5, 50, 62.5, 75, 87.5 and $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The aggregate data is summarized in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278</td></tr></table>

The data indicate that the analytical sensitivity is between $7 5 \%$ and $12 5 \%$ of cutoff, and expected results were achieved at a $100 \%$ frequency.

# Correlation with MS Quantitation

Neat oral fluid was collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collection Device from volunteers potentially positive and negative for MDMA. The samples $\scriptstyle ( n = 3 2 5 )$ ) were randomized and blinded to the instrument operator and assayed using RapidFRET MDMA reagents. Following screening, positive and negative samples were sent for confirmatory testing. The summarized data are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 325</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MS POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MS NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%</td></tr></table>

† Samples contained compounds at concentrations that are known to cross react including d-methamphetamine, l- methamphetamine, damphetamine, l-amphetamine, 4-Methylethcathionone $( 4$ -MEC) and Methylone.

The data indicate that the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA was accurate $9 9 \%$ of the time in neat oral fluid samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector.

# Cross Reactivity and Analytical Specificity

A compound library of more than 170 different structurally related and unrelated compounds including metabolites, OTC and prescription medications and drugs of abuse was used to evaluate the device cross reactivity and specificity. Compounds were spiked at $3 0 { , } 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ into neat oral fluid pool aliquots with $0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , 25 ng/mL and $7 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ MDMA, processed with the RapidEASE Collector, and tested with the RapidFRET MDMA assay. Those compounds that gave an unexpected result were further titrated to determine the concentration at which the cross-reacting compound yielded a result approximately equivalent to the cutoff. Twenty nine structurally related compounds were determined to cross-react below $3 0 { , } 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in the absence of MDMA with twelve cross-reacting at $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or less. An additional four compounds were determined to cross react below $3 0 { , } 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in the presence of $2 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ MDMA.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% MDMA†(0 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% MDMA†(25 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% MDMA†(75 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Structurally Related Compounds That Cross React in Neat Oral Fluid Pool with 0 ng/mL MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluid Pool with 0 ng</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9000 [0.6%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(R, 2R) Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2800 [1.8%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1900 [2.6%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodioxolylbutanamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390 [13%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenethylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15,500 [0.3%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16,900 [0.2%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4800 [1.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,I-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,500 [0.7%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,I-Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11,000 [0.5%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1200 [4.2%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11,000 [0.5%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenfluramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37 [135%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26,000 [0.2%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoxsuprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 [50%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2100 [2.4%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 [56%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16,600 [0.3%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MBDB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42 [119%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130 [38%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 [125%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Methylethcathinone (4-MEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7,839 [0.6%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mephentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 [42%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,783 [1.3%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23,100 [0.2%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 [5%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350 [14%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PMMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 [128%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrobupropion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>460 [10.9%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verapamil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,800 [2.7%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Structurally Related Compounds That Cross React in Neat Oral Fluid Pool with 25 ng/mL MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluid Pool with 25n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/—) Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;20,000 [&lt; 0.3%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10,000 [&lt; 0.5%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,000 [1.3%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buproprion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;20,000 [&lt; 0.3%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA

(1) ND – Not Determined. †Results are presented as either the RapidFRET MDMA screening result (POS / NEG) or the concentration in ng/mL of the cross-reactant that gives a Cutoff equivalent response.

A second study evaluated common substances such as foods and dental products as well as pH variations. HSA, ethanol, baking soda, whole blood, hemoglobin, hydrogen peroxide, sodium chloride, cholesterol, denture adhesive, ascorbic acid, bilirubin, IgA, IgG and IgM were spiked into neat oral fluid pool aliquots that contained either $2 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $7 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ of MDMA. Neat oral fluid pool was titrated to pH values of 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, spiked with MDMA to $2 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $7 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ and assayed with the RapidFRET MDMA Assay. The effects of antiseptic mouthwash, cough syrup, cranberry juice, orange juice, tooth paste, chewing tobacco, cigarettes, chewing gum, hard candy, teeth whitening strips, cola, water, antacid, coffee and tea were evaluated by asking volunteers to use a specific item and provide an oral fluid sample. These samples were then spiked with MDMA to $2 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $7 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ , processed with a RapidEASE Collector and assayed with the RapidFRET MDMA device. All compounds at the listed concentrations gave a NEG result when spiked with 25 $\mathsf { n g / m l }$ MDMA and a POS result when spike with $7 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ MDMA.

# 807.92(b)(3): Conclusions

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for MDMA including the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Negative and Cutoff MDMA Calibrators, the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Negative and Positive MDMA Controls and the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector were determined to be safe and effective for their intended use.