# FEB 2 5 2010 K 133968

# SUMMARY

1. Date the summary was prepared:

February 11, 2014

2Submitter's name:

Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech Co., Ltd. Address: South China University of Technology Guangzhou, P.R. China 510641 012-86-20-32296069

# Phone:

Name of contact person:

Joe Shia   
LSI International Inc.   
504 East Diamond Ave., Suite F   
Gaithersburg, MD 20877 Telephone: 240-505-7880 Fax: 301-916-6213

3. Name of the device

Common or usual name:

Trade or proprietary name:

Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel

Classiaton:Allassmecal vis wih heollowng vrs pc ces wih o Regulation references:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DKZAmphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3100, AmphetamineTest System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LDJCannabinoids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3870, CannabinoidsTest System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DIOCocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3250, Cocaine andCocaine Metabolites Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAFMethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAFMethylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJGMorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3650, MorphineTest System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BuprenorphineDJG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3650, Opiate testsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JXMOxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3170,Benzodiazepine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJGOxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3650, Opiate TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCMPhencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unclassified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme ImmunoassayPhencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DISSecobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3150, BarbiturateTest System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJRMethadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3620,Methadone Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td>LFG Notriptyline</td><td>I</td><td>21 CFR § 862.3910, Tricyclic antidepressant drug Test System</td><td>Toxicology (91)</td></tr></table>

4. Description of the device:

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine, Oxycodone Buprenorphine, Methadone and Notriptyline in human urine samples. Wondfo Multi-Drug devices detect each of analytes on different strips. A positive urine sample wilnot generate a colored-line for the specific drug tested in the designated region. A negative urine specimen or a urine sample containing Amphetamine, Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphin Phencyclidine, Oxycodone, Buprenorphine, Methadone and Notriptyline at the concentration below the designated cutoff levls will generate a colored line in the designated test region or the . To serve as a procedural control, a color line will always appear at the control region.

5. Intended use of the device:

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine, Oxycodone, Buprenorphine, Methadone and Notriptyline in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug(Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-offlevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine(AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 or 2000ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Notriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/Ms or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs buprenorphine, oxazepam, oxycodone, and secobarbital when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

6. Comparison to the predicate device   
Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel are a "modified" product   
formatderived from the previously FDA-cleared Wondfo single DOA Tests. A summary comparison of   
features of the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel and the   
predicate devices is provided in the following Table

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item   AE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate devices(K112071)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s) foruse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination of Amphetamine(AMP), Secobarbital (BAR), Oxazepam (BZO),Cocaine (COC), Cannabinoids (THC),Methamphetamine (MET),Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA),Morphine (MOP), Phencyclidine (PCP),Oxycodone(OXY), Buprenorphine (BUP),Methadone (MTD) and/or Notriptyline (TCA) inhuman urine.The configurations of the New Devices areavailable in any combination of the above tests.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination ofCocaine (COC), orMethamphetamine (MET), inhuman urine.The configurations of the Predicatedevices areonly available in single drug test.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive      binding,      lateral      flowimmunochromatographic assays based on theprinciple of antigen antibody immunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type Of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoassay principles that rely on antigen-antibody interactions to indicate positive ornegative result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP): 1,000 ng/mlSecobarbital(BAR): 300 ng/mlOxazepam (BZO):300 ng/mlCocaine(COC): 300 ng/mlCannabinoids (THC):50 ng/mlMethamphetamine (MET): 1,000 ng/mlMethylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA): 500ng/mlMorphine (MOP): 300 ng/mlPhencyclidine (PCP): 25 ng/mlOxycodone(OXY) : 100 ng/mlBuprenorphine (BUP): 10 ng/mlMethadone (MTD): 300 ng/mLNotriptyline (TCA): 1000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup, dip card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OTC Use &amp; Prescription Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup is a multi-drug test that offers any combination from 2 to 13 drugs of abuse tests while the predicate devices are single-drug test. And the Wondfo MultiDrug Urine Test Panel is the same as the test dip card format of the predicate devices except that the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel is a multi-drug test that offers any combination from 2 to 13 drugs of abuse tests while the predicate devices are single-drug test.

# 7. Performance Characteristics

Clearance of candidate device is for combining various individual drug tests into a multi-drug test.   
Analytical performance was established for each device in the submissions as stated below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug(Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(K) #</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine(AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K121987</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K121987</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K121987</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K112071</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K121557</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K112071</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K112236</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K112236</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine 2000 (OPI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K112310</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K112395</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K113624</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K113624 and K130055</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K112310</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Notriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K112395</td></tr></table>

# 8. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and performance characteristics of the device, it's concluded that Wono Mult-DrgUriest Cup nd WonMultDrug Uriest nel re bstanally uivalent e predicate.

GUANGZHOU WONDFO BIOTECH CO., LTD. C/O JOE SHIA   
504 EAST DIAMOND AVE.   
SUITE F   
GAITHERSBURG MD 20878

Re: K133968 Trade/Device Name: Wondfo Multi-drug Urine Test Cup, Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3100 Regulation Name: Amphetamine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DKZ, DIS, JXM, DIO, LAF, LDJ, JXM, DJG, LFG, LCM, DJR Dated: January 21, 2014 Received: January 27, 2014

Dear Mr. Shia:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, ad Cosmetic Act (Act) that o not require approval  a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore market the device, subject othe general controls provisions of the Act.The geral controls provisions o theAct include requirements or annual egistration, listig o devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

yrdev  css eboveintoither cass pcl ontor cass  MA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be fod in e Code Federal Regulations, Tite  art 00 to In dition, Fy publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2Mr. Shia

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internct address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biomctrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or al its Internet address htp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourccsforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Enclosure

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Hcalth   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k133968

Device Name: Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel

Indication For Use:

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine, Oxycodone, Buprenorphine, Methadone and Notriptyline in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug(Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine(AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphelamine MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300/ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Notriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Configuration of the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs buprenorphine, oxazepam, oxycodone, and secobarbital when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

Prescription Use _X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

And/Or

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

510(k): k133968

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known):k133968

# Device Name: Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel

Indication For Use:

Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine, Oxycodone, Buprenorphine, Methadone and Notriptyline in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug(Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-offlevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine(AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphelamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300/ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Notriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the Wondfo Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific altermative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs buprenorphine, oxazepam, oxycodone, and secobarbital when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

Prescription Use X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

And/Or

Over the Counter Use _X. (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

510(k)_k133968