# FEB 2 1 2014

# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, Address, and Contact

Lin-Zhi International, Inc. 670 Almanor Avenue Sunnyvale, CA 94085 Phone: (408) 732-3856 Fax: (408) 732-3849 e-mail: bclin@lin-zhi.com

Contact: Bernice Lin. Ph.D. VP Operations

# Submission Date

February 21, 2014

# Multi-calibrator Set A, B, and C Device Name and Classification

Multi-calibrator Set A:

Classification Name:

Drug Mixture Calibrator Materials Class II, DKB (91 Toxicology). 21 CFR862.3200

Common Name:

Benzoylecgonine, Methamphetamine, Methadone, and 6- acetylmorphine Calibrators

Proprietary Name:

LZI Multiple Analyte Set A Drugs of Abuse Calibrators

Classification Name:

Drug Mixture Control Materials Class I, DIF (91 Toxicology). 21 CFR 862.3280

Common Name:

Benzoylecgonine, Methamphetamine, Methadone, and 6- acetylmorphine Controls

Proprietary Name:

LZ1 Multiple Analyte Set A Drugs of Abuse Controls Page 1 of y

# Multi-calibrator Set B:

Classification Name:

Drug Mixture Calibrator Materials Class II, DKB (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR862.3200

Common Name:

MDMA, Morphine, Oxazepam, and Secobarbital Calibrators

Proprietary Name:

LZI Multiple Analyte Set B Drugs of Abuse Calibrators

Classification Name:

Drug Mixture Control Materials Class I, DIF (91 Toxicology): 21 CFR 862.3280

Common Name:

MDMA, Morphine, Oxazepam, and Sccobarbital Controls

Proprietary Name:

LZI Multiple Analyte Set B Drugs of Abuse Controls

# Multi-calibrator Set C:

Classification Name:

Drug Mixture Calibrator Matcrials Class II, DKB (91 Toxicology). 21 CFR862.3200

# Common Name:

Benzoylecgonine, Methamphetamine, Methadone, Morphine, Oxazepam, and Secobarbital Calibrators

# Proprietary Name:

L.ZI Multiple Analyte Set C Drugs of Abuse Calibrators

Classification Name:

Drug Mixture Control Materials Class I, DIF (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR 862.3280

Common Name:

Benzoylecgonine, Methamphetamine, Methadone, Morphine, Oxazepam, and Secobarbital Controls

Proprietary Name:

LZI Multiple Analyte Set C Drugs of Abuse Controls

# Previous Submission Information

There were no prior submissions for this subject device (k 133710).

# Legally Marketed Predicate Device(s)

The LZI Multiple Analyte Set A. B. and C Drugs of Abuse Calibrators and Controls (k133710) are substantially equivalent to the Multiple Analyte Drugs of Abuse Calibrators and Controls (k051088) manufactured by Lin-Zhi International, Inc. The LZI Multiple Analyte Sct A, B. and C Drugs of Abuse Calibrators and Controls are identical or similar to its predicatc in terms of intended use, method principle, device components, and clinical performance.

# Device Description

All of the LZI Multiple Analyte Set A, B, and C Drugs of Abuse Calibrators and Controls are liquid and ready to use. These Calibrators and Controls do not have any especially unique technical characteristics. Each contains a known concentration of a specific drug analyte as a mixture.

The Negative DAU Calibrator is a processed, drug-free human urine matrix in human urine with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as preservative. The Low, Cutoff: Intermediate, and High Calibrators, as well as the 2 levels of Controls are prepared by spiking known concentrations of drug analyte into the Negative DAU Calibrator matrix. These live calibrators and two controls are sold as individual bottles. The various concentrations of cach drug analyte in their corresponding calibrators and controls are summarized as follows:

Table 1: LZI Multiple Analyte Set A Calibrators and Controls:   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Low Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Calibrator</td><td>Intermediate Calibrator</td><td>High Calibrator</td><td></td><td>Control Level 1</td><td>Control Level 2</td></tr><tr><td>Material</td><td>ng/mL</td><td>ng/mL</td><td>ng/ml</td><td>ng/mL</td><td></td><td>ng/ml</td><td>ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>75</td><td>150</td><td>300</td><td>1000</td><td></td><td>112.5</td><td>187.5</td></tr><tr><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>250</td><td>500</td><td>750</td><td>1000</td><td></td><td>375</td><td>625</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>150</td><td>300</td><td>600</td><td>1000</td><td></td><td>225</td><td>375</td></tr><tr><td>6-AM</td><td>5</td><td>10</td><td>20</td><td>40</td><td></td><td>7.5</td><td>12.5</td></tr></table>

\* 5 Calibrator is the Negative Calibrator

Table 2: LZI Multiple Analyte Set B Calibrators and Controls:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L.owCalibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CutoffCalibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntermediateCalibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighCalibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>MDMAMorphineOxazepamSecobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1000100100</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2000200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>2500250250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr></table>

\*5 Calibrator is the Negative Calibrator

Table 3: LZI Multiple Analyte Set C Calibrators and Controls:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowCalibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CutoffCalibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntermediateCalibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighCalibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel !</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/ml.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonined-MethamphetamineMethadoneMorphineOxazepamnSecobarbital</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>75250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1501000</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3002000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2251500</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3752500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2500250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr></table>

Calibrator is the Negative Calibrator

# Intended Use

Device Name: LZI Multiple Analyte Set A, B. and C Urine Drugs of Abuse Calibrators

The LZI Multiple Analyte Set A, B, and C Urine Drugs of Abuse Calibrators are intended for in vitro diagnostic use for the calibration of assays for the analytes currently listed in the package insert: Benzoylecgonine, Methamphetamine, Methadone,

6-acetylmorphine, MDMA, Morphine, Oxazepam, and Secobarbital. Thc calibrators are designed for prescription use with homogeneous enzyme immunoassays on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

Device Name: LZI Multiple Analyte Set A, B, and C Urine Drugs of Abuse Controls

The LZI Multiple Analyte Set A, B. and C Urine Drugs of Abuse Controls are intended for in vitro diagnostic use to monitor the performance of assays for the analytes currently listed in the package insert: Benzoylecgonine, Methamphetamine, Methadone, 6-acctylmorphine. MDMA, Morphine, Oxazepam, and Secobarbital. The controls are designed for prescription use with homogeneous cnzyme immunoassays on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device(k133710)LZI Multiple AnalyteSet ADAU Calibrators and Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device(k133710)L.ZI Multiple AnalyteSet BDAU Calibrators and Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device(k133710)LZI Multiple AnalyieSet CDAU Calibrators and Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(k051088)LZI Multiple Analyte DAUCalibrators and Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for in vitro diagnosticuse for the calibration andvalidation of LZI DAU enzymeimmunoassays to detectbenzoylecgonine,methamphetamine, methadone,and 6-acetylmorphine, inhuman urine.The assays used with the multipleamalyte calibrutors and controls onlyprovide a preliminary analytical result.A more specific alternative chemicalmethod must be used in order to ohtaina confirmed amalytical result. Gus orliquid chromatogruphy/mussspectrometry (GCMS or LCAMS) isthe preferred confirmatory method.Clinical considerution andprofessional judgment should beexercised with any drug of abuse testresult, puricularly when thepreliminary test result is positive.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for in vitro diagnosticuse for the calibration andvalidation of LZI DAU enzymeimmunoassays to detectMDMA, morphine. oxazepam,and secobarbital in humanurine.The assays used with the multipleanalyte culibrators and controls onlyprovide a preliminary analytical result.A more specific alternative chemicalmethod must be used in order to obtaina confirmed analytical resul. Gas orliquid chromatography/massspectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) isthe preferred confirmatory method.Clinical consideration andprofessional judgment should beexercised with any drug of abuse testresult, paricularly when thepreliminary test result is positive.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for in vitro diagnosticuse for the calibration andvalidation of LZI DAU enzymeimmunoassays to detectbenzoylecgonine.methamphetamine, methadone,morphine, oxazepam, andsecobarbital in human urine.The assuys used with the multipleunalyte calibrators and controls onlyprovide a preliminary unalytical result.A more specific alternative chemicalmethod must be used in order to obtaina confirmed analytical result. Gus orliquid chromatography/mussspectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) isthe preferred confirmatory method.Clinical consideration anidprofessional judgmem should beexercised with any drug of abuse testresult, particularly when thepreliminary test result is positive.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for in vitro diagnosticuse for the calibration andvalidation of LZI DAU enzymeimmunoassays to detectmethamphetamine, opiate,phencyclidine,benzoylecgonine.benzodiazepines, barbiturates.methadone, and propoxyphenein human urine.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device(k133710)LZI Multiple AnalyteSet ADAU Calibrators and Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device(k133710)LZI Multiple AnalyteSet BDAU Calibrators and Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device(k133710)LZI Multiple AnalyteSet CDAU Calibrators and Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(k051088)L.7.1 Multiple Analyte DAUCalibrators and Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>benzoylecgonine,d-methamphetamine,methadone,6-acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>morphine,oxazepam,secobarbital.MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>benzoylecgonined-methamphetamine,methadone,morphine,oxazepam,secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>benzoylecgonine.d-methamphetamine,methadone.morphine,oxazepam,secobarbital,phencyclidine,propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Materials areapplicable for assayswith the cutoffconcentrations listed(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC - 150MAMP or AMP - 500MTD - 3006AM - 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI-2,000BZO - 200BARB - 200MDMA - 500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC - 150MAMP or AMP - 500MTD - 300OPI - 2,000BZO - 200BARB - 200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC - 150MAMP or AMP - 500MTD - 300OPI - 2,000BZO- 200BARB- 200PCP- 25PPX- 300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 Levels - See Table 1(under DeviceDescription&quot;)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 Levels - See Table 2(under &quot;DeviceDescription&quot;)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 Levels - See Table 3(under DeviceDescription&quot;)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 Levels - See Table 4(below)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels - Sec Table 1(under &quot;DeviceDescription&quot;)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels - Sec Table 2(under &quot;DeviceDescription&quot;)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels - See Table 3(under &quot;DeviceDescription&quot;)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels - See Table 4(below)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expirationdate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until expirationdate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expirationdate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expirationdate</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>Low Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Calibrator</td><td>Intermediate Calibrator</td><td>High Calibrator</td><td>Control Level 1</td><td>Control Level 2</td></tr><tr><td>Material</td><td>ng/ml</td><td>ng/ml</td><td>ng/ml</td><td>ng/mL</td><td>ng/ml</td><td>ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>250</td><td>500</td><td>750</td><td>1000</td><td>375</td><td>625</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine</td><td>1000</td><td>2000</td><td>4000</td><td>6000</td><td>1500</td><td>2500</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>12.5</td><td>25</td><td>50</td><td>100</td><td>18</td><td>35</td></tr><tr><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>75</td><td>150</td><td>300</td><td>1000</td><td>110</td><td>190</td></tr><tr><td>Oxazepam</td><td>100</td><td>200</td><td>500</td><td>1000</td><td>100</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Secobarbital</td><td>100</td><td>200</td><td>500</td><td>1000</td><td>100</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>150</td><td>300</td><td>600</td><td>1000</td><td>225</td><td>375</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>150</td><td>300</td><td>600</td><td>1000</td><td>225</td><td>375</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary:

# Multiple Analyte Sets $\mathbf { A } , \mathbf { B } ,$ , and C Drugs of Abuse Calibrators and Controls Stability:

Based on the largest $\%$ change for any individual concentration or $\%$ change in Total Separation (versus Day 0 measurements) at Cold $( 2 { - } 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ , Room Temperature, and Accelerated $( 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ Temperature studies, the LZl Multiple Analyte Set A, B, and C Drugs of Abuse Calibrators and Controls did not vary greater than $\pm 1 0 \%$ In Set A, the only analyte for which this differed was the $6 -$ acetylmorphine (6AM) Calibrator and Control. In Set B and C. the only analyte for which this differed was the Benzodiazepine (Oxazepam) Calibrator and Control. All calibrators and controls held steady when stored at $2 ~ \textdegree C$ to $8 ~ \%$ (refrigerated) up to Day 366 real time. Based on these data we have capped our predicted shelf-life to the current cold temperature real-time study for the LZl Multiple Analyte Sets A, B, and C Drugs of Abuse Calibrators and Controls to at least 12 months.

# Traceability and Value Assignment:

The starting materials for the calibrators and controls were commercially available standard stock solutions in methanol. The standard solution was found to be $9 9 \%$ in purity, analyzed by GC/MS. Secondary stock' solutions were prepared using negative urine calibrator matrix and the concentrations were verified gravimetrically using balances calibrated with NIST traceable weights. The secondary stock solutions were then spiked into the negative urine calibrator matrix to the desired concentration and verified by GC/MS to be within $\pm 1 0 \%$ of the target concentration.

# Summary:

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the LZl Multiple Analyte Sets A, B, and C Drugs of Abuse Calibrators and Controls are substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its gencral intended use. Substantial equivalencc was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and physical properties to the commercially available prcdicate device as confirmed by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS). an independent analyical method. The information supplied in this pre-market notification provides reasonable assurance that the The LZI Multiple Analyte Sets A. B, and C Drugs of Abuse Calibrators and Controls are safe and effective for its stated intended use.

Pebruary 21. 2014

LIN-ZHI INTERNATIONAL, INC.BERNICE LIN. PH.D.  
VP OPERATIONS  
670 ALMANOR AVE  
SUNNYVALE CA 94085

Re: K133710 Trade/Device Name: Lin-Zhi Multiple Analyte Set A. B and C Urine Drugs of Abuse Calibrators Lin-Zhi Muhiple Analyte Set A. B and C Urine Drugs of Abuse Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3200 Regulation Name: Clinical toxicology calibrator Regulatory Class: I1 Product Code: DKB. DIF Dated: December 2. 2013 Received: December 4. 2013

Dear Dr. Lin:

We have reviewed your Section STo(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commeree prior to May 28, 1976. the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments. or t0 devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmetie Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device. subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration. listing of devices. good manufacturing practice. labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you. however. that device labeling must be trutbful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into cither class I1 (Special Controls) or class III $( \{ \ Y _ { \mathrm { A } } \} \backslash \lambda \backslash \lambda )$ . it may be subject to additional controls. Eixisting major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21, Parts S00 to S98. In addition. FDA may publish further announeements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements. including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Pant S07): labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809): medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820): and if applicable. the

Page 2—Ms Lin

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act): 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts s01 and 809). please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its to11-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address hup://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also. please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CIR Par 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Pan 803). please go to   
hup://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.hum for the CDRH's Office of Surveillanee and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Aet from the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance al its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address hup:/Awww.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResoureesforYou/Industry/default.hum.

Sincerely yours.

# Ruth A. Chesler -S

for   
Courtney H. Lias. Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnosties   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k133710

a of Abuse Controls

Indications for Use (Describe)

T ual Methadone, 6-acetylmorphine, MDMA, Morphine, Oxazepam, and Secobarbital.The calibrators are designe or prescription use with homogeneous enzyme immunoassays on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

a o mnor e perorman assay or he analyecurrenisn the packaginsrBnzoylee Methamphelamine, Methadone, 6-acetyImorphine, MDMA, Morphine, Oxazepam, and Secobarbital. The controls are designed or prescription use with homogeneous enzyme immunoassays on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

# Concurrence of Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) (Signature)

# Avis T. Danishefsky -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

The burn orhcctionnfoation atd verghours p epnsincu lime to review instructions, search existing dala sources, gather and maintain the dala needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any ther aspect of this information collection, including suggeslions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not condiuct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a colection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."