January 8, 2015

OMEGA LABORATORIES, INC. ROBERT BARD MANAGING DIRECTOR 400 NORTH CLEVELAND MOGADORE OH 44260

Re: K140671 Trade/Device Name: Omega Laboratories Hair Drug Screening Assay, (Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG Dated: January 5, 2015 Received: January 6, 2015

Dear Mr. Robert Bard:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Mr. Bard

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Stayce Beck -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k140671

Device Name Omega Laboratories Inc. Hair Drug Screening Assay (Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone)

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Omega Laboratories Hair Drug Screening Assay (Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone) is an in vitro diagnostic test that is intended for the qualitative detection of opiates (calibrated with morphine) and oxycodone and hydrocodone (calibrated with oxycodone) at or above $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m g }$ in human head and body hair. To confirm a screen positive result, a more specific alternate chemical method, such as Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) operating in the selected ion monitoring (SIM) mode is the preferred method with deuterated internal standards. Professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when presumptive positive results are obtained.

This test is intended exclusively for single laboratory use only and is not intended for sale to anyone.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

# 510(k) Number:

K140671

# Date of Summary:

January 5, 2015

Applicant:

William R. Corl Chief Executive Officer

Omega Laboratories, Inc. 400 North Cleveland Mogadore, OH 44260 Tel: 330-628-5748 Fax: 330-628-5803

Correspondent: Name:

ROBERT J BARD, JD, CQE, RAC

Address:

Omega Laboratories   
400 North Cleveland, Mogadore, OH 44260   
248-573-5040

Phone Number: E-mail

rbard@reglaw.net

Product Name: Trade Name:

Omega Laboratories Inc. Hair Drug Screening Assay (Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone)

Common Name: Regulation Number:

Hair Drug Screening Assay Opiates CFR 862.3650 (ProCode DJG)

# Classification Name:

Opiate test system.

Classification Panel: Predicate Device:

Omega Hair Drug Screening Assay for Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone (k103161)

Indication for Use:

The Omega Laboratories Hair Drug Screening Assay (Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone) is an in vitro diagnostic test that is intended for the qualitative detection of opiates (calibrated with morphine) and oxycodone and hydrocodone (calibrated with oxycodone) at or above $3 0 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m g }$ in human head and body hair. To confirm a screen positive result, a more specific alternate chemical method, such as Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) operating in the selected ion monitoring (SIM) mode is the preferred method with deuterated internal standards. Professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when presumptive positive results are obtained.

This test is intended exclusively for single laboratory use only and is not intended for sale to anyone.

# Comparison:

When used to qualitatively detect Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone in head and body hair specimens collected with the Omega Specimen Collection Device, the Omega assays yield results in substantial agreement with the predicate device (see Table 1 below).

# Comparison Performance Data:

All performance studies demonstrated that the Omega assay is in substantial agreement with the predicate products.

Results obtained from donor specimens showed that the qualitative results from the new assays are substantially equivalent to those obtained from the predicate devices.

Table 1: Comparison of Omega Hair Drug Screening Assay for Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparisonElement -Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hair Drug Screening Assay for Opiates,Oxycodone and Hydrocodone. (Subjectdevices K140671)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hair Drug Screening Assay Opiates,Oxycodone and Hydrocodone (Predicatedevice k103161)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omega Laboratories, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Indication for/Intended Use</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The Omega Laboratories HairDrugScreening Assay (Opiates,Oxycodoneand Hydrocodone)      is aninvitrodiagnostic test that is intended for thequalitative detection of opiates (calibratedwithmorphine) and oxycodoneandhydrocodone (calibrated with oxycodone)at or above 300 pg/mgin human headand body hair.Toconfirma screenpositive result, a more specific alternatechemical  method,  such  as  GasChromatography/Mass      Spectrometry(GC/MS) operating in the selected ionmonitoring (SIM) mode is the preferredmethod with deuterated internal standards.Professional judgment should be appliedto anydrugoff abuse test result,particularly when presumptive positiveresults are obtained.This test is intended exclusively for singlelaboratory use only and is not intended forsale to anyone.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Omegaa Laboratories Hair DrugScreening Assays are test systems thatutilize ELISA assays for the qualitativedetection of morphine and related opiates(calibrated with morphine) and oxycodoneand   hydrocodone   (calibrated  withoxycodone) at or above 300 pg/mg in headhair samples.The Omega LaboratoriesHair DrugScreening Assay for Opiates, Oxycodoneand Hydrocodone provide only preliminaryanalytical test results. A more specificalternate chemical method must be used inorder to obtain a confirmed result. GasChromatograph   Mass Spectrometryoperating in the selected ion monitoring(SIM) mode or GC/MS/MS in selected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n selected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method ofMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microplate reader. Read at 450 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Head and body hair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Head hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoffconcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 pg Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone/mg hair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr></table>

Table 1: Comparison of Omega Hair Drug Screening Assay for Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparisonElement -Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hair Drug Screening Assay for Opiates,Oxycodone and Hydrocodone. (Subjectdevices K140671)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hair Drug Screening Assay Opiates,Oxycodone and Hydrocodone (Predicatedevice k103161)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExtractionMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Utilized acid-methanol vs. methanol aloneto facilitate extraction of drug from hair.Proprietary and patent pending method ofpulverizing hair vs. cutting the hair intosmall segments prior to acid-methanolextraction. This improved extraction timeswithout loss of efficiency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr></table>

# Performance Studies

# PRECISION :

Intra-assay precision studies were performed using 11 replicates of negative head hair samples spiked to the following concentrations of opiates, oxycodone, and hydrocodone: zero drug, $- 7 5 \%$ , $- 5 0 \%$ , $- 2 5 \%$ below the cutoff, and $+ 2 5 \%$ , $+ 5 0 \%$ , $+ 7 5 \%$ and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ above the cutoff. All samples were treated and analyzed in the same manner as donor hair samples and measured in one run. Head hair was used in this study.

Table 2: Intra-Assay Precision Studies (opiates, oxycodone and hydrocodone)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofSample (pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results #Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results #Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Intra-Assay Precision Studies (opiates, oxycodone and hydrocodone)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofSample (pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results #Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results #Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr></table>

Inter-assay precision studies were performed using negative hair samples spiked to the following concentrations of opiates, oxycodone and hydrocodone: zero drug, $- 7 5 \%$ , $- 5 0 \%$ , $- 2 5 \%$ below the cutoff, and $+ 2 5 \%$ , $+ 5 0 \%$ , $+ 7 5 \%$ and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ above the cutoff.

All samples were treated and analyzed in the same manner as donor hair samples, which is summarized in Section 9.0. Eleven replicates of these were prepared and analyzed over 20 non-consecutive days. The results of this study are summarized in the tables below and the raw data is attached.

Tables 15a through 15c summarize the result of the Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone Inter-Assa Precision testing of the Omega Laboratories Drug Screening in Hair Assays.

Table 3a: Inter–assay Opiates Precision Study Summary (non-normalized)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc. (pg/mg)(% of Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NumberTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 (-75)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 (-50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 (-25)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 (125)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450 (150)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525 (175)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 (200)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td></tr></table>

Table 3b: Inter–assay Oxycodone Precision Study Summary (non-normalized)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc. (pg/mg)(% of Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NumberTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 (-75)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 (-50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 (-25)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Page 5 of 33

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc. (pg/mg)(% of Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NumberTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 (125)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450 (150)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525 (175)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 (200)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td></tr></table>

Table 3c: Inter–assay Hydrocodone Precision Study Summary (non-normalized   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc. (pg/mg)% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NumberTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 (-75)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 (-50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 (-25)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 (125)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450 (150)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525 (175)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 (200)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# AGREEMENT STUDIES:

The method comparison was performed using two opiates studies by testing 226 head and body hair samples consisting of 176 head hair samples in Study 1 and 50 body hair samples in Study 3.

Agreement studies also included 530 head and body hair samples that were tested in three oxycodone and hydrocodone studies consisting of 240 head hair samples in Study 1, 240 head hairs samples in retrospective analysis Study 2 and 50 body hair samples in Study 3.

In the studies, each specimen was divided into two aliquots and one was used for screening and the other for GC/MS confirmation. Testing was performed on body and head hair samples from different ages, gender, ethnicities and hair color. The results were:

# Opiates Agreement Studies (from Studies 1 and 3)

Table 3a: Opiates Equivalents Summary of Agreement Study Results $( n = 2 2 6$ ) Head and Body   

<table><tr><td>ELISA Test Result</td><td>Negative by GC/MS</td><td>Less than half the cutoff concentration by GC/MS</td><td>Near Cutoff Negative (Between 50% below the cutoff and the cutoff concentration)</td><td>Near Cutoff Positive (Between the cutoff and 50% above the cutoff concentration)</td><td>High Positive (Greater that 50% above the cutoff concentration)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>2</td><td>24</td><td>116</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>70</td><td>4</td><td>9</td><td>1</td><td>0</td></tr></table>

Table 3b: GC/MS Summary of Opiates Equivalents Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening Cutoff(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA TestResult(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Cutoff(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Drug Result (pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 268</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 299</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 354</td></tr></table>

Oxycodone and Hydrocodone Agreement Studies (from Studies 1,2 and 3)   
Table 4a: Oxycodone Summary of Agreement Study Results $( n { = } 4 8 3 ^ { \star } )$ .   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISATestResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative byC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than halfthe cutoffconcentrationby GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below thecutoff and thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50%above the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater that50% abovethe cutoffconcentration)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

\*Of the 530 samples compared in the Oxy assays, 46 ELISA positive head hair samples were negative by GC/MS confirmation for oxycodone but positive for hydrocodone and one head hair test sample was lost during centrifugation reducing the number of test samples reported here to 483.

Table 4b: GC/MS Summary of Oxycodone Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening Cutoff(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA TestResult(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Cutoff(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Drug Result (pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>835334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY 169HDC 167</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EXOP 39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY 131HDC 83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>788840</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY 185HDC 29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>787180c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY 229HDC 68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>789526</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY 240HDC 49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>872104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY 130HDC 221</td></tr></table>

Table 4b: GC/MS Summary of Oxycodone Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening Cutoff(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA TestResult(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Cutoff(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSDrug Result (pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>854976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY 255</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800488</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY 298</td></tr></table>

Table 4c: Hydrocodone Summary of Agreement Study Results $( \mathsf { n } { = } 5 0 0 ^ { \star } )$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISATestResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative byGC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than halfthe cutoffconcentrationby GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below thecutoff and thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50%above the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater that50% abovethe cutoffconcentration)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

\*Of the 530 samples compared in the HDC assays, 27 ELISA positive head hair samples were negative by GC/MS confirmation for hydrocodone but positive for oxycodone, one head hair test sample was lost during centrifugation and 2 ELISA head hair positive samples were not able to be confirmed by GC/MS which reduced the number of test samples reported here to 500.

Table 4d: GC/MS Summary of Hydrocodone Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening Cutoff(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA TestResult(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Cutoff(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Drug Result (pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>787832</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 403</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 313</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 334</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>835334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 167OXY 169</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>872104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 221OXY 130</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>835981a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 347</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>788840</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 29OXY 185</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>789526</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 49OXY 240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>787180c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 68OXY 229</td></tr></table>

Table 4d: GC/MS Summary of Hydrocodone Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening Cutoff(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA TestResult(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Cutoff(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Drug Result (pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EXOP 39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 83OXY 131</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>790194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 204</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>849237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 256</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>904316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 272</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>780598</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HDC 283</td></tr></table>

# CROSSREACTIVITY:

The Cross-reactivity study was designed to evaluate the specificity of the Omega Laboratories, Inc.   
ELISA Screening Protocol and the possible effect of interfering compounds.

Table 5a: Cross-reactivity of Opiates ELISA with Structurally Similar Compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximate Concentration of Compound(pg/mg) Equivalent to 300pg/mg OpiatesCutoff Control(n=3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Monoacetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3-Beta-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thebain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-6-Beta-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydromorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.</td></tr></table>

Table 5a: Cross-reactivity of Opiates ELISA with Structurally Similar Compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximate Concentration of Compound(pg/mg) Equivalent to 300pg/mg OpiatesCutoff Control(n=3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1000000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.1000000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.1000000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.1000000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltriben</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.1000000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalmefene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.1000000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apomorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.1000000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.1000000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.1000000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.1000000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Methoxynaltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.1000000 pg/mg</td></tr></table>

Table 5b: Cross reactivity of ELISA Oxycodone with Structurally Similar Compounds   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximate Concentration ofCompound (pg/mg) Equivalent to300pg/mg Oxycodone Cutoff Control(n=3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross-reactivity(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydromorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr></table>

Table 5b: Cross reactivity of ELISA Oxycodone with Structurally Similar Compounds   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximate Concentration ofCompound (pg/mg) Equivalent to300pg/mgOxycodone Cutoff Control(n=3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross-reactivity(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-MonoacetyImorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thebaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3-β-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-6-β-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.40000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.40000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.40000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.40000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltriben</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalmefene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apomorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Methoxy-naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr></table>

Effect of Interfering Compounds: A variety of structurally related and unrelated compounds were tested for interference at $1 0 0 0 0 { \mathsf { n g } }/ { \mathsf { m l } }$ $( 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 { \mathsf { p g / m g } } )$ in the Opiates ELISA and the Oxycodone ELISA assays. Negative hair extracts were spiked with morphine or oxycodone at $- 5 0 \%$ $( 1 2 5 \mathsf { p g / m g } )$ , $+ 1 2 5 \%$ $( 3 7 5 { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { g } } / { \mathsf { m } } { \mathsf { g } } )$ and $+ 1 5 0 \%$ $( 4 5 0 \mathsf { p } \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { m } \mathsf { g } )$ of the Cutoff Concentration $( 3 0 0 \mathsf { p g / m g } )$ . These were then additionally spiked with $1 0 0 0 0 { \mathsf { n g } }/ { \mathsf { m l } }$ $( 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 \mathsf { p g / m g } )$ of the structurally related and unrelated compounds unless otherwise noted. The absorbances were compared to the $3 0 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m g }$ Cutoff control (CO). Only compounds that were structurally cross-reactive interfered in the assay. These structurally related compounds produced a

positive response due to sufficient cross-reactivity. No tested samples produced a negative result when expected to be positive. The analysis was performed in triplicate.

Table 5c: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Opiates ELISA Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) 11-nor-9-carboxy-delta8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>()11-nor-9-carboxy-delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (-) Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Cotinine -N-oxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)-Alpha-methadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±11-nor-9-carboxy-delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) 2,5-Dimethoxy- 4-bromoamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Alphaprodine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) MBDB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) MDA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>() MDEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Metanephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Metoprolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Norcotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Propanolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Trans-3&#x27;-Hydroxycotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Hydroxy-delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-Nortestosterone (Nandrolone)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1R,2S (-) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1S,2R (+) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5c: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Opiates ELISA Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-Oxo-3-hydroxy-LSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Methoxynaltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Trans-Hydroxy-norcotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Acetoamidophenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Hydroxy-Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,5-DiphenyIhydantoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetyl-codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-MonoacetyImorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acebutolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetophenetidin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetopromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicyclic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha-Ergocryptine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aminorex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anhydroecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anileridine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apomorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atenolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Azaperone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine isopropyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Betamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boldenone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bumetanide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bupivicaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5c: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Opiates ELISA Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine-glucuronide(2500ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buspirone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butabarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carisoprodol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cimeterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clenbuterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clozapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine-N-beta-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,I-N-Desmethylvenlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deoxycorticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desalkylflurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desmethyldoxepin (cis/trans)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Despropionyl-fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5c: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Opiates ELISA Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dibucaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydroergotamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydromorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenoxylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dothiepin (cis/trans)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Droperidol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Effexor (Venlafaxine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EMDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ergonovine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethacrynic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethopropazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenfluramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flumethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gluthimide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haloperidol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5c: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Opiates ELISA Assay   

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hexobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HMMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) 4-Hydroxyephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibogaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketoprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labetalol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Hyoscyamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lorazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lysergic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lysergol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maprotiline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mephentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mepivacaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metaphit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metaproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metaraminol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methohexital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methoxyphenamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylergonovine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylphenidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5c: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Opiates ELISA Assay   

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>m-Hydroxybenzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mianserin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Midazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monensin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3-betaglucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-6-betaglucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nadolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalmefene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone-3-beta-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltriben</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-DesmethyIclomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethylflunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethyltramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethyltrimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbenzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordiazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nor-LAAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nor-LSD/Nor-ISO-LSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normeperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normeperidinic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5c: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Opiates ELISA Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norpropoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noscapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O-Desmethyltramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxprenolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-Acetamidophenyl-beta-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Papaverine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pemoline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentazocine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phendimetrazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenelzine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenothiazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylethyamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylpropanolamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PMMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prilocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prochlorperazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progesterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propiomazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propionylpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5c: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Opiates ELISA Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (+) Methcathinone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (-) Epinephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (+) Cathinone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salbutamol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stanazalol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfadimethoxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfamethazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfathiazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Terbutaline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thebaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triamcinolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trifluoperazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trifluopromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimeprazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tylosin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yohimbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yohimbine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zolpidem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zopiclone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R,R (-)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5c: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Opiates ELISA Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine Morpholine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5d: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Oxycodone ELISA Sys   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)11-nor-9-carboxy-delta8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) 11-nor-9-carboxy-delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (-) Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Cotinine -N-oxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)-Alpha-methadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±11-nor-9-carboxy-delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) 2,5-Dimethoxy- 4-bromoamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Alphaprodine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) MBDB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) MDA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) MDEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Metanephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Metoprolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Norcotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Propanolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5d: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Oxycodone ELISA Sys   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) Trans-3&#x27;-Hydroxycotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Hydroxy-delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-Nortestosterone (Nandrolone)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1R,2S (-) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1S,2R (+) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-Oxo-3-hydroxy-LSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Methoxynaltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Trans-Hydroxy-norcotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Acetoamidophenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Hydroxy-Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,5-DiphenyIhydantoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetyl-codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Monoacetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acebutolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetophenetidin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetopromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicyclic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha-Ergocryptine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aminorex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anhydroecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anileridine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apomorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atenolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Azaperone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5d: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Oxycodone ELISA Sys   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine isopropyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Betamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boldenone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bumetanide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bupivicaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buspirone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butabarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carisoprodol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cimeterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clenbuterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clozapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine-N-beta-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,I-N-Desmethylvenlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deoxycorticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desalkylflurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5d: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Oxycodone ELISA Sys   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desmethyldoxepin (cis/trans)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Despropionyl-fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dibucaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydroergotamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydromorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenoxylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dothiepin (cis/trans)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Droperidol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Effexor (Venlafaxine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EMDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ergonovine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethacrynic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethopropazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenfluramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flumethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5d: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Oxycodone ELISA Sys   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gluthimide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haloperidol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hexobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HMMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) 4-Hydroxyephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibogaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketoprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labetalol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAMPA (1000ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Hyoscyamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lorazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lysergic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lysergol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maprotiline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mephentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mepivacaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metaphit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metaproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metaraminol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5d: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Oxycodone ELISA Sys   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methohexital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methoxyphenamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylergonovine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethyIphenidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>m-Hydroxybenzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mianserin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Midazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monensin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3-beta-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-6-beta-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nadolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalmefene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone-3-beta-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltriben</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-DesmethyIclomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethylflunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethyltramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethyltrimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbenzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordiazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nor-LAAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nor-LSD/Nor-ISO-LSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5d: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Oxycodone ELISA Sys   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normeperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normeperidinic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norpropoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noscapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O-Desmethyltramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxprenolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-Acetamidophenyl-beta-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Papaverine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pemoline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentazocine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phendimetrazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenelzine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenothiazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylethyamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylpropanolamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R,R (-)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine Morpholine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PMMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5d: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Oxycodone ELISA Sys   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prilocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prochlorperazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progesterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propiomazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propionylpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (+) Methcathinone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (-) Epinephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (+) Cathinone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salbutamol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stanazalol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfadimethoxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfamethazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfathiazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Terbutaline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thebaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triamcinolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trifluoperazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trifluopromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimeprazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 5d: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Oxycodone ELISA Sys   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(150pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(375pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(450pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tylosin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yohimbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yohimbine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zolpidem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zopiclone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

This study demonstrated that the presence of the structurally similar compounds Buprenorphine, Noroxymorphone, 3-Methoxynaltrexone, Morphine-6-beta-glucuronide, Nalmefene, Nalorphine, Naloxone-3-beta-D-glucuronide, Naltrexone, Naltriben, and Noroxymorphone, may contribute to an Opiate or Oxycodone positive ELISA result when utilizing this protocol.

To better under the observed cross-reactivity of the above identified compounds, the concentration ranges were extended to generate additional cross-reactivity (CR) data. With the extremely high concentrations, some cross-reactivity was now observable in all except for Nalmefene, Naloxone-3-beta-D-glucuronide and Naltriben.

The interference tests were also rerun at $- 5 0 \%$ of cutoffs. There was good correlation with the previous dataset. One interference test produced a different outcome. Specifically, Noroxymorphone in opiates assay. The calculated equivalents based on the CR curve resulted in a calculated equivalent concentration close to the assay cutoff.

5e: Cross reactivity of Opiates ELISA with Structurally Similar Compounds   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofCompound (pg/mg)Equivalent to 300 pg/mgOpiatesCutoff Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-6-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.050</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Methoxynaltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4000000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalmefene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone-3-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltriben</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr></table>

\* Unable to generate an assay absorbance equivalent to $3 0 0 \mathsf { p g / m g }$ Opiates cutoff. Highest concentration tested was 4,000,000pg/mg.

Table 5f: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Opiates ELISA Assay All results at the $50 \%$ of cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compounds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA AssayResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates equivalents(pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine 6-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Methoxynaltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>332</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalmefene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>332</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone 3-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>332</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltriben</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>332</td></tr></table>

Table 5g: Cross Reactivity of Omega Laboratories, Inc. Oxycodone ELISA with Structurally Similar Compounds   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration of Compound(pg/mg) Equivalent to 300pg/mg Oxycodone CutoffControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-6-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Methoxynaltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>380000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalmefene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone-3-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>680000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltriben</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td></tr></table>

\* Unable to generate an assay absorbance equivalent to 300pg/mg Oxycodone cutoff. Highest concentration tested was 4,000,000pg/mg

Table 5h: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Oxycodone ELISA Assay All results at the $- 5 0 \%$ of cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA AssayResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone equivalents(pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine 6-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,180</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Methoxynaltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>620</td></tr></table>

Table 5h: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Oxycodone ELISA Assay All results at the $- 5 0 \%$ of cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA AssayResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone equivalents(pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,700</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,380</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalmefene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone 3-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>460</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltriben</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340</td></tr></table>

None of the other compounds studied demonstrated any interference with the protocol.

# CALIBRATOR AND CONTROL:

The Omega Laboratories, Inc. ELISA Opiates and Oxycodone Screening Protocols utilize in-house prepared calibrators and control solutions. The study successfully demonstrated the validation and stability of these solutions and the traceability to NIST standards.

The data demonstrating the stability of morphine and oxycodone in methanol for a period of one year when stored refrigerated in an amber bottle was provide as part of k103161. The quantitative values of 271 and $2 9 1 \ \mathsf { p g / m g }$ for morphine and oxycodone, respectively, after a one year period is within $10 \%$ of the target value of $3 0 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m g }$ . The study validated the one 1 year expiration date for the Calibrator Stock Solution.

# STABILITY:

Hair samples were taken from the head were packaged (stored) in the Omega Collection Kit (The Hair Collection Kit consists of a poly transport bag, a small piece of foil, a small specimen pouch (envelope). The Collection Kit, containing the hair sample was previously confirmed positive then stored for an average of 3.1 years for opiate samples and stored for approximately 2 years for oxycodone and hydrocodone samples.

Fifty-four samples varying in ethnic origin, hair color and curvature were tested.

Table 6:Storage Stability Study Data Summary Ranges   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Observation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-AM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range in concentration p/mghair (Before)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520 - 1690</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480 - 1150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 - 2140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157 -5174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196 - 2524</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range in concentration pg/mghair (After)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>530 - 1588</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>539 - 1132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>636 - 1987</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156 - 4638</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207 - 2359</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Change</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Max and Min Decrease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--20% and -3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8% and -7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-16% and -1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-23% and -1%</td></tr></table>

Table 6:Storage Stability Study Data Summary Ranges   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Observation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-AM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Max and Min Increase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35% and 1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18% and 1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16% and 1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% and 3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6% and 5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number that increased inconcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number that decreased inconcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr></table>

Based on the data presented, opiates are stable in hair for 3 years and oxycodone and hydrocodone are stable for 2 year.

# SHIPPING:

260 head hair samples were used in the shipping study; 155 samples previously confirmed positive, 100 previously screened negative samples and 5 samples that were confirmed below the $3 0 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m g }$ cutoff. Each box contained a variety of hair color and curvature.

The minimum and maximum shipping temperature and humidity ranges are shown in the tables for the Negative samples and for the Positive samples below. Negative samples were shipped separate from the Positive samples.

Table 7a: Negative Samples Shipping Temperatures and Humidity Ranges Negative Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DataLogger ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shipped to Location ThenReturned to OmegaLaboratories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min Temp(oC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max Temp (oC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min Humidity(%RH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max Humidity(%RH)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7310005629</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1. Portland, Maine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7310005644</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2. Anchorage, Alaska</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7310005628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3. Naples, Florida</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7310005627</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4. Tempe Arizona</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.5</td></tr></table>

Table 7b: Positive Samples Shipping Temperatures and Humidity Ranges Positive Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DataLogger ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shipped to Location ThenReturned to OmegaLaboratories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min Temp(C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max Temp (C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min Humidity(%RH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max Humidity(%RH)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7310005629</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1. Portland, Maine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7310005644</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2. Anchorage, Alaska</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-13.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7310005628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3. Naples, Florida</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7310005627</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4. Tempe Arizona</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-15.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The Shipping Study demonstrated that there is no adverse effect on hair samples that would affect the screening assay when samples are exposed to extreme temperatures and variations in humidity that might occur during sample transport. The average mean $\%$ of change in screening result prior to shipping and after shipping was $1 . 9 \%$ for all locations combined. Four samples out of 260 had screening results that were different prior to and after shipping. All of these samples were within $\pm 5 0 \%$ $1 5 0 { - } 4 5 0 \ \mathsf { p g / m g } )$ of the cutoff level where variances in a qualitative screening assay are to be expected.

# COSMETIC TREATMENT:

Numerous studies have demonstrated that the use of cosmetic treatments can reduce the amount of drugs and metabolites detected in hair specimens. This effect is completely dependent upon the nature of the hair specimen and the treatment used, and is independent of the method of analysis. This study demonstrates that the Omega Laboratories, Inc. ELISA Opiates Screening Protocol is not an exception to this phenomenon.

Test conditions:

BLEACH #1 - Salon Care Blue Flash Professional Powder Lightener   
BLEACH #2 - Loreal Super Oreal Blanc® Professional Powder Bleach   
PERM #1 - Naturelle Natural Curls Alkiline Perm   
PERM #2 - Natural Apple Self-Timing Perm   
DYE #1 - Revlon® Colorsilk™ Black   
DYE #2 - Garnier Herbashine Soft Mahogany Dark Brown   
RELAXER #1 - Silk Elements™ No-Lye Sensitive Scalp Relaxer System   
RELAXER #2 - Ultra Precise No-Lye Conditioning Relaxer   
SHAMPOO #1 - After Burner drug removing shampoo   
SHAMPOO #2 - Ultra Cleanse drug removing shampoo

176 hair samples were used in this study. Of the 176 hair specimens, 112 specimens were identified as positive in the untreated Run No. 1 for opiates and/or oxycodone by ELISA assays and 64 specimens were identified as negative by ELISA assay. The ethnic origin, hair color and curvature were documented.

Each specimen was divided into 2 aliquots. One aliquot was analyzed by the ELISA protocol and the GC/MS confirmation method

The second aliquots were randomly assigned to the hair treatments listed above and the treatments were performed following the product insert.

Treated aliquots were analyzed by the ELISA protocol as summarized and the GC/MS confirmation method.

Table 8: Changes in ELISA Assay Test Results after Cosmetic Treatment   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Pos → Neg or Neg → Pos)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone/Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bleach</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dye</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PosNeg (57)Neg Pos (110)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Change at cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Permanent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg Pos (29)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Change due to crossreactivity</td></tr></table>

Table 8: Changes in ELISA Assay Test Results after Cosmetic Treatment (Pos  Neg or Neg  Pos)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone/Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relaxer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shampoo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PosNeg (89)PosNeg (65)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Change at cutoff</td></tr></table>

\*Cross-reactive at 0.24 for HDC to Opiates

There was no single treatment that had a more defined effect on the assay. The single largest change was observed in the relaxer for oxycodone at $- 3 4 . 8 \%$ . Bleach treatment appeared to have the consistent result across all drugs. All of the treatment appeared to have the greatest change on oxycodone. See Table 9 for summary of treatment percent change review.

Table 9: Summary GC/MS data for Cosmetic Studies   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates Mean change inconcentration(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY Mean change inconcentration(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCD Mean change inconcentration(pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bleach</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Permanent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-13.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dyeing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-18.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-15.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relaxer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--34.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shampoo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-17.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.4%</td></tr></table>

# ENVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION:

Two studies were performed to investigate whether confirmatory testing procedures are able to distinguish between true analytically positive samples and those that have been externally exposed to Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone. The focus of the studies was to demonstrate that a methanol wash procedure mitigates the risk of false positive results while maintaining true analytical positive results.

The first study involved exposing drug-free hair to Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone, washing the hair with methanol three times, performing confirmation testing on the samples and the washes, and observing the final test result. The second study involved performing confirmation testing on known positive samples and observing whether the methanol washes change the final result. Head hair was used for this study.

Evaluating potential environmental contamination and the effectiveness of a methanol wash using this study design, all analytically negative samples tested remained negative after being subjected to Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone by the exposure modes described followed by a single methanol wash.

Additionally, all clinically positive samples tested remain positive after the wash steps were performed.

# SUMMARY CONCLUSION:

The comparison of results of the proposed assay with the confirmatory GC/MS testing of head and body hair samples showed the results to be substantially equivalent

The candidate Omega Hair Drug Screening Assay for Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone (head and body hair) is substantially equivalent to the predicate Omega Hair Drug Screening Assay for Opiates, Oxycodone and Hydrocodone (k103161 for head hair) based on the design and performance studies discussed in this summary. Supporting Performance Testing presented for review in this document, includes agreement, precision, specificity, interference (including cosmetic effects), removal of environmental contamination, stability and shipping tests.