Re: K140748 Trade/Device Name: One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Cup One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Dipcard Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG, DJR, DNK, JXN, LFG Dated: July 08, 2014 Received: July 09, 2014

Dear Hong Feng:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Cup One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Dipcard

Indications for Use (Describe)   
One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Cup and One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Dipcard are lateral flow chromatographic   
immunoassays designed to qualitatively detect the presence of drugs and drug metabolites in human urine at the following   
cut-off concentrations:

<table><tr><td>Test</td><td>Calibrator Buprenorphine</td><td>Cutoff Level (ng/mL) 10</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP)</td><td>2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine (MOP300)</td><td>Morphine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Propoxyphene (PPX)</td><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCA)</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr></table>

There are two formats: 1) Test Cup, 2) Test Dipcard. Each format may have from 1 to 5 drugs in any combination. The assays are intended for in vitro diagnostic use. They are intended for prescription use including point of care sites and over-the-counter use.

The tests may yield preliminary positive results even when prescription drugs including Buprenorphine, Propoxyphene, or Tricyclic Antidepressants are ingested, at prescribed doses; it is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. There are no uniformly recognized cutoff concentration levels for Buprenorphine, Propoxyphene, or Tricyclic Antidepressants in urine.

This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. Gas Chromatography/Mass spectrometry (GC/MS) or an equivalent analytical method is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Co-Innovation Biotech Co., Ltd.

# Section 5 - 510(k) Summary

Date of Summary Preparation: 8/14/2014

# 1. Submitter's Identifications

Submitter: Co-Innovation Biotech Co.,Ltd.   
Address: No.13, Yanyuan Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, P.R. China Contact Person: Hong Feng   
Contact Email Address: fenghongfda@126.com   
Telephone: + 86 -20-62867285   
Fax: + 86 -20-62867285

# 2. Correspondent’s Identifications

Correspondent’s Name: Co-Innovation Biotech Co.,Ltd.   
Address: No.13, Yanyuan Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, P.R. China Contact Person: Hong Feng   
Contact Email Address: fenghongfda@126.com   
Telephone: + 86 -20-62867285   
Fax: + 86 -20-62867285

# 3. Name of the Device

Recommended classification regulation:

21 CFR 862.3650 Opiate test system   
21 CFR 862.3620 Methadone test system   
21 CFR 862.3640 Morphine Test System   
21 CFR 862.3700 Propoxyphene test system   
21 CFR 862.3910 Tri-cyclic Antidepressants drug test system

Device class: ClassⅡ   
Panel: Toxicology (91)   
Product code: DJG,DJR,DNK,JXN,LFG

Common Name:

Buprenorphine(BUP) Test System   
2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine(EDDP) Test System   
Morphine(MOP) Test System   
Propoxyphene(PPX) Test System   
Tri-cyclic Antidepressants (TCA)Test System

Proprietary names:

One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Cup One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Dipcard

# Co-Innovation Biotech Co., Ltd.

# 4. The Predicate Devices

K122809

Advin Multi-Drug Screen Test Dip Card Advin Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup Advin Multi-Drug Screen Test Cassette

# 5. Device Description

One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Cup and One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Dipcard are competitive binding , lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitatively the detection of Buprenorphine, 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine, Morphine, Propoxyphene, Tri-cyclic Antidepressants and their metabolites at or above the cut-off levels as indicated. The tests can be performed without the use of an instrument.

Test Cup and Test Dipcard use identical test strips made with same chemical formulation and manufacturing procedures.

# 6. Intended Use of Device

One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Cup and One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Dipcard are lateral flow chromatographic immunoassays designed to qualitatively detect the presence of drugs and drug metabolites in human urine at the following cut-off concentrations:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine(BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine(EDDP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine(MOP300)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene(PPX)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tri-cyclic Antidepressants (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

There are two formats: 1) Test Cup, 2) Test Dipcard. Each format may have from 1 to 5 drugs in any combination. The assays are intended for in vitro diagnostic use. They are intended for prescription use including point of care sites and over-the-counter use.

The tests may yield preliminary positive results even when prescription drugs including Buprenorphine, Propoxyphene, or Tricyclic Antidepressants are ingested, at prescribed doses; it is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. There are no uniformly recognized cutoff concentration levels for Buprenorphine, Propoxyphene, or Tricyclic Antidepressants in urine.

This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. Gas Chromatography/Mass spectrometry (GC/MS) or an equivalent analytical method is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

# Co-Innovation Biotech Co., Ltd.

# 7. Comparison to Predicate Devices:

A summary comparison of features of the One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Cup and One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Dipcard and the predicate devices is provided in the following Table：

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate K122809</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection of drugs-of-abusein urine (Buprenorphine,2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine, Morphine ,Propoxyphene, Tri-cyclicAntidepressants)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same ( but the number ofdrugs detected different)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Users</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Over the Counter (OTC) Use andPrescription Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Over the Counter (OTC)Use and Prescription Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine:10 ng/mLEDDP:300 ng/mLMorphine:300 ng/mLPropoxyphene:300 ng/mLTri-cyclic Antidepressants:1000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Read time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, Lateral flowimmunochromatographic assay basedon the principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dipcard and Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette,Dip Card and Cup</td></tr></table>

Remark:

1、 The subject devices have all features of the predicate device except the number of drugs detected . This difference do not affect the performance characteristics of the subject devices.

# 8. Performance Data:

# Accuracy

Single drug Test:

80 clinical urine specimens for each drug were analyzed by GC/MS, LC/MS, or HPLC and by one lot of the corresponding One Step Single drug Test Cup. Samples were divided by concentration into five categories: drug free, less than half the cutoff, near cutoff negative, near cutoff positive, and high positive. Results were as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugTest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Co-InnovationResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug free byGC/MS analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than halfthe cutoffconcentrationby GC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative (Between50% below thecutoff and the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive (Betweenthe cutoff and50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(greater than50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

# Co-Innovation Biotech Co., Ltd.

Analysis of Discordant Results with One Step Single drug Test Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MOP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TCA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>One Step Single drug Test Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>GC/MS Analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug in Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUP**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCA*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td></tr></table>

( $\mathrm { T C A ^ { * } }$ :TCA was based on HPLC data.BUP\*\*:BUP was based on LC/MS data.)

80 clinical urine specimens for each drug were analyzed by GC/MS, LC/MS, or HPLC and by one lot of the corresponding One Step Single drug Test Dipcard. Samples were divided by concentration into five categories: drug free, less than half the cutoff, near cutoff negative, near cutoff positive, and high positive. Results were as follows:

Analysis of Discordant Results with One Step Single drug Test Dipcard   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugTest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Co-InnovationResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug free by C/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than halfthe cutoffconcentrationby GC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative (Between50% below thecutoff and thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive (Betweenthe cutoff and50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(greater than50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BUP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MOP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TCA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# Co-Innovation Biotech Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>One Step Single drug Test Dipcard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>GC/MSAnalysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug in Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUP**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCA*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td></tr></table>

( $\mathrm { T C A ^ { * } }$ :TCA was based on HPLC data.BUP\*\*:BUP was based on LC/MS data.)

Multi-drug Test:

80 clinical urine specimens for each drug were analyzed by GC/MS, LC/MS, or HPLC and by one lot of the corresponding One Step Multi-drug Test Cup. Samples were divided by concentration into five categories: drug free, less than half the cutoff, near cutoff negative, near cutoff positive, and high positive. Results were as follows:

Analysis of Discordant Results with One Step Multi-drug Test Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugTest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Co-InnovationResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug free byNA C/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than halfthe cutoffconcentrationby GC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative (Between50% below thecutoff and thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive (Betweenthe cutoff and50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(greater than50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BUP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MOP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TCA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>One Step Multi-drug Test Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>GC/MSAnalysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug in Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUP**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCA*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td></tr></table>

# Co-Innovation Biotech Co., Ltd.

(TCA\*:TCA was based on HPLC data.BUP\*\*:BUP was based on LC/MS data.)

80 clinical urine specimens for each drug were analyzed by GC/MS, LC/MS, or HPLC and by one lot of the corresponding One Step Multi-drug Test Dipcard. Samples were divided by concentration into five categories: drug free, less than half the cutoff, near cutoff negative, near cutoff positive, and high positive. Results were as follows:

Analysis of Discordant Results with One Step Multi-drug Test Dipcard   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugTest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Co-InnovationResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug free by C/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than halfthe cutoffconcentrationby GC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative (Between50% below thecutoff and thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive (Betweenthe cutoff and50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(greater than50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BUP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MOP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TCA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>One Step Multi-drug Test Dipcard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>GC/MSAnalysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug in Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUP**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCA*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { T C A ^ { * } }$ :TCA was based on HPLC data.BUP\*\*:BUP was based on LC/MS data.)

# Other Information About Performance Characteristics:

The performance characteristics of One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Cup and One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Dipcard were evaluated by precision study, sensitivity study, specificity and cross reactivity study, interference study, stability study and home use consumer study. The study results indicate that One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Cup and One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Dipcard perform satisfactorily when used according to the package inserts.

# 10. Conclusion:

# Co-Innovation Biotech Co., Ltd.

One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Cup and One Step Single/Multi-drug Test Dipcard are substantially equivalent to Advin Multi-Drug Screen Test Dip Card, Advin Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup and Advin Multi-Drug Screen Test Cassette.

--- End of this section ---