LIN-ZHI INTERNATIONAL, INC.BERNICE LIN, PH.D.  
VP OF OPERATIONS  
670 ALMANOR AVE  
SUNNYVALE CA 94085

Re: K141205 Trade/Device Name: LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Calibrators LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG, DKB, DIF Dated: February 2, 2015 Received: February 4, 2015

Dear Dr. Bernice Lin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

Page 2—Dr. Bernice Lin

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Stayce Beck -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) k141205</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Calibrators</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Controls</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

The LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of 6-Acetylmorphine in neat human oral fluid, collected into the LZI Oral Fluid Collector, at the cutoff value of $4 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as GCMS and LCMS or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Calibrators are for use as calibrators in the qualitative and semi-quantitative calibration of the LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay at the cutoff value of $4 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

The LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Controls are for use as assayed quality control materials to monitor the precision o the LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay at the cutoff value of $4 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas or liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, Address, and Contact

Lin-Zhi International, Inc. 670 Almanor Avenue Sunnyvale, CA 94085 Phone: (408) 732-3856 Fax: (408) 732-3849 e-mail: bclin@lin-zhi.com

Contact: Bernice Lin, Ph.D. VP Operations

# Preparation Date

February 12, 2015

# Device Name and Classification

Classification Name:

Enzyme Immunoassay, Opiates Class II, DJG (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR 862.3650

Drug Specific Calibrators, Class II, DLJ (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR 862.3200

Drug Specific Controls, Class I, LAS (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR 862.3280

Common Name:

Homogeneous Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay

Proprietary Name:

LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay, LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Calibrators LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Controls

# Legally Marketed Predicate Device(s)

The LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay (EIA) (k141205) is substantially equivalent to the Lin-Zhi International, Inc. 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay, Calibrators and Controls for Hitachi 717 Systems (k101195) manufactured by Lin-Zhi International, Inc. The LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay is identical or similar to its predicate in terms of intended use, method principle, device components, and clinical performance.

# Device Description

The LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with ready-to-use liquid reagent. The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) for a fixed amount of antibody in the reagent. Enzyme activity decreases upon binding to the antibody, and the drug concentration in the sample is measured in terms of enzyme activity. In the absence of drug in the sample, 6-Acetylmorphine-labeled G6PDH conjugate is bound to antibody, and the enzyme activity is inhibited. On the other hand, when free drug is present in the sample, antibody would bind to free drug, the unbound 6-Acetylmorphine-labeled G6PDH then exhibits its maximal enzyme activity. Active enzyme converts nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH, resulting in an absorbance change that can be measured spectrophotometrically at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ .

The LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay is a kit comprised of two reagents, an $\mathrm { R } _ { 1 }$ and ${ \tt R } _ { 2 }$ which are bottled separately but sold together within the kit.

The $\mathrm { R } _ { 1 }$ solution contains mouse monoclonal anti-6-Acetylmorphine antibody, glucose-6- phosphate (G6P) nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD), stabilizers, and sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as a preservative. The ${ \tt R } _ { 2 }$ solution contains glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled with 6-Acetylmorphine in buffer with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as preservative.

The LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay calibrators and controls designated for use at the $4 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoffs contain 0, 2, 4, 6, 10, and $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ of 6-Acetylmorphine in synthetic oral fluid matrix with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as preservative. These five calibrators and two controls are sold as individual bottles.

# Intended Use

The LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of 6-Acetylmorphine in neat human oral fluid, collected into the LZI Oral Fluid Collector, at the cutoff value of $4 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as GC/MS or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Calibrators are for use as calibrators in the qualitative and semi-quantitative calibration of the LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay at the cutoff value of $4 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Controls are for use as assayed quality control materials to monitor the precision of the LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay at the cutoff value of $4 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

The LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay (k141205) is substantially equivalent to the Lin-Zhi International, Inc. 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay, Calibrators and Controls for Hitachi 717 Systems cleared by the FDA under the premarket notification k101195 for its stated intended use.

The following table compares LZI’s Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay with the predicate device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device (k141205)LZI Oral Fluid 6-AcetylmorphineEnzyme Immunoassay, Calibrators andControls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (k101195)LZI 6-Acetylmorphine EnzymeImmunoassay, Calibrators and Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LZI Oral Fluid 6-AcetylmorphineEnzyme Immunoassay, when used inconjunction with the Beckman AU400eautomated clinical system analyzers, isintended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of 6-Acetylmorphine in neat human oral fluid,collected into the LZI Oral FluidCollector, at the cutoff value 4 ng/mL.The assay is designed for prescription usewith a number of automated clinicalchemistry analyzers.This assay provides a rapid screening procedurefor determining the presence of 6-Acetylmorphinein oral fluid. The assay provides only apreliminary analytical result. A more specificalternative chemical method must be used in orderto obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gaschromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is thepreferred confirmatory method. Clinicalconsideration and professional judgment should beexercised with any drug of abuse test result,particularly when the preliminary test result ispositive.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LZI 6-Acetylmorphine EnzymeImmunoassay, when used in conjunctionwith Hitachi 717 automated clinicalsystem analyzers, is intended for thequalitative and semi-quantitativedetermination of 6-Acetylmorphine inhuman urine, at a cutoff value of 10ng/mL. The assay is designed forprofessional use with a number ofautomated clinical chemistry analyzers.This assay provides a rapid screening procedurefor determining the presence of 6-Acetylmorphinein urine. The assay provides only a preliminaryanalytical result. A more specific alternativechemical method must be used in order to obtain aconfirmed analytical result. Gas or liquidchromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS orLC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.Clinical consideration and professional judgmentshould be exercised with any drug of abuse testresult, particularly when the preliminary test resultis positive.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 Levels(0, 2, 4, 10, 20 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 Levels(0, 5, 10, 20, 40 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels(2 ng/mL, 6 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels(7.5 ng/mL, 12.5 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expiration date</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary: Beckman AU400e Analyzer

# Precision:

Semi-Quantitative Positive/Negative Results:

Qualitative (ΔOD Value) Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32 Pos/48 Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 Pos/12 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 Pos/62 Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 Pos/16 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Recovery:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Value(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed Value(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.0</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison: Clinical Samples

From a total of one-hundred-fifty (150) clinical unaltered samples

Clinical Samples Correlation Results: Semi-Quantitative Accuracy Study

Discrepant samples determined as compared to the Estimated GC/MS Total Value

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 ng/mLCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50 % of thecutoffconcentrationby GC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50 %below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50 %above the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater than50 % above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Discrepant Sample #</td><td>GC/MS 6AM (ng/mL)</td><td>Pos/ Neg Result</td><td>AU400e Immunoassay Semi- Quantitative Result (ng/mL)</td><td>Pos/ Neg Result</td></tr><tr><td>51*</td><td>4.2</td><td>+</td><td>3.5</td><td>-</td></tr></table>

Clinical Samples Correlation Results: Qualitative Accuracy Study (∆OD, mAu)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 ng/mLCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50 % of thecutoffconcentrationby GC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50 %below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50 %above the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater than50 % above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DiscrepantSample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS6AM(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/NegResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU400eImmunoassayQualitativeResult (mAu)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CutoffΔOD(mAu)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/NegResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>662.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>678.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>675.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>701.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

# Endogenous Compound Interference and Specificity - Cross-Reactivity:

No significant undesired cross reactants or endogenous substance interference was observed at physiologically relevant concentrations. Ascorbic Acid concentrations above $3 ~ \mathrm { m g / m L }$ cause false-negative results. See product insert for list of compounds tested.

# Shipping/Recovery Stability Study:

No significant sample degradation occurred following real-time and accelerated stability studies up to 72 hours. All sample shipments are based on the assumption of a 24 hour priority overnight delivery.

# Sample Storage Stability Study:

No significant sample degradation occurred following real-time stability studies. Based on realtime studies, samples can be stored at $2 { - } 8 \ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 15 Days. Based on real-time studies, samples can be stored at ${ } _ { - 2 0 } \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ for up to 113 Days. Real-time stability studies are on-going.

# Open (and re-capped) vial Stability for Reagent and Calibrator/Control:

Real time $\left( 2 \mathrm { - } 8 ^ { \mathrm { o } } \mathrm { C } \right)$ and accelerated stability studies (at room temperature, ${ \sim } 2 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ and $3 0 \mathrm { ^ { o } C }$ ) were performed. Results indicated that opened and recapped calibrators and controls are stable for 6 months when stored at $\left( 2 \mathrm { - } 8 ^ { \mathrm { o } } \mathrm { C } \right)$ .

# Closed vial Stability for Calibrator/Control:

Real time $\left( 2 \mathrm { - } 8 ^ { \mathrm { o } } \mathrm { C } \right)$ stability studies were performed. Results indicated that unopened calibrators and controls are stable for 6 months when stored at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ .

# Summary:

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the LZI Oral Fluid 6- Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its general intended use. Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and physical properties to the commercially available predicate device as confirmed by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS), an independent analytical method. The information supplied in this pre-market notification provides reasonable assurance that the LZI Oral Fluid 6-Acetylmorphine Enzyme Immunoassay is safe and effective for its stated intended use.