November 25, 2014

ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS OPERATIONS   
NOEL MENCIAS   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS PRINCIPAL   
9115 HAGUE ROAD   
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250

Re: K141928 Trade/Device Name: cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Assay ACET2 Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3030 Regulation Name: Acetaminophen test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LDP, DKB Dated: October 10, 2014 Received: October 14, 2014

Dear Mr. Noel Mencias:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k141928

Device Name   
cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 assay   
ACET2 Calibrator

Indications for Use (Describe)

cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 assay:

The cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 assay is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative determination of acetaminophen in serum and plasma for use in the diagnosis of acetaminophen overdose in serum and plasma on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems.

ACET2 calibrator:

The ACET2 calibrator is for use in the calibration of the Acetaminophen Gen.2 Roche assay.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System

# Date prepared:

November 18, 2014

# Purpose of submission

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87, Roche Diagnostics hereby submits official notification as required by Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification [510(k)].

The purpose of this premarket notification is to obtain FDA review and clearance for the cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 assay and Acetaminophen calibrator.

# Measurand

# Acetaminophen

# Type of test

Quantitative homogeneous enzyme immunoassay method

# Applicant

Noel Mencias, Regulatory Affairs Consultant   
Roche Diagnostics   
9115 South Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250   
Telephone: (317) 521-3172   
Fax: (317) 521-2324   
Email: noel.mencias@roche.com

# Candidate device names

Proprietary name: ACET2 calibrator Common name: Acetaminophen calibrator Short name: ACETC

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Regulatory information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3030(Acetaminophen testsystem)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3200 (Clinicaltoxicology calibrator)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# Intended use

The cobas c Acetaminophen assay is intended for use as an vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative determination of acetaminophen overdose in serum and plasma on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems.

The ACET2 calibrator is intended for use in the calibration of the Acetaminophen Gen.2 Roche assay.

# Indications for use

The cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 assay is intended for use as an in vitro test for the quantitative determination of acetaminophen overdose in serum and plasma on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems. Acetaminophen is a widely used analgesic and antipyretic found in a number of over-the-counter and prescription products. When consumed in overdose quantities, acetaminophen may cause severe liver and kidney damage, or death. The patient may have few or no symptoms early after acute overdose of acetaminophen. The only reliable early diagnostic indicator is provided by a quantitative measurement of the serum acetaminophen level.

The ACET2 calibrator is intended for use in the calibration of the Acetaminophen Gen.2 Roche assay. The calibrator is prepared to contain a known quantity of acetaminophen in buffer. The calibrator is used to establish a standard curve from which the quantity of acetaminophen in unknown specimens can be determined.

Special   
conditions for   
use

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Special instrument requirements

For use on the Roche/Hitachi cobas c clinical chemistry analyzer

Candidate device description

The cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 assay is based on a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay technique used for the quantitative analysis of acetaminophen in human serum and plasma.

Reagents are packaged in a cassette labeled with their instrument positioning R1 (Reagent 1) and R2 (Reagent 2).

R1 contains anti-acetaminophen antibody (sheep polyclonal), G6P, NAD, bovine serum albumin, preservatives and stabilizers. R2 contains acetaminophen labeled with bacterial G6PDH, Tris buffer, preservatives, bovine serum albumin, and stabilizers.

The ACET2 calibrator contains a known quantity of acetaminophen. The cobas c 501 analyzer dilutes the ACET2 calibrator on-board the analyzer with NaCl diluent, in order to create five concentration levels, and level 1 is water. This results in a six-level calibrator set, and the calibrator set is then used to establish a standard curve. The ACET2 calibrator contains acetaminophen, phosphate buffer, and preservatives.

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Substantial Equivalence – Assay Similarities

The following table compares the similar features of the candidate device to the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k002974.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Emit® tox™ AcetaminophenAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Acetaminophen Gen.2Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Emit® toxTM AcetaminophenAssay is a homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay intendedfor in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative analysis ofacetaminophen in human serum orplasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The cobas c AcetaminophenGen.2 assay is intended foruse as an in vitro test for thequantitative determination oftoxic levels of acetaminophenin serum and plasma onRoche/Hitachi cobas csystems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentComposition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1: sheep antibodies reactive toacetaminophen, G6P NAD, bovineserum albumin, preservatives, andstabilizersR2: acetaminophen labeled withbacterial G6PDH, Tris buffer,preservatives, bovine serumalbumin, and stabilizers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Shelf LifeStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 200 µg/mL (1324 µmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-200 µg/mL (33.1-1324μmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This method has been standardizedagainst USP reference standards.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal therapeutic doses ofacetaminophen result in serumconcentrations of 1030 µg/mL(66199 µmol/L) in healthy adults.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Substantial Equivalence – Assay Differences

The following table compares the differences of the candidate device to the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k002974.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Emit® toxT AcetaminophenAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Acetaminophen Gen.2 Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent On-BoardStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer specific</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>on-board in use and refrigeratedon the analyzer: 12 weeks</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA, heparin, citrate andoxalate/fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K2 - or K3 -EDTA, or lithiumheparinized plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercially available controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TDM Control Set Level ITDM Control Set Level IITDM Control Set Level III</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Several analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche/Hitachi cobas c 501</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower Limits ofMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The sensitivity level of theEmit® toxT AcetaminophenAssay is less than 0.25 µg/mLacetaminophen. This levelrepresents the lowestconcentration of acetaminophenthat can be distinguished from 0μg/mL with a confidence level of95%.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB = 1.5 μg/mLLoD = 3 μg/mLLoQ = 5 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Substantial equivalence – calibrator similarities

The following table compares the similar features of the candidate device to the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k002974.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Calibrator Comparison Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Emit® tox™ AcetaminophenCalibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:ACET2 Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Emit® toxT AcetaminophenCalibrators are intended for use withthe Emit® toxTM AcetaminophenAssay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACET2 calibrator is for use inthe calibration of theAcetaminophen Gen.2 Rocheassay.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid ready-to-use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage Conditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage and Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>When stored refrigerated at 28°C,the Emit® toxT AcetaminophenCalibrators are stable untilthe expiration date printed on thedropper vial label.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2- 8 °C. Do notfreeze.The calibrator may be useduntil the expiration date whenstored at 2 -8°C.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Substantial equivalence – calibrator difference

The following table compares the difference of the candidate device to the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k002974.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Calibrator Comparison Difference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Emit® toxT AcetaminophenCalibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:ACET2 Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emit® toxT AcetaminophenCalibrators are a six-level set thatcontain the followingacetaminophen concentrations: 0,10, 25, 50, 100, 200 µg/mL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ACET2 calibrator has anominal value of 200 µg/mL ofacetaminophen. The analyzerdilutes the ACET2 calibratoron-board with NaCl diluent, inorder to create fiveconcentration levels, and level1 is water. This results in a six-level calibrator set: 0.0, 10.0,30.2, 75.0, 100, 200 µg/mL.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

# Test principle

The assay is based on a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay technique used for the quantitative analysis of acetaminophen in human serum or plasma. The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) for antibody binding sites. Enzyme activity decreases upon binding to the antibody, so the drug concentration in the sample can be measured in terms of enzyme activity. Active enzyme converts oxidized nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH, resulting in an absorbance change that is measured spectrophotometrically. Endogenous serum G6PDH does not interfere because the coenzyme functions only with the bacterial (Leuconostoc mesenteroides) enzyme employed in the assay.

# Precision

Precision was determined using human samples and controls in accordance with the CLSI EP5-A2 requirements with repeatability $( \mathtt { n } = 8 4 )$ ) and intermediate precision (2 aliquots per run, 2 runs per day, 21 days). The following results were obtained on the Roche/Hitachi cobas c 501.

Repeatability Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Control 3HumanSerum 1HumanSerum 2Human Serum 3HumanSerum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr></table>

Intermediate Precision Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control 3Human Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Method   
Comparison to   
Predicate   
Device Acetaminophen values for human serum samples obtained on   
Roche/Hitachi cobas c 501 analyzer (y) were compared to those determined with the $\operatorname { E m i t } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ tox™ Acetaminophen assay reagent on Olympus AU5400 analyzer (x). The sample concentrations were between 5.2 and $1 9 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ , and they were tested in singlicate.   
Sample size ${ \bf ( n ) } = 1 0 5$

Deming Regression Weighted $\mathrm { y } = 1 . 0 2 \mathrm { x } \cdot 0 . 6 9 9 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ $\mathrm { { r } } = 0 . 9 9 7$

# Linearity

Linearity was assessed according to CLSI EP6-A with one batch of reagent, in one run, and with samples measured in triplicate. Two separate dilution series differing by sample type (serum and Li-Heparin plasma) were prepared with thirteen levels.

The diluted samples span the measuring range including a non-zero sample below the measuring range and a sample above the measuring range.

The linearity results support the measuring range of $5 . 0 { - } 2 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ .

Linear Regression Equation for Serum: $\mathrm { y } = 1 . 0 1 4 \mathrm { x } - 0 . 2 4 8$ Pearson correlation coefficient $\mathbf { \left( R \right) } = 0 . 9 9 8 9 6 3$

Linear Regression Equation for Plasma: $\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 1 1 \mathbf { x } - 0 . 1 9 3$ Pearson correlation coefficient $( \mathrm { R } ) = 0 . 9 9 9 0 1 0$

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Linearity (continued)

Calculation to spiked concentration levels: Linearity Statistics with Serum

Linearity Statistics with Plasma   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LinearitySample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spikedcone.(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e 501 mean(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absolutedeviation(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LinearitySample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spikedcone.(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e 501 mean(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absolutedeviation(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

# Detection limit

LoB, LoD, and LoQ studies were performed based upon CLSI EP17-A2.

LoB Protocol: One analyte-free sample was tested in $\mathrm { n } { = } 5$ with two analyzers with three reagent batches for six runs per day across three days.

LoD Protocol: Five low-analyte samples spiked with acetaminophen were measured in singlicate on two analyzers with three reagent batches for six runs per day across three days.

LoQ Protocol: A low-level sample set of six was measured in two aliquots using three reagent batches on one analyzer over at least six days. The LoQ is determined based on a total error of $20 \%$ .

The LoB, LoD, and LoQ claims represent the specifications for each. LoB claim $= 1 . 5 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$   
LoD claim $= 3 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$   
LoQ claim $= 5 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$

Analytical specificitycross reactivity

Two sample pools at two target concentrations of acetaminophen, one at a low concentration of $\sim 5 . 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ and the second one at a high concentration of $\sim 3 0 . 0$ $\mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are used.

· The absolute bias is calculated as follows:   
Total Bias $=$ Mean concentration of test sample – Mean concentration of   
control sample · The cross reactivity is calculated as follows:   
$\%$ cross reactivity $= ($ ( (Total Bias) / (concentration of test substance) ) x 100

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompoundConcentration(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% crossreactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen cysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophenglucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n.d.*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen mercapturate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n.d.*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n.d.*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1663</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n.d.*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenacitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr></table>

${ \ast } _ { \mathrm { n . d . } } =$ not detectable

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Analytical specificitycross reactivity, continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompoundConcentration(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% crossreactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophenn cysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophenglucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen mercapturate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n.d.*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1663</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n.d.*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenacitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr></table>

\*n.d. $=$ not detectable

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Analytical specificity – interference from endogenous substances

The reagent was evaluated with three endogenous substances, hemoglobin, lipids, and bilirubin for potential interference with the measurement of acetaminophen.

# Data Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Lipemia Level 1Lipemia Level 2Lipemia Level 3Lipemia Level 4Lipemia Level 5Lipemia Level 6Hemolysis Level 1Hemolysis Level 2</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ApproximateAcetaminophenConcentration(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>no interferenceup to</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglyceridetheoreticalvalue (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claim as it appears in thelabeling.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672 L index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1100</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>No significant interferenceup to an L index of 400.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>608 L index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>492 L index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>810</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>418 L index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>698</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>413 Lindex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>682</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>411 Lindex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>678</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>926 H index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>No significant interferenceup to an H index of 800.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>936 H index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Hemolysis Level 3Hemolysis Level 4Hemolysis Level 5Hemolysis Level 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1009 H index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1008 H index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1016 H index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1025 H index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>UnconjugatedBilirubin Level 1UnconjugatedBilirubin Level 2UnconjugatedBilirubin Level 3UnconjugatedBilirubin Level 4UnconjugatedBilirubin Level 5UnconjugatedBilirubin Level 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47 I index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>No significant interferenceup to an I index of 30 forconjugated andunconjugated bilirubin.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 I index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63 I index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63 I index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63 I index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63 I index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Conjugated BilirubinLevel 1Conjugated BilirubinLevel 2Conjugated BilirubinLevel 3Conjugated BilirubinLevel 4Conjugated BilirubinLevel 5Conjugated BilirubinLevel 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 I index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46 I index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 I index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47 I index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 I index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42 I index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Analytical specificity – interference from endogenous substances (continued)

The I Index value corresponds approximately to $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ bilirubin. The H Index value corresponds approximately to $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ hemoglobin. The Triglyceride theoretical value is the calculated correlation of L index to triglyceride concentration.

All data passed the following acceptance criteria:   
Recovery withi $\mathrm { n \pm 1 \mu g / m L }$ of initial value at an acetaminophen level of approximately $5 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ and recovery within $\pm 1 0 \%$ of initial value at an acetaminophen level of approximately $3 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ .

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Analytical specificity— interference from common drugs

Twenty four commonly used drugs were examined for potential interference on measurement with cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 assay.

Drug interference testing was performed with serum sample pools at two target concentrations of acetaminophen $\sim 5$ and $\sim 3 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ).

Acetaminophen concentration in all aliquots is measured in triplicate. The mean value among the triplicates for each aliquot is determined, and the percent recovery to the initial value (no drug in sample) is calculated.

The table below summarizes the common drug interferences data:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Concentration ShownNot to Interfere with ACET2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcystein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalycilic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin-sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 U</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa + 1.5 H2O</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methionine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

All data passed the following acceptance criteria: Difference in recovery of acetaminophen: $\leq 1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ : $\leq \pm 1 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ and $> 1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ : $10 0 \pm 1 0 \%$

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Acetaminophen Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Matrix comparison

Lithium-heparin, $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA, and K3-EDTA are permissible anticoagulants for use with this reagent because they do not interfere with recovery of acetaminophen. In an internal study, 60 tubes were collected per anticoagulant. Plasma results were compared to serum results and percent recovery was determined. In terms of $\%$ recovery to serum, all data passed the following criteria:

For sample concentrations $\leq 1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ , the deviation must be $\leq \pm \mathrm { ~ 1 ~ } \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ .   
For sample concentrations $> 1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ , the deviation must be $\leq \pm 1 0 \%$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>anticoagulants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample concentrationrange tested (μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claimed MeasuringRange (μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li-Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 - 187</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>5-200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K2-EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 - 187</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K3-EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 - 187</td></tr></table>

In addition, method comparisons with plasma vs serum were calculated with the following results (Passing/Bablok):

Serum vs. Li-heparin $\mathbf { y } = 0 . 9 8 9 \mathbf { x } + 0 . 0 8 9 .$ $\mathrm { r } = 0 . 9 9 8$ Serum vs. $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA $\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 0 0 \mathbf { x } - 0 . 0 0 0$ , ${ \mathrm { r } } = 0 . 9 9 8$ Serum vs. $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ -EDTA y = 0.992x – 0.163, r = 0.998

# Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision.