Re: K141748 Trade/Device Name: RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine, RapidFRET Oral Fluid Amphetamine Calibrator Set, RapidFRET Oral Fluid Amphetamine Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3100 Regulation Name: Amphetamine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DKZ, DLJ, LAS Dated: April 27, 2015 Received: April 30, 2015

Dear Dr. Nathaniel Butlin:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of May 20, 2015.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Page 2 – Dr. Nathaniel Butlin

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801).

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801) please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitleGƎ0LVEranding by reference to premarket notificaWLRQƎ(21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k141748

Device Name RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine RapidFRET Oral Fluid Amphetamine Calibrator Set RapidFRET Oral Fluid Amphetamine Control Set

Indications for Use (Describe)

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine is a homogeneous time-resolved fluorescence assay that is intended for prescription use in central laboratories only on the RapidFRET Integrated Workstation. The assay is used to perform a qualitative screen for amphetamine at $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in neat oral fluid samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. This assay provides only a preliminary result. To obtain a confirmed analytical result, a more specific alternate chemical method such as GC/MS or LC/MS/MS is required. Professional judgment should be applied to any drug test result, particularly when using preliminary positive results. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Amphetamine Calibrator Set and RapidFRET Oral Fluid Amphetamine Control Set are intended for use only with the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine and samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. The cutoff calibrator is used to determine the cutoff level and translate the assay measurement into a positive or negative result. The positive and negative controls are used to monitor laboratory systems, operators, precision, accuracy and assay conditions. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine

# 510(k) Summary for the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine

Preparation Date: May 13, 2014

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

The assigned 510(k) number is: K141748

# 807.92(a)(1): Contact Information

Name: Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Address: 1201 Douglas Avenue Redwood City, CA 94063

Contact: Nathaniel G. Butlin, Ph.D. Phone: 650-367-4954 Fax: 650-364-4985

# 807.92(a)(2): Device Name, Common Name and Classification

RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine (Enzyme Immunoassay for Amphetamine) RapidFRET Oral Fluid Amphetamine Calibrator Set (Clinical Toxicology Calibrator) RapidFRET Oral Fluid Amphetamine Control Set (Drug Mixture Control Materials)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assayfor Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 - Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral FluidAmphetamine Calibrator Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DLJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 - Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral FluidAmphetamine Control Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I,Reserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 - Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# 807.92(a)(3): Identification of Legally Marketed Predicate Devices

Roche Diagnostics DAT Oral Fluid Amphetamine (k110446).

# 807.92(a)(4): Device Description

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine is an In Vitro Diagnostic competitive immunoassay used to detect amphetamine in human oral fluid. This is a ready-to-use homogenous system that involves energy transfer between an acceptor fluorophore labeled to an antibody and a donor fluorophore labeled to drug. The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the donor fluorophore for a fixed number of binding sites on the antibody reagent. When acceptor and donor fluorophores

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine

are brought into close proximity through a binding event, energy transfer occurs. The fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) signal is measured at the wavelength of the acceptor fluorophore and is inversely proportional to the amount of drug in the sample. A Cutoff Calibrator is used to translate the sample measurement into a positive or negative result. Controls are used to establish and monitor precision and accuracy.

# 807.92(a)(5): Intended Use

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine is a homogeneous time-resolved fluorescence assay that is intended for prescription use in central laboratories only on the RapidFRET Integrated Workstation. The assay is used to perform a qualitative screen for amphetamine at $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in neat oral fluid samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. This assay provides only a preliminary result. To obtain a confirmed analytical result, a more specific alternate chemical method such as GC/MS or LC/MS/MS is required. Professional judgment should be applied to any drug test result, particularly when using preliminary positive results. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Calibrator Set and RapidFRET Oral Fluid Control Set are intended for use only with the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine and samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. The cutoff calibrator is used to determine the cutoff level and translate the assay measurement into a positive or negative result. The positive and negative controls are used to monitor laboratory systems, operators, precision, accuracy and assay conditions. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

807.92(a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device(RapidFRET AMP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(Roche AMP, K110446)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative determination ofamphetamine in human oral fluid inclinical setting.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative and semi-quantitativedetermination of amphetamine in humanoral fluid in clinical setting.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive homogeneousimmunoassay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive homogeneousimmunoassay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KitComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Drug specific antibody reagent in liquid,ready to use format.1 Drug conjugate reagent in liquid, readyto use format.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Drug specific antibody reagent in liquid,ready to use format.1 Drug conjugate reagent in liquid, readyto use format.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision, accuracy, crossreacting/interfering studies demonstrateequivalence to the predicate device.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision, accuracy, crossreacting/interfering studies are similar tothe RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay forAmphetamine.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrated in bench testing and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrated in bench testing and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device(RapidFRET AMP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(Roche AMP, K110446)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Effectiveness</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">described in Pl, equivalent to predicate.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">described in PI.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neat Oral FluidCutoff Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 ng/mL neat oral fluid.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/mL neat oral fluid using a 40ng/mL cutoff calibrator to account forsample dilution by collection device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RapidFRET Integrated Workstationavailable exclusively from BiophorDiagnostics, Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roche Modular P Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleCollection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neat oral fluid is collected with theRapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector via directexpectoration. No diluent is used andsample is stored in glass sample tubewith inert screw cap.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oral fluid is collected with the InterceptOral Specimen Collection Device. Thisdevice uses an absorbent swab anddiluent. Sample is stored in plastic tubewith snap cap.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle andProcedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drugs in the oral fluid sample competewith the drug conjugate donorfluorophore for a fixed number of bindingsites on the individual drug antibodyacceptor reagents. When acceptor anddonor fluorophores are brought intoclose proximity, through the bindingevent, fluorescent energy transfer ismeasured.The amount of drug in the specimensample is inversely proportional to theassay signal as measured by timeresolved fluorescence.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The assay is based on the sampleanalytes competing with analyteconjugates to antibody coatedmicroparticles for antibody binding sites.The amount of drug in the specimen isdirectly proportional to the assay signalas measured by absorbance.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls andCalibratorLevels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators are available at 0 ng/mL and50 ng/mL. Controls are available at 25ng/mL and 75 ng/mL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators are available at 0 ng/mL and40 ng/mL for qualitative mode. Controlsare available at 20 ng/mL (0.5X) and 60ng/mL (1.5X) levels.</td></tr></table>

# 807.92(b)(1): Brief Description of Study Data:

A series of studies were performed that evaluated the device performance characteristics including precision and analytical sensitivity, correlation with GC/MS and LC/MS/MS, cross reactivity, and analytical specificity that are summarized below.

# Precision and Analytical Sensitivity

Three lots of the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine were analyzed, four times daily, for a minimum of 20 days. Negative oral fluid pools were spiked with amphetamine at $0 \%$ , $2 5 \%$ , $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ , $100 \%$ , $12 5 \%$ , $1 5 0 \%$ , $17 5 \%$ and $200 \%$ of the cutoff level corresponding to approximately 0, 12.5, 25, 37.5, 50, 62.5, 75, 87.5 and $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . Spiked oral fluid was then processed with a RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector prior to analysis. The aggregate data is

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine

summarized in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>All Lots Precision Results Summary by Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278</td></tr></table>

# Correlation with MS Quantitation

Neat oral fluid was collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collection Device from volunteers potentially positive and negative for amphetamine. The samples $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 4 1 5 )$ were randomized and blinded to the instrument operator and assayed using RapidFRET AMP reagents. Following screening, positive and negative samples were sent for confirmatory testing. The summarized data are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Combined Accuracy Data - Detailed Grouping.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 415</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative by the predicatedevice or less than halfthe cutoff concentrationby MS analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Negative(Between 50% below thecutoff and the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Positive(Between the cutoff and50% above the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive (greaterthan 50% above thecutoff concentration)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>321</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

$^ { * } { \cal O } \dagger$ the fourteen samples, twelve samples contained MDA above the cutoff equivalent cross reactivity level (in ng/mL: 151, 113, 109, 93, 90, 82, 73, 70, 56, 51, 51, and 51). The remaining two samples contained high levels of Dimethylcathinone (DMC), a metabolite of the designer drug dimethylmethcathinone and member of the cathinone class of drugs that share significant structural similarities to amphetamine.1 \*\*Samples contained $7 1 . 6 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $7 0 . 3 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ amphetamine.

The data indicate that the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine was accurate $9 9 \%$ of the time in neat oral fluid samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector.

# Cross Reactivity and Analytical Specificity

A compound library of approximately 167 different structurally related and unrelated compounds including metabolites, over-the-counter and prescription medications and other drugs of abuse was used to evaluate cross reactivity and interference. Structurally related compounds were spiked at $3 0 { , } 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ into neat oral fluid pool aliquots with $0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ amphetamine for cross-reactivity determinations, and structurally unrelated compounds were spiked at $3 0 { , } 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ into neat oral fluid pool aliquots with $2 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $7 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ of amphetamine for interference determinations. All samples were processed with the RapidEASE Collector and tested with the RapidFRET AMP assay.

No interference was seen with the tested structurally unrelated compounds. The list of compounds that do not interfere with the assay are listed in the product insert.

For cross-reactivity, the compounds that gave an unexpected result were further titrated to

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine

determine the concentration at which the cross-reacting compound yielded a result approximately equivalent to the cutoff. The cross-reactivity of structurally related compounds are summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Cross-Reactivity Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Equivalent Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodioxolylbutanamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>388 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenethylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine (MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24,167 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,789 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>para-Methoxyamphetamine (PMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>533 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,987 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d/l-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr></table>

A second study evaluated common substances such as foods and dental products as well as pH variations. HSA, ethanol, baking soda, whole blood, hemoglobin, hydrogen peroxide, sodium chloride, cholesterol, denture adhesive, ascorbic acid, bilirubin, IgA, IgG, IgM and salivary $\mathfrak { a }$ -amylase were spiked into neat oral fluid pool aliquots that contained either 25 $\mathsf { n g / m l }$ or $7 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ of $d \cdot$ -amphetamine. Neat oral fluid pool was titrated to pH values of 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, spiked with $d \cdot$ -amphetamine to $2 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $7 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ and assayed with the RapidFRET AMP Assay. The effects of antiseptic mouthwash, cough syrup, cranberry juice, orange juice, tooth paste, chewing tobacco, cigarettes, chewing gum, hard candy, teeth whitening strips, cola, water, antacid, coffee and tea were evaluated by asking volunteers to use a specific item and provide an oral fluid sample. These samples were then spiked with $d \cdot$ - amphetamine to $2 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ or $7 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , processed with a RapidEASE Collector and assayed with the RapidFRET AMP device. All compounds at the listed concentrations gave a NEG result when spiked with $2 5 ~ \mathrm { n g } / \mathrm { m L }$ $d$ -amphetamine and a POS result when spike with 75 $\mathtt { n g } / \mathtt { m L } d$ -amphetamine.

# 807.92(b)(3): Conclusions

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Amphetamine including the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Negative and Cutoff Calibrators, the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Negative and Positive Controls and the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector were determined to be safe and effective for their intended use.