IMMUNALYSIS CORPORATION  
JOSEPH GINETE  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST829 TOWNE CENTER DR.  
POMONA CA 91767

Re: K141803 Trade/Device Name: Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay, Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Controls, Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Calibrators Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG, DLJ, LAS Dated: December 30, 2014 Received: January 2, 2015

Dear Mr. Joseph Ginete:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

Page 2—Mr. Joseph Ginete

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -A

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay, Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Controls and Calibrators

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay:   
The Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with a cutoff of $2 0 0 \mathrm { n g / }$ mL. The assay is intended for use in laboratories for the qualitative and semi-quantitative analysis of Tramadol in human urine with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This assay is calibrated against Tramadol. This in-vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.   
The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as GC-MS or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures. The test is not intended to differentiate between drugs of abuse and prescription use of Tramadol. There are no uniformly recognized drug levels for Tramadol in urine.   
The Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay Kit provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectroscopy (LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Controls:

The Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Controls are used as control materials in the Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay.

Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Calibrators:   
The Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Calibrators are used as calibrators in the Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of Tramadol in urine on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92(c).

Immunalysis Corporation   
Joseph Ginete   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
829 Towne Center Drive Pomona, CA 91767   
(909) 482-0840   
(909) 482-0850   
jginete@immunalysis.com   
February 02, 2015

2. Common Name:

Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Controls Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Calibrators Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Controls Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Calibrators

2. Regulation Number:

D. Legally Marketed Device to Which We are Claiming Equivalence (807.92(A)(3))

1. Predicate Device: LZI Opiate 2000 Enzyme Immunoassay LZI Opiate 2000 Enzyme Controls LZI Opiate 2000 Enzyme Calibrators   
2. Predicate Company: Lin-Zhi International Inc.   
3. Predicate K Number: K120761

# E. Device Description

The assay consists of antibody/ substrate reagent and enzyme conjugate reagent. The antibody/ substrate reagent includes goat antibodies to Tramadol, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) in Tris buffer with Sodium Azide as a preservative. The enzyme conjugate reagent includes tramadol derivative labeled with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) in Tris buffer with Sodium Azide as a preservative. Calibrators and controls are sold separately. Reagents are liquid, ready to use

The tramadol calibrator and controls consists of a single calibrator at 200ng/mL, a control set containing a LOW control at 150ng/mL and a HIGH control at 250ng/mL and a calibrator set containing a negative calibrator, a Level 1 calibrator at 100ng/mL, a Level 2 calibrator at 200ng/mL, a Level 3 calibrator at 500ng/mL and a Level 4 calibrator at 1000ng/mL.

# F. Intended Use

Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay:

The Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with a cutoff of 200ng/mL. The assay is intended for use in laboratories for the qualitative and semi-quantitative analysis of Tramadol in human urine with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This assay is calibrated against Tramadol. This in-vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as GC-MS or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures. The test is not intended to differentiate between drugs of abuse and prescription use of Tramadol. There are no uniformly recognized drug levels for Tramadol in urine.

The Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay Kit provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GCMS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectroscopy (LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Controls:

The Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Controls are used as control materials in the Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay.

Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Calibrators:

The Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Calibrators are used as calibrators in the Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of Tramadol in urine on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

G. Comparison of the new device with the predicate device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (K120761)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of thepresence of opiates in humanurine at a cutoff of 2000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of thepresence of tramadol in humanurine at a cutoff of 200ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Reagents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000ng/mL of Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200ng/mL of Tramadol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogenous EnzymeImmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1 antibody reagent and R2enzyme reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody/ Substrate Reagents andEnzyme Labeled Conjugate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mass SpectroscopyConfirmation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Required for preliminary positiveanalytical results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Required for preliminary positiveanalytical results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal anti-morphinederivative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Goat Polyclonal Antibody toTramadol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2  8°C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2  8°C until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One (1) Level (2000ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One (1) Level (200ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Set Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two (2) Levels (1500ng/mL and2500ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two (2) Levels (150ng/mL and250ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator SetLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five (5) Levels (0, 1000, 2000,4000 and 6000 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five (5) Levels (0, 100, 200, 500and 1000 ng/mL)</td></tr></table>

H. Test Principle

1. Test Principle and Procedure:

This assay uses a Tramadol specific antibody. The assay is based on the competition of Tramadol labeled enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) and the free drug in the urine sample for the fixed amount of antibody binding sites. In the absence of the free drug in the sample, the antibody binds the drug enzyme conjugate and enzyme activity is inhibited. This creates a dose response relationship between drug concentration in the urine sample and enzyme activity. The enzyme G6PDH activity is determined at 340 nm spectrophotometrically by the conversion of NAD to NADH.

I. The following laboratory performance studies were performed to determine substantial equivalence of the Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay to the predicate

1. Precision/ Cutoff Characterization – Study was performed for 20 days, 2 runs per day in duplicate $( N = 8 0 )$ on concentration of $\pm 2 5 \%$ , $\pm 5 0 \%$ , $\pm 7 5 \%$ and $\pm 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff. The study verified that the cutoff serves as a boundary between a negative and positive interpretation of a qualitative result. In addition, it also verified the product performance relative to the ability of the device to produce the same value during repeated measurements. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e.

a. The following is a summary table of the Qualitative Analysis for the 200ng/mL cutoff test data results.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Qualitative Analysis (for 200ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 Negative/36 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

b. The following is a summary table of the Semi-Quantitative Analysis for the 200ng/mL cutoff test data results.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Semi-Quantitative Analysis (for 200ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47 Negative/ 33 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

2. Specificity and Cross-Reactivity – Structurally similar compounds were spiked into drug free urine at levels that will yield a result that is equivalent to the cutoff. The study verified assay performance relative to the ability of the device to exclusively determine certain drugs. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e.

a. The qualitative result summary table is outlined below:   
N.D. $=$ Not Detected $( < 0 . 0 5 \% )$ b. The semi-quantitative result summary table is outlined below:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Structurally Related Compounds - Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n-Desmethyl Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>o-Desmethyl Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N.D.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>o-Desmethyl Venlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N.D.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Structurally Related Compounds - Semi-Quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n-Desmethyl Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>o-Desmethyl Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N.D.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>o-Desmethyl Venlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N.D.</td></tr></table>

3. Interference – Structurally non-similar compounds, endogenous compounds, the effect of pH and the effect of specific gravity was evaluated by spiking the potential interferent into drug free urine containing the target analyte at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff. Boric Acid caused a false negative response at the concentration

tested. All other potential interferents analyzed verified that assay performance is unaffected by externally ingested compounds or an internally existing physiological condition. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e.

a. The following is a summary table of the structurally non-similar compounds for the 200ng/mL cutoff   

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Structurally Non-Similar Compounds (for 200ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cutof</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(150ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">+25% Cutoff (250ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicyclic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S-(+) Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzylpiperazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Bromo-2,5,Dimethoxyphenethylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butabarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazeprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carisoprodol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delta-9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demoxepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desakylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">-25% Cutoff (150ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">+25% Cutoff (250ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1R,2S(-)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1S,2R(+)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EtG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hexobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-hydroxy-delta-9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lamotrigine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S(+)-MDA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDEA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S(+)-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaquolone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3 -glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-6 -glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-desmethyltapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norbuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propranolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R,R(-)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S,S(+)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ritalinic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sufentanil Citrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-9 carboxy THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trazodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoromethylphenyl-piperazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem Tartrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr></table>

b. The following is a summary table of the endogenous compounds results for the 200ng/mL cutoff   
c. Boric Acid interferes with the assay and the limitation has been added to the labeling regarding this compound. d. The following is a summary table of the effect of pH results for the 200ng/mL cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Endogenous Compounds (for 200ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-25% Cutoff (150ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+25% Cutoff (250ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>γ-Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.300 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0075 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Flouride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Effect of pH (for 200ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-25% Cutoff (150ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+25% Cutoff (250ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

e. The following is a summary table of the effect of specific gravity result for the 200ng/mL cutoff:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Effect of Specific Gravity (for 200ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-25% Cutoff (150ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+25% Cutoff (250ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

4. Linearity/ Recovery– A drug free urine pool was spiked with a high concentration of the target analyte as a high value specimen. Additional pools were made by serially diluting the high value specimen. The study verified assay linearity in the semi-quantitative mode. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e.

a. Summary results are listed in the following table:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Linearity/ Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>426</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>647</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>770</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>853</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>911</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>944</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1059</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr></table>

5. Method Comparison – Unaltered, anonymous and discarded clinical urine samples obtained from clinical testing laboratories were analyzed with the test device. The study verified that the product performance can be verified by Mass Spectrometry. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e and an Agilent 6430 Liquid Chromatography Tandem Mass Spectrometry.

a. The following is a comparison table of qualitative assay performance for the 200ng/mL cutoff

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LC/MSConfirmation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr></table>

b. The following is a summary table of qualitative assay performance for the 200ng/mL cutoff

Assay Performance verified by LC/MS – 200ng/mL Cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Tramadol Concentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 100ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ~ 199 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ~ 300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative/ Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative/ Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

c. The following is a comparison table of semi-quantitative assay performance for the 200ng/mL cutoff

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LC/MS Confirmation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr></table>

d. The following is a summary table of semi-quantitative assay performance for the 200ng/mL cutoff

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Assay Performance verified by LC/MS - 200ng/mL Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Tramadol Concentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 100ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ~ 199 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ~ 300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-Quantitative/ Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-Quantitative / Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

6. Stability –

a. A closed accelerated stability study was performed on reagents, calibrators and controls at $\boldsymbol { 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } }$ to establish the initial expiration dating. The stability study supported an initial expiration date of 1 year for

reagents. This stability study supported an initial expiration date of 12 months for calibrators and controls. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e.

1. The following is a summary of the qualitative stability data. The 0 and 150ng/mL levels were negative in comparison to the 200ng/mL cutoff for Day 0, 2, 8, 16, 24, 32 and 40. The 250ng/mL level was positive in comparison to the 200ng/mL cutoff for Day 0, 2, 8, 16, 24, 32 and 40. This accelerated stability study was performed to establish initial expiration dating. Real time stability studies are ongoing.

2. The following is a summary of the semi-quantitative stabililty data for the 200ng/mL cutoff. The 150ng/mL level was negative in comparison to the 200ng/mL cutoff for Day 0, 2, 8, 16, 24, 32 and 40. The 250ng/mL level was positive in comparison to the 200ng/mL cutoff for Day 0, 2, 8, 16, 24, 32 and 40. This accelerated stability study was performed to establish initial expiration dating. Real time stability studies are ongoing.

b. An open/ on-board stability study was performed on reagents to establish expiration dating when reagents are opened and stored on board the instrument at ${ } ^ { 2 ^ { \circ } \complement }$ to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . The stability study supported an initial open vial expiration date of 28 days. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e.

1. The following is a summary of the qualitative open/ on-board stability data for the 200ng/mL cutoff. All replicates for the 150ng/mL level were negative in comparison to the 200ng/mL cutoff for Day 0, 7, 14, 21 and 28. All replicates of the 250ng/mL level were positive in comparison to the 200ng/mL cutoff for Day 0, 7, 14, 21 and 28.

2. The following is a summary of the semi-quantitative open/ onboard stability data for the 200ng/mL cutoff. The mean of the replicates for the 150ng/mL level were negative in comparison to the 200ng/mL cutoff for Day 0, 7, 14, 21 and 28. The mean of the replicates of the 250ng/mL level were positive in comparison to the 200ng/mL cutoff for Day 0, 7, 14, 21 and 28.

c. A Specimen and Storage Handling study was performed on a specimen below the cutoff near the bracketing control and a specimen above the cutoff near the bracketing control to establish specimen storage and handling stability at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ . The stability study supported a 1 month specimen storage and handling recommendation at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ .

1. The following is a summary of the Mass Spectrometry data. The specimen below the cutoff was negative in comparison to the 200ng/mL cutoff for Day 0, Week 1, 2, 3 and 4. The specimen above the cutoff was positive in comparison to the 200ng/mL cutoff for Day 0, Week 1, 2, 3 and 4.

7. Calibrator and Control Traceability – all components of the calibrator and controls have been traced to a commercially available standard solution from Cerilliant Chemicals.

8. Calibrator and Control Stability - An open accelerated stability study was performed at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ to establish the initial open vial expiration dating. The stability study supported an initial open vial expiration date of 6 months. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e. All calibrator levels (100, 200, 500 and $1 0 0 0 \mathsf { n g / m L }$ ) and control levels (150 and $2 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ) were within specifications for Day 0, 3, 7, 10 and 13. This accelerated stability study was

performed to establish initial expiration dating. Real time stability studies are ongoing.

9. Calibrator and Control Value Assignment – calibrators and controls are manufactured and are tested by mass spectrometry. If any of the analytes are out of the acceptable range, then the calibrator or control is adjusted and retested. Values are assigned to the calibrator and controls once the Mass spectrometry results are within the acceptable ranges.

# J. Conclusion

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the Immunalysis Tramadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its general intended use.