LIN-ZHI INTERNATIONAL, INC.BERNICE LIN  
VP OPERATIONS  
670 ALMANOR AVE.  
SUNNYVALE CA 94085

Re: K141320 Trade/Device Name: LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay, LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Calibrators LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3870 Regulation Name: Cannabinoid test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LDJ, DLJ, LAS Dated: April 22, 2015 Received: April 23, 2015

Dear Bernice Lin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For:

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) k141320</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Calibrators</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Controls</td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

The LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of Cannabinoids in neat human oral fluid, collected into the LZI Oral Fluid THC Collector, at the cut-off value of $4 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ with $\Delta 9 -$ tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) as calibrators. The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as GCMS and LCMS or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas or liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

The LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Calibrators are for use as calibrators in the qualitative and semi-quantitative calibration of the LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay at the cut-off value of $4 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Controls are for use as assayed quality control materials to monitor the precision of the LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay at the cut-off value of $4 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Preparation Date

May 22, 2015

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, Address, and Contact

Lin-Zhi International, Inc. 670 Almanor Avenue Sunnyvale, CA 94085 Phone: (408) 732-3856 Fax: (408) 732-3849 e-mail: bclin@lin-zhi.com

Contact: Bernice Lin, Ph.D. VP Operations

# Device Name and Classification

Classification Name:

Enzyme Immunoassay, Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Class II, LAF (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR 862.3870

Drug Specific Calibrators, Class II, DLJ (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR 862.3200

Drug Specific Controls, Class I, LAS (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR 862.3280

Common Name:

Homogeneous Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay

Proprietary Name:

LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay, LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Calibrators LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Controls

# Legally Marketed Predicate Device(s)

The LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay (k141320) is substantially equivalent to the Lin-Zhi International, Inc. Cannabinoid (cTHC) Enzyme Immunoassay, Calibrators and Controls for Hitachi 717 Systems (k110239) manufactured by Lin-Zhi International, Inc. The LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay is identical or similar to its predicate in terms of intended use, method principle, device components, and clinical performance.

# Device Description

The LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with ready-touse liquid reagent. The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) for a fixed amount of antibody in the reagent. Enzyme activity decreases upon binding to the antibody, and the drug concentration in the sample is measured in terms of enzyme activity. In the absence of drug in the sample, cannabinoid derivative-labeled G6PDH conjugate is bound to antibody, and the enzyme activity is inhibited. On the other hand, when free drug is present in the sample, antibody would bind to free drug, the unbound cannabinoid derivative-labeled G6PDH then exhibits its maximal enzyme activity. Active enzyme converts nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH, resulting in an absorbance change that can be measured spectrophotometrically at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ .

The LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay is a kit comprised of two reagents, an $\mathrm { R } _ { 1 }$ and ${ \sf R } _ { 2 }$ which are bottled separately but sold together within the kit.

The $\mathrm { R } _ { 1 }$ solution contains mouse monoclonal anti-Cannabinoids antibody, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD), stabilizers, and sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as a preservative. The ${ \sf R } _ { 2 }$ solution contains glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled with Cannabinoids, stabilizers, in buffer with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as preservative.

The LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay calibrators and controls designated for use at the $4 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoffs contain 0, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and $1 2 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ of $\Delta ^ { 9 }$ -tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) in synthetic oral fluid with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as preservative. These five calibrators and two controls are sold as individual bottles.

# Intended Use

The LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative and semiquantitative determination of cannabinoids in neat human oral fluid, collected into the LZI Oral Fluid THC Collector, at the cutoff value $4 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ with $\Delta ^ { 9 }$ -tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) as calibrators. The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as GC/MS or LC/MS or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas or Liquid Chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

The LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Calibrators are for use as calibrators in the qualitative and semi-quantitative calibration of the LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay at the cutoff value $4 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Controls are for use as assayed quality control materials to monitor the precision of the LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay at the cutoff value of $4 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

# Comparison to Predicate Device

The LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay (k141320) is substantially equivalent to the Lin-Zhi International, Inc. Cannabinoid (cTHC) Enzyme Immunoassay, Calibrators and Controls for Hitachi 717 Systems cleared by the FDA under the premarket notification k110239 for its stated intended use.

The following table compares LZI’s Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay (k141320) with the predicate device.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device (k141320)LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids EnzymeImmunoassay, Calibrators, and Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (k110239)LZI Cannabinoid (cTHC) EnzymeImmunoassay, Calibrators and Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LZI Oral Fluid CannabinoidsEnzyme Immunoassay is intended for thequalitative and semi-quantitativedetermination of Δ°-tetrahydrocannabinol(THC) in neat human oral fluid, collectedinto the LZI Oral Fluid THC Collector,using the cutoff value 4 ng/mL with Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) as thecalibrator. The assay is designed forprescription use with a number ofautomated clinical chemistry analyzers.This assay provides a rapid screening procedurefor determining the presence of cannabinoids inoral fluid. The assay provides only a preliminaryanalytical result. A more specific alternativechemical method must be used in order to obtain aconfirmed analytical result. Gas or Liquidchromatography/ mass spectrometry (GC/MS orLC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.Clinical consideration and professional judgmentshould be exercised with any drug of abuse testresult, particularly when the preliminary test resultis positive.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LZI Cannabinoids (cTHC) EnzymeImmunoassay, when used in conjunctionwith Hitachi 717 automated clinicalsystem analyzers, is intended for thequalitative and semi-quantitativedetermination of Cannabinoids in humanurine using 11-nor-∆9-THC-9-COOH (themajor metabolite of THC referred to hereas cTHC) as calibrator at the cutoff valuesof 25, 50, or 100 ng/mL. The assay isdesigned for professional use with anumber of automated clinical chemistryanalyzers.This assay provides a rapid screening procedurefor determining the presence of Cannabinoids(cTHC) in urine. The assay provides only apreliminary analytical result. A more specificalternative chemical method must be used in orderto obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas orliquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MSor LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.Clinical consideration and professional judgmentshould be exercised with any drug of abuse testresult, particularly when the preliminary test resultis positive.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ-THC-9-carboxylic acid(cTHC)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25, 50, 100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 Levels(0, 2, 4, 6, 12 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC 25: 5 Levels(0, 12.5, 25, 37.5, 50 ng/mL)THC 50: 5 Levels(0, 25, 50, 75, 100 ng/mL)THC 100: 5 Levels(0, 50, 100, 150, 200 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels(3 ng/mL, 5 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC 25: 2 Levels,(18.75 ng/mL, 31.25 ng/mL)THC 50: 2 Levels,(37.5 ng/mL, 62.5 ng/mL)THC 100: 2 Levels,(75 ng/mL, 125 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expiration date</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary: Beckman AU400e Analyzer

# Precision: Precision:

Semi-Quantitative Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 Pos/3 Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54 Positive/26 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

Qualitative Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 Pos/2 Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59 Pos/21 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison: Clinical Samples

Forty two (42) positive and forty one (41) negative unaltered oral fluid samples were evaluated by the LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoid Enzyme Immunoassay using the Beckman AU400e clinical analyzer and compared to GC/MS. All samples were collected using the LZI Oral Fluid Collector and were processed following insert instructions. Results from the study are presented below:

Qualitative Method Comparison Data:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 ng/mLCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50 % of thecutoffconcentrationby GC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50 %below thecutoff and thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater than50 % above thecutoffconcentration)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OF THC GC/MS concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Qualitative Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6*</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>4 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Semi-Quantitative Method Comparison Data:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 ng/mLCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50 % of thecutoffconcentrationby GC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50 %below thecutoff and thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater than50 % above thecutoffConcentration)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OF THCGC/MSconcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Semi-Quantitative Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8*</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>4 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Endogenous Compound Interference and Specificity - Cross-Reactivity:

No endogenous substance interference was observed when tested at physiologically relevant concentrations. Ascorbic Acid at concentrations above $2 ~ \mathrm { m g / m L }$ and $\mathsf { p H }$ levels 3, 4, and 5 can cause false-negative results. See product insert for list of compounds tested.

# Exogenous Compound Interference and Specificity - Cross-Reactivity:

Few exogenous substance interferences were observed. Ethyl Alcohol at concentrations above $3 \% \mathrm { V / V }$ and Reduced Fat Milk $2 \%$ milk fat) at concentrations above $1 \% \mathrm { V / V }$ can cause falsenegative results. See product insert for list of compounds tested.

# Shipping/Recovery Stability Study:

No significant sample degradation occurred following real-time and accelerated stability studies up to 72 hours in amber glass vials. All sample shipments are shipped with gel-ice and are based on the assumption of a 24 hour priority overnight delivery.

# Sample Storage Stability Study:

No significant sample degradation occurred following real-time stability studies on processed samples. Based on real-time studies, samples can be stored at $2 { - } 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 22 Days or at -20 $^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 29 Days in amber glass vials.

# Open (and re-capped) vial Stability for Calibrator/Control:

Real time $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ and accelerated stability studies (at room temperature, ${ \sim } 2 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ and $3 0 \mathrm { ^ { \circ } C }$ ) were carried out for 446 Days (beyond 14 months) and results indicate that calibrators/controls are sensitive to temperature and must be stored at cold temperature $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ . We claim an open (recapped)-vial stability up to 12 months when stored at cold temperature $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ .

# Closed vial Stability for Calibrator/Control:

Real time $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ stability studies were carried out and are at 204 Days (beyond 6 Months) and results indicate that calibrators/controls are stable when stored at Cold $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ , up to at least 6 months. Closed vial stability studies will remain on-going.

# Summary:

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoid Enzyme Immunoassay (k141320) is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its general intended use. Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and physical properties to the commercially available predicate device as confirmed by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS), an independent analytical method. The information supplied in this pre-market notification provides reasonable assurance that the LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoid Enzyme Immunoassay is safe and effective for its stated intended use.