HEALGEN SCIENTIFIC LLCC/O JOE SHIALSI INTERNATIONAL INC.504 EAST DIAMOND AVE., SUITE FGAITHERSBURG MD 20877

Re: K142280 Trade/Device Name: Healgen Oxazepam Test (Strip, Cassette, Cup, Dip Card); Healgen Morphine Test (Strip, Cassette, Cup, Dip Card) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3170 Regulation Name: Benzodiazepine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JXM, DJG Dated: August 12, 2014 Received: August 15, 2014

Dear Mr. Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k142280

Device Name Healgen Oxazepam Test (Strip, Cassette, Cup, Dip Card) Healgen Morphine Test (Strip, Cassette, Cup, Dip Card)

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Heaexazeamrotgrahi  alitativeatioea the benzodiazepine class) in human urine at a Cut-Off concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m ~ L }$ The test is available in a Strip format, a Cassette format, a Dip Card format and a Cup format.

T  i e t uTi ratn vT ov earyupec chemical me must  usrde bai  crme nalytial eul/ he pereca metodClinicalconsideration n professionaljudment should be exerciswith anydrug abuseteresult particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

Hohalh opiate class) in human urine at a Cut-Off concentration of $2 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The test is available in a Strip format, a Cassette format, a Dip Card format and a Cup format.

T  eeil us al C hu For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Te buren meorhcollectionoationate verahours ppnsl time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete a review the collection iformation. Send comments regarding this burden timat r anyhe pe of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

1. Date:

October 6, 2014

2. Submitter:

HEALGEN SCIENTIFIC LLC   
5213 Maple St   
Bellaire, TX77401

3. Contact person:

Jianqiu Fang   
HEALGEN SCIENTIFIC LLC   
5213 Maple St   
Bellaire, TX77401   
Telephone: 713-733-8088   
Fax: 713-733-8088   
Email: bryan@healgen.com

4. Device Name: Healgen Oxazepam Test (Strip, Cassette, Cup, Dip Card) Healgen Morphine Test (Strip, Cassette, Cup, Dip Card)

Classification:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3170 Benzodiazepine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3650 Opiate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices:

K052115   
First Check Multi Drug Cup 12

6. Intended Use

Healgen Oxazepam Test is an immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative determination of Oxazepam (a drug in the benzodiazepine class) in human urine at a Cut-Off concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The test is available in a Strip format, a Cassette format, a Dip Card format and a Cup format.

The test may yield preliminary positive results even when prescription drug Oxazepam is ingested, at prescribed doses; it is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of this drug. There is no uniformly recognized cutoff concentration level for oxazepam in urine. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

Healgen Morphine Test is an immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative determination of morphine (a drug in the opiate class) in human urine at a Cut-Off concentration of $2 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The test is available in a Strip format, a Cassette format, a Dip Card format and a Cup format.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

# 7. Device Description

Healgen Oxazepam Test and Healgen Morphine Test are immunochromatographic assays for Oxazepam and Morphine. Each assay test is a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of Oxazepam and Morphine (target analyte) in human urine. The products are in vitro diagnostic devices, which come in the form of: Strips, Cassettes, DipCards, or Cups. Each product contains a Test Device (in one of the four formats), and a package insert. Each test device is sealed with a desiccant in an aluminum pouch.

8. Substantial Equivalence Information A summary comparison of features of the Healgen Oxazepam Test and Healgen Morphine Test and the predicate device is provided in Table 1 & Table 2.

Table 1: Features Comparison of Healgen Oxazepam Test and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate -K052115</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination of drugsof abuse in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BenzodiazepineDrug Class</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Features Comparison of Healgen Morphine Test and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate -K052115</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter and prescriptionuses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Forover-the-counteruse.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip, Cassette, Cup, Dip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate - K052115</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination ofdrugs of abuse in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiate Drug Class</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays basedon the principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter and prescriptionuses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counteruse.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip, Cassette, Cup, Dip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td></tr></table>

# 9. Test Principle

Healgen Oxazepam Test and Healgen Morphine Test are rapid tests for the qualitative detection of Oxazepam and Morphine in urine samples. Each assay test is a lateral flow chromatographic immunoassay. During testing, a urine specimen migrates upward by capillary action. If target drugs are present in the urine specimen below its cut-off concentration, it will not saturate the binding sites of its specific antibody (monoclonal mouse antibody) coated on the particles. The antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized drug-conjugate and a visible colored line will show up in the test line region. The colored line will not form in the test line region if the target drug level exceeds its cut-off concentration because it will saturate all the binding sites of the antibody coated on the particles. A band should form in the control region of the devices regardless of the presence of drug or metabolite in the sample.

# 10.Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a.Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut-off, - $. 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off, at the cut-off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut-off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off. These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by GC/MS. All sample aliquots were blind labeled and randomized. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables:

# Oxazepam

Strip Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1201001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-/28+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1201002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-/28+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1201003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-/28+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

Cassette Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1201004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1201005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1201006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# Dip Card Format

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1201007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-/32+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1201008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-/32+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1201009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-/32+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

CUP Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1201010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-/30+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1201011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-/30+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1201012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-/30+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# Morphine

# Strip Format

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1112001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-/32+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1112002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-/32+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1112003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-/32+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

Cassette Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1112004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-/28+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot:1112005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-/28+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1112006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-/28+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# Dip Card Format

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1112007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-/28+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1112008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-/28+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1112009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-/28+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# CUP Format

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1112010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-/30+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1112011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-/30+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: 1112012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-/30+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity

Not applicable.

c.Stability

The devices are stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study at $4 5 \mathrm { ^ \circ C }$ and real time stability determination at both $4 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and $3 0 \%$ .

Control materials are not provided with the device. The labeling provides information on how to obtain control materials.

# d. Cut-off

A total of 150 samples equally distributed at concentrations of $- 5 0 \%$ cut-off; $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off; cut-off; $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off; $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off were tested using three different lots of each device by three different operators. Results were all positive at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off and all negative at and below $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off for both Oxazepam and Morphine. The following cut-off values for the test devices have been verified.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td></tr></table>

# e.Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and target drugs urine with concentration at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above cut-off levels. These urine samples were tested using three batches of each device for all formats.

Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized in the following tables. There were no differences observed for different formats.

Oxazepam   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Acetamidophenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecaonine dydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetvprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecqonine methylester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetvsalicvlic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)-Y-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopvrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amityptvline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amorbarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanotamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D.L-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxy-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apormorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D.L-Propanolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzillic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Iproniazid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecaonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin(5-Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhvdrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone,3 Acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone,(β-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+) 3,4-Methylenedioxy-amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+)3,4-Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D.L-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolbutamide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triyptamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D.L-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethlorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclolrfenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diaoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D.L-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

# Morphine

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Acetamidophenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methylester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) -Y -Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone-3-sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitryptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl-p-aminobenzoate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxy methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Propanolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin (±)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Iproniazid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin (5-Hydroxytyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">() Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone, 3 Acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone3 (β-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+) 3,4-Methylenedioxy-amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+)3,4-Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D, L-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolbutamide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tryptamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D, L-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr></table>

# f. Specificity

To test the specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in urine samples were tested using three batches of each device for all formats. The obtained lowest detectable concentration was used to calculate the cross-reactivity. There were no differences observed for different formats.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam(Cut-off=300 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultPositive at 300 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%Cross-Reactivity100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 200 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 1560 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide HCL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 1560 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 100 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 780 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clorazepate Dipotassium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 200 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 1560 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desalkylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 400 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 200 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 2500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 400 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">a-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 1260 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 1560 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RS-Lorazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 160 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">188%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 12500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 100 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norchlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 200 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 400 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 100 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 2500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine(Cut-off=2000 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultPositive at 2000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%Cross-Reactivity100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">06-Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 2500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 1000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EthylMorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 250 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 5000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 2500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 5000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 75000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thebaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 13,000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15%</td></tr></table>

# g. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples with of 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with $\mathsf { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above cut-off levels. These samples were tested using three batches of each device for all formats. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off and all negative for samples at and below $- 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off. There were no differences observed for different formats.

# 2. Comparison Studies

The method comparison studies for the Oxazepam Test, and the Morphine Test were performed in-house with three different laboratory assistants for each format of the device. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples. The samples were blind labeled and compared to GC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below:

Oxazepam   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stripformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of Oxazepam Strip   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>549</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>549</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>579</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>549</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassetteformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffNegativeby GC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of Oxazepam Cassette   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>549</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>579</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>549</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>579</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>549</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>579</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of Oxazepam Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Cupformat</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LowNegative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative by</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negativeby GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive by</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>549</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>579</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>549</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of OxazepamDip Card   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Dip Cardformat</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive by</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HighPositive by</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negativeby GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative by</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(greaterthan+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC/MS Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DipCard FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">505</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">549</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">306</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC/MS Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dip Card FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">523</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">303</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">579</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">312</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">505</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">549</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">306</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">523</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">303</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">579</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">312</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">549</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">306</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">523</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">303</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr></table>

Morphine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Stripformat</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive by</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negativeby GC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Negative byGC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>by</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(Between-50% and</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(greaterthan+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>cut-off)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of Morphine Strip   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC/MS Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">468</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2036</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">466</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">453</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2066</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">449</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">468</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2036</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">466</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">453</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2066</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">449</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">466</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC/MS Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">StripFormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">449</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Cassetteformat</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negativeby GC/MS</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative byGC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive by</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of Morphine Cassette   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>466</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>466</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>466</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Dip Cardformat</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=3>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive by</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative by</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eby</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(greaterthan+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of Morphine Dip Card   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip Card FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>466</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>466</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2067</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>466</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2067</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Cupformat</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=5 colspan=3>Negative</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>LowNegativeby GC/MS</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive by</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive by</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GC/MS</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GC/MS</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GC/MS</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Betweenthe cut-off</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(greaterthan+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>and +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of Morphine Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>466</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>466</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>466</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Lay-user study

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 140 lay persons testing the Oxazepam devices and another set of 140 persons testing the morphine devices. A total of 44 females and 96 males tested the Oxazepam samples, and 41 females and 99 males tested the Morphine samples. They had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 21 to $> 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; negative, $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drugs into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by GC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. The results are summarized below.

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Oxazepam Strip)   
Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Oxazepam Cassette)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Oxazepam Concentrationby GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Oxazepam Concentrationby GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Oxazepam DipCard)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Oxazepam Concentrationby GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Oxazepam Cup)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Oxazepam Concentrationby GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Morphine Strip)   
Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Morphine Cassette)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MOP Concentration byGC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MOP Concentration byGC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Morphine DipCard)   
Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Morphine Cup)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MOP Concentration byGC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MOP Concentration byGC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

# 3. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# 11.Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity and method comparison of the devices, it’s concluded that the Healgen Oxazepam Test, and Healgen Morphine Test are substantially equivalent to the predicate.