POLYMED THERAPEUTICS, INC. C/O JOE SHIA LSI INTERNATIONAL INC. 504 EAST DIAMOND AVE., SUITE F GAITHERSBURG MD 20877

Re: K142408 Trade/Device Name: FaStep Marijuana Tests (Strip, Panel Dip, Quick Cup, Turn-Key Split Cup); FaStep Methamphetamine Test (Strip, Panel Dip, Quick Cup, TurnKey Split Cup) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3870 Regulation Name: Cannabinoid test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LDJ, LAF Dated: August 25, 2014 Received: August 28, 2014

Dear Mr. Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k142408

Device Name FaStep Marijuana Tests (Strip, Panel Dip, Quick Cup, Turn-Key Split Cup) FaStep Methamphetamine Tests (Strip, Panel Dip, Quick Cup, Turn-Key Split Cup)

Indications for Use (Describe)   
FaStep Marijuana Tests are immunochromatographic assays for the qualitative determination of 11-nor- $\triangle 9$ -THC-9- COOH in human urine at a cut-off concentration of $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ The test is available in a Strip format, a Panel Dip format, a Quick Cup format and a Turn-Key Split Cup format.

T  ee u hu u u u For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

FaStep Methamphetamine Tests are immunochromatographic assays for the qualitative determination of methamphetamine in human urine at a cut-off concentration of $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The test is available in a Strip format, a Panel Dip format, a Quick Cup format and a Turn-Key Split Cup format.

T  eueilus C hu u  u For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden timeor his collection  inormation s stimated toaveragehours per esponse, icludinghe m reviw instructions, searh existig dat sources gatheran maintain hedata neede ancoplet a review the collectioninformation Send comments garding ths burdenestimate o ay her ase of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) SUMMARY

1. Date:

September 23, 2014

2. Submitter:

POLYMED THERAPEUTICS, INC 3040 Post Oak Blvd Ste 1110 Houston, TX 77056

3. Contact person:

Frank Luo   
POLYMED THERAPEUTICS, INC   
3040 Post Oak Blvd Ste 1110   
Houston, TX 77056   
Telephone: 713-777-7088   
Fax: 713-777-7091   
Email: frank.luo@polymedt.com

4. Device Name:

FaStep Marijuana Tests (Strip, Panel Dip, Quick Cup, Turn-Key Split Cup)   
FaStep Methamphetamine Tests (Strip, Panel Dip, Quick Cup, Turn-Key Split Cup)

Classification: Class II   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3870 Cannabinoid Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3610 Methamphetamine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# 5. Predicate Devices: k052115 FIRST CHECK DIAGNOSTICS LLC

6. Intended Use:

FaStep Marijuana Tests are immunochromatographic assays for the qualitative determination of 11-nor- $\cdot \Delta 9$ -THC-9-COOH in human urine at a cut-off concentration of $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The test is available in a Strip format, a Panel Dip format, a Quick Cup format and a Turn-Key Split Cup format.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

FaStep Methamphetamine Tests are immunochromatographic assays for the qualitative determination of methamphetamine in human urine at a cut-off concentration of $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The test is available in a Strip format, a Panel Dip format, a Quick Cup format and a Turn-Key Split Cup format.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

7. Device Description:

Immunochromatographic assays for Marijuana and Methamphetamine Urine Tests use a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of 11-nor- $. \Delta 9$ -THC-9-COOH and Methamphetamine (target analyte) in human urine. Each assay uses a monoclonal antibody-dye conjugate against drugs with gold chloride and fixed drug-protein conjugates and anti-mouse IgG polyclonal antibody in membranes.

8. Substantial Equivalence Information:

A summary comparison of features of the FaStep Marijuana Test and FaStep Methamphetamine Test and the predicate devices is provided in Table 1 & Table 2.

Table 1: Features Comparison of FaStep Marijuana Test and the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate -K052115</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination of11-nor-∆9-THC-9-COOH in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same (but thenumber of drugsdetected isdifferent)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative to indicate positive or negativeresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter and prescriptionuses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Forover-the-counteruse.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip, Panel Dip, Cup, and Turn-Key SplitCup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Features Comparison of FaStep Methamphetamine Test and the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate - K052115</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination ofMethamphetamine in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same (but thenumber of drugsdetected is different)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays basedon the principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative to indicate positive ornegative result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter and prescriptionuses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counteruse.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip, Panel Dip, Cup, and Turn-KeySplit Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td></tr></table>

9. Test Principle

These are rapid tests for the qualitative detection of 11-nor- $\cdot \Delta 9$ -THC-9-COOH or Methamphetamine in urine samples. These are lateral flow chromatographic immunoassays. During testing, a urine specimen migrates upward by capillary action. If target drugs are present in the urine specimen below its cut-off concentration, it will not saturate the binding sites of its specific antibody coated on the particles. The antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized drug-conjugate and a visible colored line will show up in the test line region. The colored line will not form in the test line region if the target drug level exceeds its cut-off-concentration because it will saturate all the binding sites of the antibody coated on the particles. A line should form in the control region of the test devices regardless of the presence of drug in the sample.

10. Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of - $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut-off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off , $+ 7 5 \%$ cut-off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off. These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by GC/MS. All sample aliquots were blind-labeled and randomized. For each concentration,

tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables:

# THC Strip Format

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: THC1304001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-/49+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: THC1304002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: THC1304003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# THC Panel Dip Format

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSD1305001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-/49+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSD1305002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSD1305003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# THC Turn-Key Split Cup Format

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSCP1305004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-/49+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSCP1305005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSCP1305006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# THC Quick Cup Format

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSCP1305007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSCP1305008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSCP1305009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# MET Strip Format

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MET1303001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MET1303002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MET1303003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-/49+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# MET Panel Dip Format

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSD1305001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSD1305002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSD1305003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-/49+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

MET Turn-Key Split Cup Format   

<table><tr><td>Result</td><td>-100%</td><td>-75%</td><td>-50%</td><td>-25%</td><td>cut-off</td><td>+25%</td><td>+50%</td><td>+75%</td><td>+100%</td></tr><tr><td>Drug</td><td>cut-off</td><td>cut-off</td><td>cut-off</td><td>cut-off</td><td></td><td>cut-off</td><td>cut-off</td><td>cut-off</td><td>cut-off</td></tr><tr><td>Lot: MSCP1305004</td><td>50-/0+</td><td>50-/0+</td><td>50-/0+</td><td>50-/0+</td><td>2-/48+</td><td>50+/0-</td><td>50+/0-</td><td>50+/0-</td><td>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td>Lot: MSCP1305005</td><td>50-/0+</td><td>50-/0+</td><td>50-/0+</td><td>50-/0+</td><td>1-/49+</td><td>50+/0-</td><td>50+/0-</td><td>50+/0-</td><td>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td>Lot: MSCP1305006</td><td>50-/0+</td><td>50-/0+</td><td>50-/0+</td><td>50-/0+</td><td>2-/48+</td><td>50+/0-</td><td>50+/0-</td><td>50+/0-</td><td>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# MET Quick CUP Format

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSCP1305007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-/49+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSCP1305008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot: MSCP1305009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-/49+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity

Not applicable.

c. Stability

The devices are stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 18 months based on the accelerated stability study at $5 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and real time stability determination at both $4 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and $3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

d. Cut-off

A total of 150 samples equally distributed at concentrations of $- 5 0 \%$ cut-off; $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off; cut-off; $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off; $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off were tested using three different lots of each device by three different operators. Results were all positive at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off and all negative at and below $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off for all Marijuana and Methamphetamine tests. The following cut-off values for the test devices have been verified.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FaStep Marijuana Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FaStep Methamphetamine Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr></table>

e. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and to urine containing target drugs (11-nor- $\Delta 9$ -THC-9-COOH or Methamphetamine) at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above the cut-off. These urine samples were tested using three batches of each device for all formats.

Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized in the following tables. There were no differences observed for different formats.

THC:   

<table><tr><td>4-Acetamidophenol</td><td>Erythromycin</td><td>Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td>Acetone</td><td>β-Estradiol</td><td>Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td>Acetophenetidin</td><td>Estrone-3-sulfate</td><td>Pentazocine</td></tr><tr><td>N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td>Ethanol</td><td>Pentobarbital</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td>Ethyl-p-aminobenzoate</td><td>Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin</td><td>Fenoprofen</td><td>Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td>Aminopyrine</td><td>Furosemide</td><td>Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td>Amitryptyline</td><td>Gentisic acid</td><td>Pheniramine</td></tr><tr><td>Amobarbital</td><td>Glucose</td><td>Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td>Amoxicillin</td><td>Guaiacol Glyceryl Ether</td><td>Phentermine</td></tr><tr><td>Ampicillin</td><td>Hemoglobin</td><td>L-Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td>Ascorbic acid</td><td>Hydralazine</td><td>β-Phenylethlamine</td></tr><tr><td>D,L-Amphetamine</td><td>Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td>β-Phenyllethylamine</td></tr><tr><td>L-Amphetamine</td><td>Hydrocodone</td><td>Phenylpropanolamine</td></tr><tr><td>Apomorphine</td><td>Hydrocortisone</td><td>Prednisolone</td></tr><tr><td>Aspartame</td><td>O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td>Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td>Atropine</td><td>3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td>Procaine</td></tr><tr><td>Benzilic acid</td><td>Ibuprofen</td><td>Promazine</td></tr><tr><td>Benzocaine</td><td>Imipramine</td><td>Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td>Benzoic acid</td><td>Iproniazid</td><td>D,L-Propanolol</td></tr><tr><td>Benzoylecgonine Benzphetamine</td><td>(-) Isoproterenol Isoxsuprine</td><td>D-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin</td><td>Ketamine</td><td>D-Pseudoephedrine Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td>Brompheniramine</td><td>Ketoprofen</td><td>Quinine</td></tr><tr><td>Caffeine</td><td>Labetalol</td><td>Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td>Chloralhydrate</td><td>Levorphanol</td><td>Riboflavin</td></tr><tr><td>Chloramphenicol</td><td>Loperamide</td><td>Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td>Maprotiline</td><td>Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td>Chlorothiazide</td><td>Meprobamate</td><td>Serotonin</td></tr><tr><td>(+) Chlorpheniramine</td><td>Methadone</td><td>(5-Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td>(±) Chlorpheniramine</td><td>Methoxyphenamine</td><td>Sodium Chloride Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td>Chlorpromazine</td><td>(+) 3,4-Methylenedioxyampheta</td><td>Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td>Chlorquine</td><td>mine (+)3,4-Methylenedioxymetha</td><td>Temazepam</td></tr><tr><td>Cholesterol</td><td>mphetamine Methylphenidate</td><td>Tetracycline</td></tr><tr><td>Clomipramine</td><td>Methyprylon</td><td>Tetrahydrocortisone, 3 Acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-β-Dglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone3(5-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thebaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D, L-Thyroxine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolbutamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexbrompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+)-Norephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tryptamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D, L-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Dimethilaminoantipyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D, L-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methylester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Y Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

MET   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Acetamidophenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(IR,2S)-(-)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Y Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone-3-sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitryptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl-p-aminobenzoate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phendimetrazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pheniramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phetoin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Phenylethlamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Guaiacol Glyceryl Ether</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisolone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Propanolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propiomazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Riboflavin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+)-Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">) Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-Dglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Δ9-THC-COOH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thebaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Thyroxine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexbrompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolbutamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+)-Norephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tryptamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Dimethilaminoantipyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D, L-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methylester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr></table>

# f. Specificity

To test specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in urine samples were tested using three batches of each device for all formats. The obtained lowest detectable concentration was used to calculate the cross-reactivity. There were no differences observed for different formats.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC(11-nor-∆9-THC-9-COOH,  Cut-off=50ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at 50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross-Reactivity100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ8-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 30 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-hydroxy-∆9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>∆8- Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 15000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ9- Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 15000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 20000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 100000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor- Δ 9-THC-carboxy glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 25000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)-11-nor-9-carboxy-∆ 9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 30 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET(D-Methamphetamine, Cut-off=1000ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at 1000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross-Reactivity100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)3,4-Methylenedioxy-n-ethylamphetamine(MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 10,000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine (Novocaine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 60,000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimethobenzamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 20,000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 10000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine (Zantac)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 50,000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 500ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloroquine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 50,000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 4,000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenfluramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 20,000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 10,000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not detected</td></tr></table>

g. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples, with 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with $\mathrm { p H } ~ 4$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above the cut-off level. These samples were tested using three batches of each device for all formats. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off and all negative for samples at and below $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off. There were no differences observed for different formats.

# 2. Comparison Studies

The method comparison studies for the FaStep Marijuana Test, and the FaStep Methamphetamine Test was performed in-house with three laboratory assistants for each format of the device. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples. The samples were blind labeled and compared to GC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below:

THC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stripformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offPositive byGC/MS(Between thecut-off and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby GC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of THC Strip   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip FormatViewerResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PanelDipformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offPositive byGC/MS(Between thecut-off and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby GC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of THC Panel Dip   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18881</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of THC Turn-Key Split Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Turn-KeySplit Cupformat</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Near Cut-offNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Near Cut-offPositive byGC/MS(Between thecut-off and+50%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip FormatViewerResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18881</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of THC Quick Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickCupformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offPositive byGC/MS(Between thecut-off and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby GC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

MET   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stripformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offPositive byGC/MS(Between thecut-off and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby GC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of MET Strip   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13563</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1099</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PanelDipformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offPositive byGC/MS(Between thecut-off and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby GC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of MET Panel Dip   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turn-KeySplitformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offPositive byGC/MS(Between thecut-off and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of MET Turn-Key Split Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickCupformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cut-offPositive byGC/MS(Between thecut-off and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby GC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of MET Quick Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Lay-user study

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 147 lay persons. They had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 18 to ${ > } 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; negative, $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cut-off by spiking drugs into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by GC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample, and a device. The results are summarized below:

Comparison of GC/MS and Lay Person Results for THC and MET Strip Formats   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Cut-off</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No ofsamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Concentration byGC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CorrectResults (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+/19-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+/20-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20+/1-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Comparison of GC/MS and Lay Person Results for THC and MET Panel Dip Formats   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Cut-off</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No ofsamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Concentration byGC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CorrectResults (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+/19-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+/20-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Comparison of GC/MS and Lay Person Results for THC and MET Turn-Key Split Cup Formats   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Cut-off</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No ofsamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Concentration byGC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CorrectResults (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/21-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+/20-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+/20-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Comparison of GC/MS and Lay Person Results for THC and MET Quick Cup Formats   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">No ofsamples</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Concentration byGC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lay person results</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CorrectResults (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MET</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0+/21-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0+/21-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0+/21-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0+/21-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0+/21-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0+/21-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2+/19-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1+/20-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding of the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

# 3. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# 11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity and method comparison of the devices, it’s concluded that the FaStep Marijuana Test, and the FaStep Methamphetamine Test are substantially equivalent to the predicate.