BIOPHOR DIAGNOSTICS, INC. NATHANIEL BUTLIN VICE PRESIDENT 1201 DOUGLAS AVE REDWOOD CITY CA 94063

Re: K142129 Trade/Device Name: RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Cocaine, RapidFRET Oral Fluid Cocaine Calibrator Set, RapidFRET Oral Fluid Cocaine Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3250 Regulation Name: Cocaine and cocaine metabolite test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DIO, DLJ, DIF Dated: July 1, 2015 Received: July 6, 2015

Dear Nathaniel Butlin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k142129

Device Name RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Cocaine RapidFRET Oral Fluid Cocaine Calibrator Set RapidFRET Oral Fluid Cocaine Control Set

Indications for Use (Describe)

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Cocaine is a homogeneous time-resolved fluorescence assay that is intended for prescription use in central laboratories only on the RapidFRET Integrated Workstation. The assay is used to perform a qualitative screen for cocaine at $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in neat oral fluid samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. This assay is calibrated with Cocaine and provides only a preliminary result. To obtain a confirmed analytical result, a more specific alternate chemical method such as GC/MS or LC/MS/MS is required. Professional judgment should be applied to any drug test result, particularly when using preliminary positive results. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Cocaine Calibrator Set and RapidFRET Oral Fluid Cocaine Control Set are intended for use with the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Cocaine and samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. The cutoff calibrator is used to determine the cutoff level and translate the assay measurement into a positive or negative result. The positive and negative controls are used to monitor laboratory systems, operators, precision, accuracy and assay conditions. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for COCAINE

# 510(k) Summary for the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Cocaine

Preparation Date: July 23, 2015

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

The assigned 510(k) number is: k142129

# 807.92(a)(1): Contact Information

Name: Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Address: 1201 Douglas Avenue Redwood City, CA 94063

Contact: Nathaniel G. Butlin, Ph.D. Phone: 650-367-4954 Fax: 650-364-4985

# 807.92(a)(2): Device Name, Common Name and Classification

RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Cocaine (Cocaine Test System) RapidFRET Oral Fluid Cocaine Calibrator Set (Clinical Toxicology Calibrator) RapidFRET Oral Fluid Cocaine Control Set (Drug Mixture Control Materials)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 - Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral Fluid Cocaine Calibrator Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DLJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 - Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral Fluid Cocaine Control Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I, Reserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 - Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# 807.92(a)(3): Identification of Legally Marketed Predicate Devices

CEDIA® Cocaine OFT Assay (k101742) marketed by Microgenics Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific Clinical Diagnostic Division.

# 807.92(a)(4): Device Description

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Cocaine is an In Vitro Diagnostic competitive immunoassay used to detect cocaine in human oral fluid. This is a ready-to-use homogenous system that involves energy transfer between an acceptor fluorophore labeled to an antibody and a donor fluorophore labeled to drug. The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the donor fluorophore for a fixed number of binding sites on the antibody reagent. When acceptor and donor fluorophores are brought into close proximity through a binding event, energy transfer occurs. The fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) signal is measured at the wavelength of the

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for COCAINE

acceptor fluorophore and is inversely proportional to the amount of drug in the sample. A Cutoff Calibrator is used to translate the sample measurement into a positive or negative result. Controls are used to establish and monitor precision and accuracy.

# 807.92(a)(5): Intended Use

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Cocaine is a homogeneous time-resolved fluorescence assay that is intended for prescription use in central laboratories only on the RapidFRET Integrated Workstation. The assay is used to perform a qualitative screen for cocaine at 20 $\mathsf { n g / m l }$ in neat oral fluid samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. This assay is calibrated with Cocaine and provides only a preliminary result. To obtain a confirmed analytical result, a more specific alternate chemical method such as GC/MS or LC/MS/MS is required. Professional judgment should be applied to any drug test result, particularly when using preliminary positive results. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Cocaine Calibrator Set and RapidFRET Oral Fluid Cocaine Control Set are intended for use with the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Cocaine and samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. The cutoff calibrator is used to determine the cutoff level and translate the assay measurement into a positive or negative result. The positive and negative controls are used to monitor laboratory systems, operators, precision, accuracy and assay conditions. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

807.92(a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device(RapidFRET COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(Microgenics COC, K101742)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative determination of cocaine inhuman oral fluid in clinical setting.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative determination of cocaine inhuman oral fluid in clinical setting.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive homogeneousimmunoassay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive homogeneousimmunoassay.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KitComponents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 Drug specific antibody reagent in liquid,ready to use format.1 Drug conjugate reagent in liquid, readyto use format.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 Drug specific antibody reagent(marketed in combination as a lyophilizedreagent and reconstitution buffer).1 Drug conjugate reagent (marketed incombination as a lyophilized reagent andreconstitution buffer).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision, accuracy, crossreacting/interfering studies demonstrateequivalence to the predicate device.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision, accuracy, crossreacting/interfering studies are similar tothe RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay forCocaine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Safety and</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Demonstrated in bench testing and</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Demonstrated in bench testing and</td></tr></table>

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for COCAINE

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device(RapidFRET COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(Microgenics COC, K101742)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Effectiveness</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>described in Pl, equivalent to predicate.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>described in PI.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neat Oral FluidCutoff Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 ng/mL neat oral fluid.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 ng/mL neat oral fluid using a 5 ng/mLcutoff calibrator to account for sampledilution by collection device.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Integrated Workstationavailable exclusively from BiophorDiagnostics, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MGC240 analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleCollection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neat oral fluid is collected with theRapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector via directexpectoration. No diluent is used andsample is stored in glass sample tubewith inert screw cap.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral fluid is collected with the Oral-EzeSaliva Collection System. This device usesan absorbent swab and diluent. Sample isstored in plastic tube with snap cap.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principle andProcedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drugs in the oral fluid sample competewith the drug conjugate donorfluorophore for a fixed number of bindingsites on the individual drug antibodyacceptor reagents. When acceptor anddonor fluorophores are brought intoclose proximity, through the bindingevent, fluorescent energy transfer ismeasured.The amount of drug in the specimensample is inversely proportional to theassay signal as measured by timeresolved fluorescence.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assay is based on the sampleanalytes competing with analyteconjugates to one inactive fragment of β-galactosidase for antibody binding sites.The amount of drug in the specimen isproportional to the assay signal asmeasured by absorbance.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls andCalibratorLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators are available at effectiveconcentrations of 0 ng/mL and 20 ng/mL.Controls are available at effectiveconcentrations of 10 ng/mL and 30ng/mL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators are available at 0 ng/mL, 5ng/mL, and 50 ng/mL. Controls areavailable at additional levels.</td></tr></table>

# 807.92(b)(1): Brief Description of Study Data:

A series of studies were performed that evaluated the device performance characteristics including precision and analytical sensitivity, correlation with GC/MS and LC/MS/MS, cross reactivity, and analytical specificity that are summarized below.

# Precision and Analytical Sensitivity

One lot of RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Cocaine was used to verify precision, four times daily, triplicate samples per run for 5 days using 3 independent lots of reagent. Negative oral fluid pools were spiked with cocaine at $0 \%$ , $2 5 \%$ , $5 0 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ , $1 0 0 \%$ , $12 5 \%$ , $1 5 0 \%$ , $17 5 \%$ and $200 \%$ of the cutoff level corresponding to approximately 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35 and 40

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for COCAINE

$\mathsf { n g / m l }$ . The aggregate data is summarized in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Summary Precision Data for All Lots</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Summary Precision Data for All Lots: Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td></tr></table>

The data indicate that the analytical sensitivity is between $7 5 \%$ and $12 5 \%$ of cutoff, and expected results were achieved at a $9 7 \%$ frequency within this range.

# Correlation with MS Quantitation

Neat oral fluid was collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collection Device from volunteers potentially positive and negative for opiates. The samples $\scriptstyle ( 1 7 = 2 9 4 )$ ) were randomized and blinded to the instrument operator and assayed using RapidFRET COC reagents. Following screening, positive and negative samples were sent for confirmatory testing. The summarized data are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Negative(&lt;10 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Negative(10 - 20 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Positive(20 - 30 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(&gt;30 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRETPOS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$1\fra}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2\fra}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRETNEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

§One sample contained cinnamoyl cocaine at 388 ng/mL; a second sample contained cocaine, benzoylecgonine, and cinnamoyl cocaine at $1 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ equivalent concentration; a third sample contained high levels of hydroxymethoxymethcathinone (HMMC), a major metabolite of methylone, which shares structural similarities to isoxsuprine, a known cross-reactant.1

The data indicate that the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Cocaine was accurate $59 9 \%$ of the time in neat oral fluid samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector.

# Cross Reactivity and Analytical Specificity

A compound library of approximately 171 different structurally related and unrelated compounds including metabolites, OTC and prescription medications and drugs of abuse was used to evaluate the device cross reactivity and specificity. Compounds were spiked at $3 0 { , } 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ into neat oral fluid pool aliquots with $0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , $1 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $3 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ of cocaine, processed with the RapidEASE Collector, and tested with the RapidFRET COC assay. Those compounds that gave an unexpected result were further titrated to determine the concentration at which the cross-reacting compound yielded a result approximately

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for COCAINE

equivalent to the cutoff. Thirteen (13) structurally related compounds were determined to cross-react below $3 0 { , } 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in the absence of cocaine. These are noted in the labeling.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17,705</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cinnamoylcocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13,824</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18,218</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,384</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,365</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19,847</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoxsuprine*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>846</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,959</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23,723</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trifluoperazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21,831</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr></table>

\*Hydroxymethoxymethcathinone (HMMC), a major metabolite of methylone, shares structural similarities to isoxsuprine and has been shown to cause interference.

A second study evaluated common substances such as foods and dental products as well as pH variations. HSA, ethanol, baking soda, whole blood, hemoglobin, hydrogen peroxide, sodium chloride, cholesterol, denture adhesive, ascorbic acid, bilirubin, IgA, IgG and IgM were spiked into neat oral fluid pool aliquots that contained either $1 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or $3 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ of cocaine. Neat oral fluid pool was titrated to pH values of 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, spiked with cocaine to $1 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or $3 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and assayed with the RapidFRET COC Assay. The effects of antiseptic mouthwash, cough syrup, cranberry juice, orange juice, tooth paste, chewing tobacco, cigarettes, chewing gum, hard candy, teeth whitening strips, cola, water, antacid, coffee and tea were evaluated by asking volunteers to use a specific item and provide an oral fluid sample. These samples were then spiked with cocaine to $1 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or $3 0 { \mathrm { ~ n g / m L } } ,$ , processed with a RapidEASE Collector and assayed with the RapidFRET COC device. All compounds at the listed concentrations gave a NEG result when spiked with $1 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cocaine and a POS result when spike with $3 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cocaine.

# 807.92(b)(3): Conclusions

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Cocaine including the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Negative and Cutoff Calibrators, the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Negative and Positive Controls and the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector were determined to be safe and effective for their intended use.