CHEMTRON BIOTECH, INC.   
JANE ZHANG   
QA/RA DIRECTOR   
9245 BROWN DEER ROAD, SUITE B SAN DIEGO CA 92121

Re: K142396 Trade/Device Name: Chemtrue $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ BUP/TCA Single/Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card/Cup/Cassette Tests; Chemtrue $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card Tests; Chemtrue $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card with OPI 2000 Tests Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG, LFG Dated: August 27, 2014 Received: August 28, 2014

Dear Ms. Jane Zhang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICESFood and Drug AdministrationIndications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120Expiration Date: January 31, 2017See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>510(k) Number (if known)k142396</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Device NameChemtrue® BUP / TCA Single/Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card / Cup / Cassette TestsChemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card TestsChemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card with OPI 2000 Tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Indications for Use (Describe)Chemtrue® BUP / TCA Single/Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card / Cup / Cassette Tests:The Chemtrue® BUP/TCA Single/Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card /Cup/Cassette Tests are rapid lateral flowsyhe ualitaivetionBureorhiieresant ihuman urine. The test cutof concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated toare s follows:Analyte                      Abbreviation      Calibrator          Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)Buprenorphine                 BUP             Buprenorphine          10Tricyclic Antidepressants    TCA             Nortriptyline         1000</td></tr></table>

T igenulpl ts revailabl   Crun assohts e T  u positive results are indicated.

AnTho zatn  Bhi Antidepressants in urine.

Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card Tests:

detection of Buprenorphine, Amphetamine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Morphine, Methamphetamine, Phencyclidine,

BezB  M xyconie

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MAMP /MET</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine</td><td>MOR</td><td>Morphine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>PCP</td><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>25</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>THC</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC9-COOH</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,I-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>MTD</td><td>Methadone</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY</td><td>Oxycodone</td><td>100</td></tr></table>

T confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass uoeo for these drugs in urine.

human urine. The test cut concentrations and the compouns the tets are calibratd  are s ollows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MAMP /MET</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Opiates</td><td>OPI</td><td>Morphine</td><td>2000</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>PCP</td><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>25</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>THC</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC9-COOH</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,l-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>MTD</td><td>Methadone</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY</td><td>Oxycodone</td><td>100</td></tr></table>

for these drugs in urine.

# 510(k) Summary

AS REQUIRED BY 21 CFR 807.92(c)

A. SUBMITTER: Chemtron Biotech, Inc. 9245 Brown Deer Road, Suite B, San Diego, CA 92121. TEL: 858-450-0044 FAX: 858-450-0046 Contact Person: Jane Zhang, Director of QA/RA Official FDA Correspondent 9245 Brown Deer Road, Suite B San Diego, CA 92121 Office: (858) 450-0044; FAX: (858) 450-0046 Email: jane@uschemtronbio.com Date Prepared: October 08, 2014

B. DEVICE Device Name: Chemtrue® BUP/TCA Single/Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card/Cup/Cassette Tests Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card Tests Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card with OPI 2000 Tests

Common Name: Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Regulatory Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug of Abuse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR 862.3650</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3910</td></tr></table>

This 510(k) has been submitted for clearance of new BUP/TCA drugs of abuse cup devices and to incorporate BUP/TCA analytes to previously FDA cleared Chemtrue Single/Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card/Cassette Tests (k102203, k111322, k121339, and k123080). These tests have been previously cleared for prescription use (k102203 and k111322) and over-the-counter use (k121339 and k123080) and already contain the following drugs of abuse analytes:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug of Abuse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Section</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DKZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology 91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21CFR 862.3100, Amphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DIO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology 91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3250, Cocaine and metabolites Test System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology 91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3610, Methamphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Opiates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology 91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3650, Opiate Test System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology 91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unclassified, Enzyme immunoassay Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Marijuana</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LDJ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology 91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3870, Cannabinoids Test System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepines</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JXM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology 91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3170, Benzodiazepines Test System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barbiturates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DIS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology 91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3150, Barbiturates Test System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecstasy (MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology 91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3610, Methamphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology 91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3620, Methadone Test System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology 91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3650, Opiate Test System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNK</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology 91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3640, Morphine Test System</td></tr></table>

# C. PREDICATE DEVICE:

510(k): k061718. Innovacon Spectrum II Test Card and Innovacon Spectrum II Test Card with Integrated Cups

# D. INDICATONS FOR USE:

Device Name: Chemtrue® BUP / TCA Single/Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card / Cup / Cassette Tests Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card Tests Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card with OPI 2000 Tests

Indications for Use:

Chemtrue® BUP / TCA Single/Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card / Cup / Cassette Tests:

The Chemtrue® BUP/TCA Single/Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card /Cup/Cassette Tests are rapid lateral flow immunoassays for the qualitative detection of Buprenorphine (BUP) and/or Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCA) drugs in human urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

The single and multi-panel tests are available in Dip Card, Cup and Cassette formats. The tests are intended for prescription and Over-The-Counter (OTC) use. The tests provide only a preliminary result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

The tests are not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of Buprenorphine and Tricyclic Antidepressants. There are no uniformly recognized cut-off concentration levels for Buprenorphine and Tricyclic Antidepressants in urine.

Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card Tests:

The Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card Tests are rapid lateral flow immunoassays for the qualitative detection of Buprenorphine, Amphetamine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Morphine, Methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Benzodiazepines, Barbiturates,

Ecstasy, Methadone, Oxycodone and Tricyclic Antidepressants drugs in human urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbreviation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Concentration(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tricyclic Antidepressants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MAMP /MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ°-THC9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barbiturates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecstasy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card Tests panel can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes. The tests are intended for prescription and Over-The-Counter (OTC) use.

The tests provide only a preliminary result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

The tests are not intended to differentiate between drugs of abuse and prescription use of Benzodiazepines, Barbiturates, Buprenorphine, Oxycodone and Tricyclic Antidepressants. There are no uniformly recognized cut-off concentration levels for these drugs in urine.

Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card with OPI 2000 Tests:

The Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card with OPI 2000 Tests are rapid lateral flow immunoassays for the qualitative detection of Buprenorphine, Amphetamine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Opiates 2000, Methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Benzodiazepines, Barbiturates, Ecstasy, Methadone, Oxycodone and Tricyclic Antidepressants drugs in human urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abbreviation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Concentration(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BUP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tricyclic Antidepressants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MAMP /MET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Opiates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Marijuana</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ°-THC9-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepines</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BZO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barbiturates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BAR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecstasy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d,1-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MTD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr></table>

The Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card with OPI 2000 Tests can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes. The tests are intended for prescription and OverThe-Counter (OTC) use.

The tests provide only a preliminary result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

The tests are not intended to differentiate between drugs of abuse and prescription use of Benzodiazepines, Barbiturates, Buprenorphine, Oxycodone and Tricyclic Antidepressants. There are no uniformly recognized cut-off concentration levels for these drugs in urine.

# E. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Chemtrue® Drug Screen Tests are colloidal gold based lateral flow immunoassays for the rapid, qualitative detection of drugs of abuse in human urine. The tests are single-use, in vitro diagnostic devices, which come in the formats of dip card, cup, or cassette, as indicated by the test name.

# F. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION

Comparison with the predicate devices is outlined below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Devices</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication(s) for use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For qualitative detection of drugs of abuse in human urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology/TechnologicalCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral flow, competitive binding immunoassay based onthe principle of antigen and antibody immunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut Off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine 10 ng/mLTricyclic Antidepressants 1000 ng/mLAmphetamine 1000 ng/mLCocaine 300 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same, except thepredicate also has a300 ng/mL cut off</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine 1000 ng/mLMorphine 300 ng/mLOpiates 2000 ng/mLPCP 25 ng/mLTHC 50 ng/mLBenzodiazepines 300 ng/mLBarbiturates 300 ng/mLEcstasy (MDMA) 500 ng/mLMethadone 300 ng/mLOxycodone 100 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">and a 500 ng/mLcut off, forAmphetamine andMethamphetamine,respectively.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dip Card, Cup (for BUP/TCA tests only) and Cassette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Card and testcard with integratedcup</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription and OTC Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription Useonly</td></tr></table>

# G. TEST PRINCIPLE

The Chemtrue® Drug Screen Tests are rapid lateral flow immunoassays in which chemically modified drugs (drug-protein conjugates) compete with drugs that may be present in urine. On each test strip, a drug-protein conjugate is striped on the test band of the membrane - known as the test region (T) and the anti-drug antibody-colloidal gold conjugate pads are placed at the forward end of the membrane. If target drugs are present in the urine specimen below its cut-off concentration, the solution of the colored antibody-colloidal gold conjugates moves along with the sample solution by capillary action across the membrane to the immobilized drug-protein conjugate zone on the test band region. The colored antibody-gold conjugates then complexes with the drug-protein conjugates to form visible lines. Therefore, the formation of the visible precipitant in the test band indicates a negative result. If the target drug level exceeds its cut-off concentration, the drug/metabolite antigen competes with drugprotein conjugates on the test band region for the limited antibody on the colored drug antibody-colloidal gold conjugate pad. The drug will saturate the limited antibody binding sites and the colored antibody-colloidal gold conjugate cannot bind to the drug-protein conjugate at the test region of the test strip. Therefore, absence of the color band on the test region indicates a preliminary positive result.

A band should form in the control region (C) of the devices regardless of the presence of drug in the sample to indicate that the test has been performed properly.

Monoclonal anti-drug antibodies are used on the BUP/AMP/COC/MET/MOR/OPI/ PCP/THC/BAR/MDMA/MTD/OXY Test devices which are derived from mouse. The polyclonal anti-drug antibodies are used on TCA/BZO Test devices which are derived from sheep/mouse.

# H. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

Performance data is only provided for BUP and TCA, as the new analytes. All other drugs of abuse analytes of the candidate devices (AMP, COC, MAMP, OPI, MOR, PCP, THC, BZO, BAR, MDMA, MTD, and OXY) were previously cleared under k102203, k111322, k121339, and k123080. Test strips, sample matrix, test format, and cut-off concentrations for the other drugs of abuse analytes are identical to those cleared under k102203, k111322, k121339, and k123080. See k102203, k111322, k121339, and k123080 for additional precision, specificity, interference, method comparison, and lay-user study information.

1. Reproducibility (Precision) Studies:

The precision study was conducted by three (3) Operators with three (3) lots of each device format in replicates of 10 devices/lot at each concentration level of Negative, $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ , cutoff, $12 5 \%$ and $1 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff. The study was conducted over a six (6) day period using GC/MS confirmed drug spiked samples. The samples were blind coded according to a random table and randomly distributed to three operators by the project Manager. The data is analyzed and summarized in the tables below:

Table 1a. BUP Dip Card Test: Cutoff: $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1b. TCA Dip Card Test: Cutoff: $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1c. BUP Cup Test: Cutoff: $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ConcentrationLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">n</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50% of cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75% of cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125% of cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150% of cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr></table>

Table 1d. TCA Cup Test: Cutoff: $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1e. BUP Cassette Test: Cutoff: $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1f. TCA Cassette Test: Cutoff: $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

2. Specificity Study: These studies were conducted by adding various drugs, drug metabolites, and other structurally-similar compounds likely to be present in the actual urine specimen. The following structurally-related compounds were tested for cross-reactivity and found to be positive if the levels were greater than the following listed concentrations:

Table 2a. Buprenorphine (BUP):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Table 2b. Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCA):   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr></table>

3. Interference:

Over one hundred of potential interferents were tested and found not to cross-react when tested at concentrations of $1 0 0 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the drug (BUP and TCA) cut-off concentrations.

Table 3. The following compounds do not interfere with the tests:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic Acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetanilide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline HCl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine HCl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Aminoantipyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Glutamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenacetin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R(-)Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin Human</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenalzine Sulfate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S(+)Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pheniramine Maleate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R (-) Apomorphine HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R- Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspirin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisolone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine hydrobromide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protryptiline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+) Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoprenaline HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetolol HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Riboflavin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromopheniramine Maleate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic Acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-) Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin HCl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline HCl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)-Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine HC1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine HCl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desalkyl Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tryptamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac Sodium Salt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19-Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,5 Dihydroxybenzoic(Gentisic)Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norsertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric Acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil HCl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Duloxetine HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-) Octapamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac sodium salt</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP Percholate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

4. Effect of Urine $\mathsf { p H }$ and Specific Gravity Studies: The testing results demonstrate that the urine pH ranges from 3.0 to 8.5 at $\pm 2 5 \%$ and $\pm 5 0 \%$ drug (BUP and TCA) cut-off concentrations do not affect the test performance. The specific gravity (SG) ranges of 1.002, 1.010, 1.015, 1.020, 1.025 and 1.030 at $\pm 2 5 \%$ and $\pm 5 0 \%$ drug (BUP and TCA) cut-off concentrations do not affect the test results.

5. Stability Study: To establish and support the shelf life and expiration date, stability studies were conducted under accelerated temperature (at $6 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and $4 0 ^ { \mathrm { { o } } } \mathrm { { C } ) }$ ), and real time $( 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ with three (3) lots of each device format. The stability study results support two (2) years shelf-life of the products at (2 to $3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ). The real time stability study is still on-going.

# 6. Method Comparison Studies:

Chemtrue® BUP/TCA Single /Multi-Panel Tests were compared to the GC/MS Reference Method. The accuracy of the Chemtrue® Test devices were evaluated against the confirmed GC/MS values in this blind-labeled clinical specimen correlation study (a total of 174 clinical specimens). Three operators performed the testing. Each operator tested one device format with one unique set of blind coded samples. Each blind labeled sample was randomly distributed to each operator by the Clinical Research Cooperator. The results are summarized in the tables below:

Table 6a. Summary from method comparison (Accuracy) study of Chemtrue® Drug Screen Dip Card Test results versus GC/MS   

<table><tr><td>Chemtrue®</td><td>(-)</td><td>(+)</td><td>% Agreement</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug ScreenDip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No drugpresent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSNegative(≤ 50% of thecutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near cutoffnegative(75% of theC/O to cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near cutoffpositive(Cutoff to 125%of the C/O)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSPositive(≥150% of thecutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>with GC/MSvalues</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUP(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCA(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 6b. Summary of a method comparison (Accuracy) study of Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Test results versus the GC/MS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Chemtrue®DrugScreen Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(+)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Agreementwith GC/MSvalues</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No drugpresent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSNegative(≤ 50% of thecutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near cutoffnegative(75% of the C/O tocutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near cutoffpositive(Cutoff to 125% ofthe C/O)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSPositive(≥150% of thecutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUP (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCA  (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 6c. Summary of a method comparison (Accuracy) study of Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cassette Test results versus the GC/MS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Chemtrue®DrugScreenCassette</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(+)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% AgreementwithGC/MSvalues</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nodrugpresent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSNegative(≤ 50% of thecutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near cutoffnegative(75% of the C/Oto cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near cutoffpositive(Cutoff to 125%of the C/O)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSPositive(≥150% of the cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUP  (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCA  (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 6d. DISCORDANT RESULTS: There are two (2) discordant results for each format:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cutoff Value (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte assay(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Drug/Metabolite GC/MS value (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Value (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8</td></tr></table>

7. OTC Lay-user Studies:

A total of 300 people participated in an OTC lay-user study at three (3) intended user sites with LC/MS confirmed urine samples at the following concentrations: negative, $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ , $12 5 \%$ , $1 5 0 \%$ and $20 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drugs into drug-free urine pool. Each sample was aliquotted into an individual blind-labeled container. Each lay-user was provided with a package insert, up to two blind labeled samples and test device(s). The results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugAnalyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cut Off(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Drug Concentrations (Per LC/MS Values)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Drug Concentrations (Per LC/MS Values)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Drugpresent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of thecutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200% ofthe cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>BUP</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 7b. Chemtrue® BUP/TCA Drug Screen Dip Card Test vs LC/MS Value Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugAnalyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cut Off(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Drug Concentrations (Per LC/MS Values)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Drugpresent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of thecutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200% ofthe cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>TCA</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 7c. Chemtrue® BUP/TCA Drug Screen Cup Test vs LC/MS Value Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugAnalyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cut Off(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Drug Concentrations (Per LC/MS Values)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Drugpresent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of thecutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200% ofthe cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>BUP</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 7d. Chemtrue® BUP/TCA Drug Screen Cup Test vs LC/MS Value Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugAnalyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cut Off(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Drug Concentrations (Per LC/MS Values)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Drugpresent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of thecutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200% ofthe cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>TCA</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugAnalyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cut Off(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Drug Concentrations (Per LC/MS Values)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Drug Concentrations (Per LC/MS Values)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Drugpresent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of thecutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200% ofthe cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>BUP</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 7e. Chemtrue® BUP/TCA Drug Screen Cassette Test vs LC/MS Value Analysis

Table 7f. Chemtrue® BUP/TCA Drug Screen Cassette Test vs LC/MS Value Analysis   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">DrugAnalyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CutOff(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Results</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Drug Concentrations (Per LC/MS Values)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Drugpresent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50% of thecutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75% ofthe cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125% ofthe cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150% ofthe cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200% ofthe cutoff</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. $9 9 \%$ of the lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A FleschKincaid reading analysis was performed on the package insert and the score revealed a reading grade level of less than 7.

# I. CONCLUSION:

Based on the test principle and performance characteristics of the proposed device, it is concluded that the candidate devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.