BIOPHOR DIAGNOSTICS, INC. NATHANIEL BUTLIN VICE PRESIDENT 1201 DOUGLAS AVENUE REDWOOD CITY CA 94063

Re: K142293 Trade/Device Name: Rapidfret Oral Fluid Assay for Methamphetamine Rapidfret Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Calibrators Rapidfret Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3610 Regulation Name: Methamphetamine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LAF, DLJ, LAS Dated: September 11, 2015 Received: September 14, 2015

Dear Dr. Butlin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k142293

Device Name   
palal   
Methamphetamine Controls

Indications for Use (Describe) The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assayor Methamphtamine is ahomogeneous time-resolved fuorescence assay hat is perform a qualitative screen for methamphetamine at $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in ncat oral fluid samples collected with the RapidEASE a Flh   aly u slt hel meho uc  GC/S  LC/MS/MSis quosalju houl a drug test result, particulary when using preliinary positive results.For In Vito Diagostc Us Only.

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Calibrators and RapidFRET Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Controls are F accuracy and assay conditions. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

Turentiolctioationate verours nsl time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete n review the colectionformationSed comments garding this burden estimate  any other spe of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Methamphetamine

# 510(k) Summary for the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Methamphetamine

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

September 11, 2015

The assigned 510(k) number is: k142293

# 807.92(a)(1): Contact Information

Name: Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Address: 1201 Douglas Avenue Redwood City, CA 94063

Contact: Nathaniel G. Butlin, Ph.D. Phone: 650-367-4954 Fax: 650-364-4985

# 807.92(a)(2): Device Name, Common Name and Classification

RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Methamphetamine (Methamphetamine Test System) RapidFRET Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Calibrators (Drug Specific Calibrator) RapidFRET Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Controls (Drug Specific Control Materials)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 - Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DLJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ⅱ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 - Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 - Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# 807.92(a)(3): Identification of Legally Marketed Predicate Devices

Lin-Zhi International, Inc., LZI Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay (k131652).

# 807.92(a)(4): Device Description

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Methamphetamine is an In Vitro Diagnostic competitive immunoassay used to detect methamphetamine in human oral fluid. This is a ready-to-use homogenous system that involves energy transfer between an acceptor fluorophore labeled to an antibody and a donor fluorophore labeled to drug. The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the donor fluorophore for a fixed number of binding sites on the antibody reagent. When acceptor and donor fluorophores are brought into close proximity through a binding event, energy transfer occurs. The fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) signal is measured at the wavelength of the acceptor fluorophore and is inversely proportional to the amount of drug in the sample. A

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Methamphetamine

Cutoff Calibrator is used to translate the sample measurement into a positive or negative result. Controls are used to establish and monitor precision and accuracy.

# 807.92(a)(5): Intended Use

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Methamphetamine is a homogeneous time-resolved fluorescence assay that is intended for prescription use in central laboratories only on the RapidFRET Integrated Workstation. The assay is used to perform a qualitative screen for Methamphetamine at $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in neat oral fluid samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. This assay provides only a preliminary result. To obtain a confirmed analytical result, a more specific alternate chemical method such as GC/MS or LC/MS/MS is required. Professional judgment should be applied to any drug test result, particularly when using preliminary positive results. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Calibrators and RapidFRET Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Controls are intended for use only with appropriate RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay Products and samples collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. The cutoff calibrator is used to determine the cutoff level and translate the assay measurement into a positive or negative result. The positive and negative controls are used to monitor laboratory systems, operators, precision, accuracy and assay conditions. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

807.92(a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device(RapidFRET MET)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(Lin-Zhi MET, K131652)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative determination ofmethamphetamine in human oral fluid inclinical setting.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative determination ofmethamphetamine in human oral fluid inclinical setting.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive homogeneousimmunoassay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive homogeneousimmunoassay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KitComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Drug specific antibody reagent in liquid,ready to use format.1 Drug conjugate reagent in liquid, readyto use format.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A drug specific antibody reagent (R1) anda drug conjugate reagent (R2).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision, accuracy, crossreacting/interfering studies demonstrateequivalence to the predicate device.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision, accuracy, crossreacting/interfering studies are similar tothe RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay forMethamphetamine.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrated in bench testing and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrated in bench testing and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Effectiveness</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">described in Pl, equivalent to predicate.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">described in PI.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neat Oral FluidCutoff Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 ng/mL neat oral fluid.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 ng/mL neat oral fluid.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RapidFRET Integrated Workstationavailable exclusively from BiophorDiagnostics, Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MGC240 analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleCollection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neat oral fluid is collected with theRapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector via directexpectoration. No diluent is used andsample is stored in glass sample tubewith inert screw cap.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oral fluid is collected with the LZI OralFluid collector.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle andProcedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drugs in the oral fluid sample competewith the drug conjugate donorfluorophore for a fixed number of bindingsites on the individual drug antibodyacceptor reagents. When acceptor anddonor fluorophores are brought intoclose proximity, through the bindingevent, fluorescent energy transfer ismeasured.The amount of drug in the specimensample is inversely proportional to theassay signal as measured by timeresolved fluorescence.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The assay is based on competition ofdrugs in a sample and drug labeledG6PDH. Drug in the sample binds to thedrug specific antibody leaving G6PDHactive to produce assay signal. If no drugis present in sample, it binds to thelabeled G6PDH enzyme inhibiting activity.The amount of drug in the specimen isproportional to the assay signal asmeasured by absorbance.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls andCalibratorLevels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators are available at effectiveconcentrations of 0 ng/mL and 50 ng/mL.Controls are available at effectiveconcentrations of 25 ng/mL and 75ng/mL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators are available at 0 ng/mL, 20ng/mL, 50 ng/mL, 100 ng/mL and 140ng/mL. Controls are available at 37.5ng/mL and 62.5 ng/mL.</td></tr></table>

# 807.92(b)(1): Brief Description of Study Data:

A series of studies were performed that evaluated the device performance characteristics including precision and analytical sensitivity, correlation with LC/MS/MS, cross reactivity, and analytical specificity that are summarized below.

# Precision and Analytical Sensitivity

Three lots of the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Methamphetamine were analyzed for a minimum of 20 non-consecutive days. Negative oral fluid was spiked with dmethamphetamine to $0 \%$ , $2 5 \%$ , $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ , $100 \%$ , $12 5 \%$ , $1 5 0 \%$ , $17 5 \%$ and $200 \%$ of the cutoff level corresponding to approximately 0, 12.5, 25, 37.5, 50, 62.5, 75, 87.5 and $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . Samples were then processed through a RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector. Three lots of reagents were used to analyze samples on the RapidFRET Integrated Workstation. The

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Methamphetamine aggregate data is summarized in the tables below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Summary Precision Data - 3 Lots</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td></tr></table>

The data indicate that the analytical sensitivity is between $7 5 \%$ and $12 5 \%$ of cutoff, and expected results were achieved at a $100 \%$ frequency.

# Correlation with MS Quantitation

Neat oral fluid was collected with the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collection Device from volunteers potentially positive and negative for methamphetamine. The samples $( n { = } 9 2 )$ were randomized and blinded to the instrument operator and assayed using RapidFRET MET reagents. Following screening, positive and negative samples were sent for confirmatory testing. The summarized data are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Accuracy Summary Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% to 100% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% to 150% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;150% of Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8t</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RapidFRET NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*</td></tr></table>

†Six samples contained MDMA at 241, 1940, 211, 2020, 4310, and $2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } } ;$ a seventh sample contained MDMA at $1 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , methylone at $4 7 , 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and 4-methethylcathinone at 7,240 $\mathsf { n g / m l }$ ; the eighth sample contained MDMA at $1 3 . 6 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , and methylone at $8 { , } 9 2 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . ‡One sample contained MET at $4 0 . 4 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and MDMA at $\boldsymbol { 1 } , 8 8 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ; a second sample contained MET at $3 6 . 8 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and MDMA at $4 3 9 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . \*One sample contained $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ l-methamphetamine; a second sample contained $2 8 . 4 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ d-methamphetamine and $1 1 4 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ l-methamphetamine.

# Cross Reactivity and Analytical Specificity

A compound library of different structurally related and unrelated compounds including metabolites, OTC and prescription medications and drugs of abuse was used to evaluate the device cross reactivity and specificity. Compounds were spiked at $3 0 , 0 0 0 { \mathrm { n g / m L } }$ into neat oral fluid pool aliquots with $0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , $2 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $7 5 ~ \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m L }$ methamphetamine equivalent, processed with the RapidEASE Collector, and tested with the RapidFRET MET assay. Those compounds that gave an unexpected result were further titrated to determine the concentration at which the cross-reacting compound yielded a result approximately equivalent to the cutoff. Twenty (20) structurally related compounds were determined to cross-react below $3 0 { , } 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in the absence of methamphetamine with 3 cross-reacting below $3 0 { , } 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in the presence of $2 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ methamphetamine.

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Structurally Related Cross Reactants</td></tr><tr><td>Compound</td><td>Cutoff Equivalent Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td>Percent Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td>Structurally Related Compounds That Cross React in Neat Oral Fluid Pool with No Added Methamphetamine</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(-) Ephedrine</td><td>5,100</td><td>1.0%</td></tr></table>

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Methamphetamine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Structurally Related Cross Reactants</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff EquivalentConcentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodioxolylbutanamine (BDB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenethylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloroquine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenfluramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9,400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-methyl-1,3-benzodioxolylbutanamine (MBDB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12,700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxyethamphetamine (MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mephentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Methylethcathinone (4-MEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,555</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,438</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>para-Methoxyamphetamine (PMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9,100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>para-Methoxymethamphetamine (PMMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimethobenzamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Structurally Related Compounds That Cross React in Oral Fluid Pool Spiked with 25 ng/mL Methamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procainamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr></table>

A second study evaluated common substances such as foods and dental products as well as pH variations. HSA, ethanol, baking soda, whole blood, hemoglobin, hydrogen peroxide, sodium chloride, cholesterol, denture adhesive, ascorbic acid, bilirubin, IgA, IgG and IgM were spiked into neat oral fluid pool aliquots that contained either $2 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ or $7 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ of methamphetamine equivalent. Neat oral fluid pool was titrated to pH values of 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, spiked with methamphetamine to $2 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $7 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ equivalent and assayed with the RapidFRET MET Assay. The effects of antiseptic mouthwash, cough syrup, cranberry juice, orange juice, tooth paste, chewing tobacco, cigarettes, chewing gum, hard candy, teeth whitening strips, cola, water, antacid, coffee and tea were evaluated by asking volunteers to use a specific item and provide an oral fluid sample. These samples were then spiked with methamphetamine to $2 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ or $7 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ equivalent, processed with RapidEASE Collectors and assayed with the RapidFRET MET device. All compounds at the listed concentrations gave a NEG result when spiked with $2 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ methamphetamine and a POS result when spike with $7 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ methamphetamine.

# 807.92(b)(3): Conclusions

Biophor Diagnostics, Inc. Traditional Premarket Notification 510(k) Submission RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Methamphetamine

The RapidFRET Oral Fluid Assay for Methamphetamine including the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Calibrators, the RapidFRET Oral Fluid Methamphetamine Controls and the RapidEASE Oral Fluid Collector were determined to be safe and effective for their intended use.