OMEGA LABORATORIES, INC. ROBERT BARD MANAGING DIRECTOR 400 N. CLEVELAND AVE. MOGADORE OH 44260

Re: K142855 Trade/Device Name: Omega Laboratories Hair Drug Screening Assay Methamphetamine (Meth) and 3, 4—Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3610 Regulation Name: Methamphetamine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DKZ Dated: July 01, 2015 Received: July 13, 2015

Dear Robert Bard:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Omega Laboratories Hair Drug Screening Assay for Methamphetamine (Meth) and 3,4- MeeeioxyehaemMA)osthatendeoelitativet Methamphetamine (calibrated with Methamphetamine) and MDMA (calibrated with MDMA) at or above $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m g }$ in ul Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) operating in the selected ion monitoring (SIM) mode with deuterated nrol  houl uu particularly when presumptive positive results are obtained.

This test is intended exclusively for single laboratory use only and is not intended for sale to anyone.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenolctiotitat veror nclu time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gatherand maintain thedata needed and coplete an review the coectioninformation Send comments regarding this burden estimate r anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

# 510(k) Number:

K142855

# Date of Summary:

July 27, 2015

Applicant:

William R. Corl Chief Executive Officer

Omega Laboratories, Inc. 400 North Cleveland Mogadore, OH 44260 Tel: 330-628-5748 Fax: 330-628-5803

Correspondent: Name:

ROBERT J BARD, JD, CQE, RAC

Address:

Omega Laboratories   
400 North Cleveland, Mogadore, OH 44260   
248-573-5040

Phone Number: E-mail

rbard@reglaw.net

# Product Name:

Trade Name:

Omega Laboratories Hair Drug Screening Assay Methamphetamine_3, 4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (Meth_MDMA)

Common Name:

Hair Drug Screening Assay Methamphetamine

Regulation Number:

CFR 862.3610 (ProCode DKZ)

Classification Name:

Methamphetamine Test System

Classification Panel: Predicate Device:

91 (Toxicology)

Omega Laboratories Hair Drug Screening Assay Methamphetamine_3, 4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (Meth_MDMA) k101973 with the addition of the body hair as an assay matri.;

# Product Description:

The Omega Laboratories Hair Drug Screening Assays for Methamphetamine_3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (Meth_MDMA) is a test system using ELISA reagents and micro-plate reader for the qualitative detection of Methamphetamine and 3,4- Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) in head and body hair samples at or above $5 0 0 \ p { \mathsf { g / m g } }$ .

Indication for Use:

The Omega Laboratories Hair Drug Screening Assay for Methamphetamine (Meth) and 3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) is an in vitro diagnostic test that is intended for the qualitative detection of Methamphetamine (calibrated with Methamphetamine) and MDMA (calibrated with MDMA) at or above $5 0 0 ~ { \sf p g / m g }$ in human head

# Omega Laboratories, Inc. 510(k) Summary Omega Hair Drug Screening Assay for Methamphetamine and MDMA Page 2 of 38

and body hair. To confirm a screen positive result, a more specific alternate chemical method, such as Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) operating in the selected ion monitoring (SIM) mode with deuterated internal standards is the preferred method. Professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when presumptive positive results are obtained.

This test is intended exclusively for single laboratory use only and is not intended for sale to anyone.

# Comparison:

All performance studies demonstrated that the Omega assay is in substantial agreement with the predicate products.

Results obtained from donor specimens showed that the qualitative results from the new assays are substantially equivalent to those obtained from the predicate devices.

Table 1: Comparison of Omega Hair Drug Screening Assay for Meth and MDMA   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparisonElement -Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omega Laboratories Hair Drug ScreeningAssay Methamphetamine_3, 4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine(Meth_MDMA) (Subject devices)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omega Laboratories Hair Drug ScreeningAssay Methamphetamine_3, 4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine(Meth_MDMA) (Predicate device k101973)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omega Laboratories, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for/Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Omega Laboratories Hair Drug ScreeningAssay for Methamphetamine (Meth) and 3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)isan in vitro diagnostic test that is intended forthe qualitative detection of Methamphetamine(calibrated with  Methamphetamine)  andMDMA (calibrated with MDMA) at or above500 pg/mg in human head and body hair. Toconfirmascreenpositiveresult,amorespecific alternate chemical method,such asGas  Chromatography/Mass  Spectrometry(GC/MS)operating in the selectedionmonitoring (SIM) mode with deuterated internalstandards   is   the  preferred  method.Professional judgment should be applied toany drug of abuse test result, particularly whenpresumptive positive results are obtained.This test is intended exclusively for singlelaboratory use only and is not intended for saleto anyone.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Omega Laboratories Hair DrugScreeningAssay Methamphetamine and,4-     Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)is a laboratorydevelopedtestthatisintended to beusedforthedetermination  of  the  presence  ofMethamphetamine        and        3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA) in human hair from the crown ofthe head. The Omega Laboratories HairDrugScreening Assay (Meth -MDMA)utilizes International Diagnostics SystemsCorpOne-Step Methamphetamine ELISAfor HairTestingKit for the qualitativedetection  of  Methamphetamine andMDMA at or above 500 pg/mg of hair forthe purpose ofidentifyingthe use ofMethamphetamine  and  MDMA.   D-Methamphetamine is used as the standardfor the assay. To confirm a screen positiveresult a more specific alternate chemicalmethod,        such       as        GasChromatography/Mass      Spectrometry(GC/MS) operating in the selected ionmonitoring(SIM)modeisthepreferredmethod   with   deuterated   internalstandards.Professional judgment should</td></tr></table>

Table 1: Comparison of Omega Hair Drug Screening Assay for Meth and MDMA   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparisonElement -Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omega Laboratories Hair Drug ScreeningAssay Methamphetamine_3, 4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine(Meth_MDMA) (Subject devices)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omega Laboratories Hair Drug ScreeningAssay Methamphetamine_3, 4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine(Meth_MDMA) (Predicate device k101973)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>be applied to any drug of abuse test result,particularly when presumptive positiveresults are obtained.This laboratory developed test is intendedexclusively for in-house laboratory useonly and is not intended for sale toanyone.Omega offers this laboratorydeveloped test as a service to its clients.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method ofMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microplate reader. Read at 450 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Head and body hair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Head hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoffconcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 pg /mg hair for both Methamphetamineand MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExtractionMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Utilized acid-methanol vs methanol alone tofacilitate extraction of drug from hair.Proprietary and patent pending method ofpulverizing hair vs cutting the hair into smallsegments prior to acid-methanol extraction.This improved extraction times without loss ofefficiency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr></table>

# Performance Studies

# PRECISION:

Intra-assay precision studies were performed using 11 replicates of negative head hair samples spiked to the following concentrations of Methamphetamine or MDMA: zero drug, $- 7 5 \%$ , $- 5 0 \%$ , - $2 5 \%$ below the cutoff, and $+ 2 5 \%$ , $+ 5 0 \%$ , $+ 7 5 \%$ a $n d + 1 0 0 \%$ above the cutoff. All samples were treated and analyzed in the same manner as donor hair samples and measured in one run. The results of this study are summarized in the Tables 2a and 2b below.

Table 2a: Intra-Assay Methamphetamine Precision Studies $\scriptstyle { \mathrm { ( C O = } 5 0 0 \ p g / m g }$ head hair)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentrationpg/mg (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results# Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results# Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 (-75%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 (-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 (-25%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625 (+25%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 (+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875 (+75%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 (+100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr></table>

Table 2b: Intra-Assay MDMA Precision Studies $\scriptstyle ( \mathsf { C O } = 5 0 0 \ p \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { m g }$ head hair)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentrationpg/mg (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results# Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results# Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 (-75%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 (-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 (-25%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625 (+25%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 (+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875 (+75%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 (+100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr></table>

Inter-assay precision studies were performed using negative head hair samples spiked to the following concentrations of Methamphetamine and MDMA: zero drug, $- 7 5 \%$ , $-50 \%$ , $- 2 5 \%$ below the cutoff, and $+ 2 5 \%$ , $+ 5 0 \%$ , $+ 7 5 \%$ a $7 d + 1 0 0 \%$ above the cutoff. All samples were treated and analyzed in the same manner as donor hair samples. Eleven replicates of these were prepared and analyzed over 20 non-consecutive days for methamphetamine and 10 non-consecutive days for MDMA.

The results of this study are summarized in Tables 3a – 3b below. For the MDMA precision studies, 96 out of the 110 replicates of the $- 2 5 \%$ solution were positive. This is due to the $166 \%$ cross-reactivity of MDMA.

Table 3a: Inter-Assay Methamphetamine Precision Studies (CO=500 pg/mg head hair)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentrationpg/mg (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results# Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results# Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 (-75%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 (-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 (-25%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625 (+25%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 (+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875 (+75%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 (+100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td></tr></table>

Table 3b: Inter-Assay MDMA Precision Studies $C O = 5 0 0$ pg/mg head hair)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentrationpg/mg (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results# Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results# Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 (-75%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 (-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 (-25%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625 (+25%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 (+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875 (+75%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 (+100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr></table>

Conclusion

Evaluation of the precision of the Omega Laboratories, Inc. ELISA Methamphetamine_3, 4- methylenedioxymethamphetamine (Meth_MDMA) Screening Protocol using this study design demonstrated that the intra and inter-assay precision using spiked samples was acceptable $\% 0 \%$ of $10 \%$ or less).

Evaluation of the precision of the Omega Laboratories, Inc. ELISA Meth_MDMA Screening Protocol using this study design demonstrated that the intra-assay precision using individual donor sample replicates was acceptable $\% 0 \%$ of $1 5 \%$ or less).

MDMA samples at a level of $3 7 5 ~ { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { g } } / { \mathsf { m } } { \mathsf { g } }$ were positive at the $5 0 0 \ p { \mathsf { g / m g } }$ methamphetamine cutoff level due the significant cross-reactivity of MDMA. Quantitative GC/MS confirmation is performed on all presumptive positive screening results.

# AGREEMENT STUDIES:

A total of 836 head hair samples were tested of which some were positive for both MDMA and Methamphetamine. A total of 138 donor body hair samples were tested (69 Methamphetamine and 69 MDMA).”

The results are listed in Tables 4a-4d below.

Tables 4a – 4b summarize the combined Agreement Studies (head hair and body hair) with results for both Methamphetamine (Table 4a) and MDMA (Table 4b).

Table 4a: Combined Methamphetamine Summary of Agreement Studies Results $\scriptstyle ( 1 7 = 7 3 9 )$ ) Head and Body Hair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISAMethamphetamine TestResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeby GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than half ofthe cutoffconcentration byGC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50%above the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater than50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>472</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

Table 4b: Combined MDMA Summary of Agreement Studies Results $( n { = } 4 1 8 )$ Head and Body Hair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISAMethamphetamine TestResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativebb GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than half ofthe cutoffconcentration byGC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50%above the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater than50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

Tables 4c – 4d summarize the discordant results for the combined Studies. Each drug (Meth and MDMA) is broken out to a separate table. All Discordant results are consistent with drug cutoff value of $5 0 0 ~ { \mathsf p } { \mathsf g } / { \mathsf m } { \mathsf g }$ . Negative ELISA Discordant results are reported for assays that have GC/MS results of $5 0 0 \ p { \mathsf { g / m g } }$ or greater. Similarly, Positive ELISA Discordant results are reported for assays that have GC/MS results that are less than 500 pg/mg. The discordant results were found in the head hair samples only.

Table 4c: Methamphetamine GC/MS Summary of Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening Cutoff(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA Test Result(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Cutoff (pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethamphetamineGC/Ms Drug Result(pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 159</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 184</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 248</td></tr></table>

Table 4c: Methamphetamine GC/MS Summary of Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening Cutoff(p/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA Test Result(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Cutoff (pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethamphetamineGC/MS Drug Result(pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 269</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 292</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 296</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 337</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 359</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 367</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 369</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 372</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 373</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 380</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 380</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 390</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 392</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 394</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 397</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 407</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 413</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 426</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 430</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 440</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 442</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 448</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 470</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 472</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 478</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 480</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 480</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 499</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meth 778</td></tr></table>

Table 4d: MDMA GC/MS Summary of Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening Cutoff(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA Test Result(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Cutoff(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA GC/MS DrugResult (pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>557</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>563</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>778</td></tr></table>

Conclusion

Based on the data presented, the effectiveness of the entire process (including the ELISA plates, reagents, and equipment) utilized by the Omega Laboratories, Inc. ELISA Meth_MDMA Screening Protocol has been demonstrated to meet the Acceptance Criteria for differentiating between specimens which are negative or positive for Methamphetamine and/or MDMA at a cut-off level of $5 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m g } }$ for head and body hair.

Because the Omega Meth_MDMA hair assay reports historical use of drugs and is not intended to be used for application where the results are to be used for contemporaneous drug usetreatment of any disease or condition, there is no issue of safety. The results of the Agreement studies support the effectiveness of the assay for both head and body hair.

Note: All presumptive positive results from a Screening Assay must be confirmed using the recommended method of a GC/MS.

# CROSSREACTIVITY:

The Cross-reactivity study was designed to evaluate the specificity of the Omega Laboratories, Inc. ELISA Screening Protocol and the possible effect of interfering compounds.

# Cross reactivity with Structurally Similar Compounds:

The specificity of the Methamphetamine ELISA was determined by the generation of inhibition curves for each of compounds listed in Table 5a and 5b. Serial dilutions of each control compound were prepared in negative hair matrix extract. The concentration of the structurally related compound that gave a similar absorbance to the $5 0 0 \mathsf { p g } / \mathsf { m g } \ \mathsf { S } ( + )$ methamphetamine Cutoff Control (CO) response was determined and the percent cross reactivity calculated. The percent cross reactivity was calculated by dividing the concentration of the Methamphetamine CO by the extrapolated concentration of the structurally similar compound and then multiplying by 100.

Table 5a. Cross-reactivity of Methamphetamine ELISA with Structurally Similar Compounds (Methamphetamine spike) Head Hair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximate Concentration of Compound(pg/mg) Equivalent to 500 pg/mgS(+)Methamphetamine Cutoff Control (n=3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>para-Methoxy-N-methylamphetamine(PMMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285.7</td></tr></table>

Table 5a. Cross-reactivity of Methamphetamine ELISA with Structurally Similar Compounds (Methamphetamine spike) Head Hair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximate Concentration of Compound(pg/mg) Equivalent to 500 pg/mgS(+)Methamphetamine Cutoff Control (n=3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+1-) 3,4-Methylenedioxymethampheta-mine(+/-)MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S (+) Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)1,3-Benzodioxolyl-N-methylbutanamine (+/-) MBDB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)4-methylenedioxy-N-ethyl-amphetamine (+/-) MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mephentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) 4-Hydroxyephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+-) 4-hydroxy-3-methoxymethamphetamine ((+/-)HMMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1R,2S (-) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>para-Methoxyamphetamine, or 4-methoxyamphetamine (PMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+1-)3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine (+/-)MDA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenfluramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methoxyphenamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)2,5-Dimethoxy-4-bromoamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,000,000.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1S,2R(+) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900,000.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600,000.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R(+) Methcathinone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900,000.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R,R(-) Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,500,000.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylpropanolamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phendimetrazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R ( +) Cathinone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr></table>

Table 5a. Cross-reactivity of Methamphetamine ELISA with Structurally Similar Compounds (Methamphetamine spike) Head Hair   

<table><tr><td>Compound</td><td>Approximate Concentration of Compound (pg/mg) Equivalent to 500 pg/mg S(+)Methamphetamine Cutoff Control (n=3)</td><td>Percent Cross reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Labetalol</td><td colspan="2">Not achieved at highest spike concentration. 400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td>(-) Phenylephrine</td><td colspan="2">Not achieved at highest spike concentration. 400000 pg/mg</td></tr></table>

Table 5b. Cross-reactivity of Methamphetamine ELISA with Structurally Similar Compounds (MDMA spiked)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximate Concentration ofCompound (pg/mg) Equivalent to 500pg/mg(+/-) MDMA Cutoff Control(n=3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>para-Methoxy-N-methylamphetamine(PMMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) 3,4-Methylenedioxymethampheta-mine((+/-) MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S (+) Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>950</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/)1,3-Benzodioxolyl-N-methylbutanamine ((+/-) MBDB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)4-methylenedioxy-N-ethyl-amphetamine ((+/-) MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mephentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) 4-Hydroxyephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1R,2S (-) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) 4-hydroxy-3-methoxymethamphetamine ((+/-)HMMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>para-Methoxyamphetamine, or 4-methoxyamphetamine (PMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+1-) 3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine ((+/-)MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenfluramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methoxyphenamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)2,5-Dimethoxy-4-bromoamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,000,000.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1S,2R(+) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900,000.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr></table>

Table 5a. Cross-reactivity of Methamphetamine ELISA with Structurally Similar Compounds (Methamphetamine spike) Head Hair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximate Concentration of Compound(pg/mg) Equivalent to 500 pg/mgS(+)Methamphetamine Cutoff Control (n=3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600,000.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R(+) Methcathinone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900,000.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R,R(-) Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,500,000.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1S,2R (+) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.40000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylpropanolamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R,R (-) Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phendimetrazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R ( +) Cathinone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labetalol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not achieved at highest spike concentration.400000 pg/mg</td></tr></table>

In the original Cross-reactivity study, several structurally similar compounds, including R (-) Amphetamine, $\left( - \right)$ Methamphetamine, $( + )$ Amphetamine, $( + )$ Pseudoephedrine, $( + / - )$ 2, 5- Dimethoxy-4-Bromoamphetamine, $( + / - )$ MBDB, $( + / - )$ MDA, $( + / - )$ MDEA, 1R, 2S (-) Ephedrine, 1S, 2R $( + )$ Ephedrine, Fenfluramine, $( + / - )$ HMMA, $( + / - )$ 4-Hydroxyephedrine, Mephentermine, Methoxyphenamine, Phentermine, PMA, R $( + )$ Methcathinone, and R, R (-)-Pseudoephedrine, we observed positive test results at $-50 \%$ of the cut off drug concentration. However, some of these compounds (e.g., $( + / - )$ 2, 5-Dimethoxy-4-Bromoamphetamine , 1S, 2R $( + )$ Ephedrine, Phentermine, R $( + )$ Methcathinone , and R, R $( - )$ -Pseudoephedrine ) did not cross react with the assay in it cross reactivity study as a result additional testing was conducted. To better under the observed cross-reactivity of the above identified compounds, the concentration ranges were extended to generate new CR data that could not be seen in the original reported data. The additional test results have been incorporated into the Tables 2a and 2b.

Meth/MDMA cross-reactivity extended testing included $( + / - )$ 2,5-Dimethoxy-4- bromoamphetamine, 1S,2R $( + )$ Ephedrine, Phentermine, $\mathsf { R } ( { + } )$ Methcathinone, R,R (-) Pseudoephedrine. The highest concentration tested was $2 0 0 0 0 0 0 \mathrm { { 0 0 } \ p g / m g }$ . With the extremely high concentrations, some cross-reactivity was now observable.

The interference tests were also rerun at $-50 \%$ of cutoffs. There was good correlation with the previous dataset. The calculated equivalents based on the CR curve resulted in a calculated equivalent concentration close to the assay cutoff.

# Effect of Interfering Compounds:

A variety of structurally related and unrelated compounds were tested for interference at $1 0 0 0 0 { \mathsf { n g } }/ { \mathsf { m l } }$ $( 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 { \mathsf { p g / m g } } )$ in the Methamphetamine ELISA. Negative hair extracts were spiked with ${ \mathsf { S } } ( + )$ Methamphetamine at $-50 \%$ $( 2 5 0 { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { g } } / { \mathsf { m } } { \mathsf { g } } )$ , $+ 1 2 5 \%$ $( 6 2 5 \mathsf { p g / m g } )$ and $+ 1 5 0 \%$ $( 7 5 0 \mathsf { p g / m g } )$ of the ${ \mathsf { S } } ( + )$ Methamphetamine Cutoff Concentration $( 5 0 0 \mathsf { p g / m g } )$ . These were then additionally spiked with 10000ng/ml $( 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 { \mathsf { p g / m g } } )$ of the structurally related and unrelated compounds unless otherwise noted. The absorbances were compared to the 500 pg/mg ${ \mathsf { S } } ( + )$ Methamphetamine Cutoff control (CO). Only compounds that were structurally crossreactive (Table 6a) interfered in the assay. These structurally related compounds produced a positive response due to significant cross-reactivity. Compounds tested that were not structurally cross-reactive did not interfere with the assay at any of the tested concentrations (Table 6b). No tested samples produced a negative result when expected to be positive. The analysis was performed in triplicate.

Table 6a. Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine ELISA (Methamphetamine spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shadedcompounds are structurallyrelated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(11-nor-9-carboxy-delta8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(11-nor-9-carboxy-delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (-) Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Cotinine-N-oxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)-Alpha-methadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) 11-nor-9-carboxy-delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) 2,5-Dimethoxy- 4-bromoamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) Alphaprodine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)1,3-Benzodioxolyl-N-methylbutanamine (+/-) MBDB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6a. Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine ELISA (Methamphetamine spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shadedcompounds are structurallyrelated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+1-) 3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine (+/-)MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)4-methylenedioxy-N-ethyl-amphetamine (+/-) MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) 3,4-Methylenedioxymethampheta-mine(+/-) MDM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) Metanephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) Metoprolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) Norcotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) Propanolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) Trans-3&#x27;-Hydroxycotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Hydroxy-delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-Nortestosterone (Nandrolone)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1R,2S (-) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1S,2R (+) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-Oxo-3-hydroxy-LSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Methoxynaltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Trans-Hydroxy-norcotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Acetoamidophenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Hydroxy-Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,5-Diphenylhydantoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetyl-codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Monoacetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acebutolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetophenetidin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetopromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicyclic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha-Ergocryptine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aminorex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6a. Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine ELISA (Methamphetamine spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shadedcompounds are structurallyrelated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anhydroecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anileridine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apomorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atenolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Azaperone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine isopropyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Betamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boldenone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bumetanide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bupivicaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine-glucuronide(2500ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buspirone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butabarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carisoprodol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cimeterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clenbuterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clozapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6a. Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine ELISA (Methamphetamine spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Methamphetamine ELiSA (Methamphetamine spike)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shadedcompounds are structurallyrelated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine-N-beta-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,I-N-Desmethylvenlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deoxycorticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desalkylflurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desmethyldoxepin (cis/trans)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Despropionyl-fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dibucaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydroergotamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydromorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenoxylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dothiepin (cis/trans)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Droperidol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylidine Dimethyl DiphenylPyrrolidineMetabolite Methaone(EDDP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Effexor (Venlafaxine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-Ethyl-5-methyl-3,3-diphenylpyrroline (EMDP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ergonovine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethacrynic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethopropazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6a. Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine ELISA (Methamphetamine spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Methamphetamine ELiSA (Methamphetamine spike)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shadedcompounds are structurallyrelated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenfluramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flumethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gluthimide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haloperidol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hexobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) 4-hydroxy-3-methoxymethamphetamine (+/-)HMMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) 4-Hydroxyephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibogaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketoprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levo-Alpha Acetyl Methadol (LAAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labetalol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Hyoscyamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lorazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD/ISOLysergic acid diethylamide -(ISOLSD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lysergic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lysergol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maprotiline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6a. Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine ELISA (Methamphetamine spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shadedcompounds are structurallyrelated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mephentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mepivacaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metaphit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metaproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metaraminol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methohexital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methoxyphenamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylergonovine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylphenidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>m-Hydroxybenzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mianserin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Midazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monensin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3-betaglucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-6-betaglucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nadolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalmefene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone-3-beta-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltriben</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-DesmethyIclomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethylflunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethyltramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethyltrimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbenzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordiazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6a. Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine ELISA (Methamphetamine spike)   

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shadedcompounds are structurallyelated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nor- Levo-Alpha Acetyl Methadol(Nor-LAAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nor- Lysergic acid diethylamide (Nor-LSD/Nor-ISO Lysergic aciddiethylamide —(Nor-ISO LSD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normeperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normeperidinic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norpropoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noscapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O-Desmethyltramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxprenolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-Acetamidophenyl-beta-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Papaverine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pemoline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentazocine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phendimetrazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenelzine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenothiazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylethyamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylpropanolamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>para-Methoxyamphetamine, or 4-methoxyamphetamine (PMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6a. Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine ELISA (Methamphetamine spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shadedcompounds are structurallyrelated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>para-Methoxy-N-methylamphetamine(PMMMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prilocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prochlorperazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progesterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propiomazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propionylpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (+) Methcathinone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (-) Epinephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (+) Cathinone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salbutamol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stanazalol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfadimethoxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfamethazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfathiazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Terbutaline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thebaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triamcinolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trifluoperazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trifluopromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimeprazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6a. Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine ELISA (Methamphetamine spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shadedcompounds are structurallyrelated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tylosin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yohimbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yohimbine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zolpidem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zopiclone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R,R (-)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine Morpholine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

A variety of structurally related and unrelated compounds were tested for interference at $1 0 0 0 0 { \mathsf { n g } }/ { \mathsf { m l } }$ $( 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 { \mathsf { p g / m g } } )$ unless otherwise noted in the Methamphetamine ELISA. Negative hair extracts were spiked with $( \pm )$ MDMA at $-50 \%$ $( 2 5 0 { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { g } } / { \mathsf { m } } { \mathsf { g } } )$ , $+ 1 2 5 \%$ $( 6 2 5 \mathsf { p g / m g } )$ and $+ 1 5 0 \%$ $( 7 5 0 \mathsf { p g / m g } )$ of the $( \pm ) \mathsf { M D M A }$ Cutoff Concentration $( 5 0 0 \mathsf { p g / m g } )$ . These were then additionally spiked with $1 0 0 0 0 { \mathsf { n g } }/ { \mathsf { m l } }$ $( 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 { \mathsf { p g / m g } } )$ of the structurally related and unrelated compounds unless otherwise noted. The absorbances were compared to the $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m g }$ $( \pm )$ MDMA Cutoff control (CO). Compounds that were structurally similar to $( \pm )$ MDMA (Table 6b) interfered in the assay. These structurally related compounds produced a positive response due to significant cross-reactivity. The remaining compounds which were tested did not interfere with the assay at any of the tested concentrations (Table 6b) except for d,l-desmethyl-Venlafaxine which consistently produced a positive response in the $-50 \%$ CO interference test at concentrations greater than $7 5 0 0 \mathsf { n g / m L ( 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 / m g ) }$ . The presence of d,l-desmethyl-Venlafaxine at 10000 $\mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m L }$ ( $4 0 0 0 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m g } } )$ did not produce a negative result in the $+ 1 2 5 \%$ and $+ 1 5 0 \%$ interference experiments. No tested samples produced a negative result when expected to be positive. The analysis was performed in triplicate.

Table 6b: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine/MDMA ELISA (MDMA spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shaded compounds arestructurally related)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(11-nor-9-carboxy-delta8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1-nor-9-carboxy-delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (-) Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6b: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine/MDMA ELISA (MDMA spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shaded compounds arestructurally related)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Cotinine-N-oxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)-Alpha-methadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1-nor--carboxy-delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/) 2,5-Dimethoxy- 4-bromoamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) Alphaprodine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)1,3-Benzodioxolyl-N-methylbutanamine(MBDB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/- 3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine ((+/)MDA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-methylenedioxy-N-ethy-amphetamine(() MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) 3,4-Methylenedioxymethampheta-mine((+-)MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) Metanephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) Metoprolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) Norcotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) Propanolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6b: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine/MDMA ELISA (MDMA spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shaded compounds arestructurally related)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Trans-3&#x27;-Hydroxycotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Hydroxy-delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-Nortestosterone (Nandrolone)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1R,2S (-) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1S,2R (+) Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-Oxo-3-hydroxy-LSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Methoxynaltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Trans-Hydroxy-norcotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Acetoamidophenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Hydroxy-Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,5-Diphenylhydantoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetyl-codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Monoacetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acebutolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetophenetidin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetopromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicyclic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha-Ergocryptine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aminorex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6b: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine/MDMA ELISA (MDMA spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shaded compounds arestructurally related)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicilllin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anhydroecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anileridine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apomorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atenolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Azaperone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine isopropyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Betamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boldenone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bumetanide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bupivicaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buspirone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butabarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carisoprodol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6b: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine/MDMA ELISA (MDMA spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shaded compounds arestructurally related)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cimeterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clenbuterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clozapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine-N-beta-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,I-N-Desmethylvenlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,I-N-Desmethylvenlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deoxycorticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desalkylflurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desmethyldoxepin (i/trans)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Despropionyl-fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6b: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine/MDMA ELISA (MDMA spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shaded compounds arestructurally related)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dibucaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydroergotamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydromorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenoxylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dothiepin (cis/trans)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Droperidol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylidine Dimethyl Diphenyl PyrrolidineMetabolite of Methadone) (EDDP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Effexor (Venlafaxine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-Ethyl-5-methyl-3,3-diphenylpyrroline(EMDP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ergonovine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethacrynic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6b: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine/MDMA ELISA (MDMA spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shaded compounds arestructurally related)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethopropazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenfluramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flumethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gluthimide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haloperidol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hexobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/) 4-hydroxy-3-methoxymethamphetamine(+/-) HMMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) 4-Hydroxyephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibogaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6b: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine/MDMA ELISA (MDMA spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shaded compounds arestructurally related)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketoprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levo-Alpha Acetyl Methadol (LAAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labetalol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Hyoscyamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lorazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD/ ISOLysergic acid diethylamide SO LSD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lysergic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lysergol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maprotiline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mephentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mepivacaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metaphit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metaproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metaraminol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methohexital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methoxyphenamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylergonovine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylphenidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6b: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine/MDMA ELISA (MDMA spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shaded compounds arestructurally related)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>m-Hydroxybenzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mianserin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Midazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monensin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine(1000ng/l)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3-betaglucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-6-betaglucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nadolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalmefene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone-3-beta-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltriben</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-DesmethyIclomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethylflunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethyltramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethyltrimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbenzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine(1000ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6b: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine/MDMA ELISA (MDMA spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shaded compounds arestructurally related)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordiazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl(1000ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nor- Levo-Alpha Acetyl Methadol (Nor-LAAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nor- Lysergic acid diethylamide (Nor-LSD/Nor-ISO Lysergic acid diethylamide -(Nor-ISO LSD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normeperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normeperidinic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norpropoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noscapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O-Desmethyltramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxprenolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-Acetamidophenyl-beta-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Papaverine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pemoline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6b: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine/MDMA ELISA (MDMA spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shaded compounds arestructurally related)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentazocine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phendimetrazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenelzine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenothiazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylethyamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylpropanolamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>para-Methoxyamphetamine, or 4methoxyamphetamine (PMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>para-Methoxy-N-methylamphetamine (PMMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prilocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prochlorperazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progesterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propiomazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propionylpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6b: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine/MDMA ELISA (MDMA spike)   

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shaded compounds arestructurally related)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (+) Methcathinone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (-) Epinephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (+) Cathinone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salbutamol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stanazalol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfadimethoxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfamethazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfathiazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Terbutaline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thebaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triamcinolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trifluoperazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trifluopromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Table 6b: Interferences of Structurally Related and Unrelated Compounds on Methamphetamine/MDMA ELISA (MDMA spike)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound (shaded compounds arestructurally related)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofcompound ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% CO(250pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+125% CO(625pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+150% CO(750pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimeprazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tylosin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yohimbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yohimbine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zolpidem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zopiclone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R,R (-)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine Morpholine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

# CALIBRATOR AND CONTROL:

The Omega Laboratories, Inc. ELISA Meth-MDMA Screening Protocols utilize in-house prepared calibrators and control solutions. The study successfully demonstrated the validation and stability of these solutions and the traceability to NIST standards.

The data demonstrating the stability of Meth-MDMA in methanol for a period of one year when stored refrigerated in an amber bottle was provide as part of K101973. The quantitative values of $5 1 2 \mathrm { p g / m g }$ for methamphetamine, after a one year period is within $10 \%$ of the target value of $5 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m g } }$ . The study validated the one 1 year expiration date for the Calibrator Stock Solution.

# STABILITY:

Hair samples were taken from the head were packaged (stored) in the Omega Collection Kit (The Hair Collection Kit consists of a poly transport bag, a small piece of foil, a small specimen pouch (envelope). The Collection Kit, containing the hair sample was previously confirmed Positive then stored for an average of 4 years.

A variety of ethnic origin, hair color and curvature were tested.

# Omega Laboratories, Inc. 510(k) Summary Omega Hair Drug Screening Assay for Methamphetamine and MDMA Page 33 of 38

Table 7: Stability Test Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description of samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total samples were used in the stability study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previously confirmed Positive for Methamphetamine samples(1 under cutoff of 500pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>previously confirmed Positive for MDMA samples(2 under cutoff of 500pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr></table>

# Samples Testing

The samples were originally confirmed Positive for Methamphetamine or MDMA using the Omega Confirmation Protocol.

The samples were run a second time using the Omega Confirmation Protocol.

The stability of the samples when stored for an extended period of time will be deemed acceptable if the mean variation in the Methamphetamine or MDMA concentrations is less than $1 5 \%$ . A variance of $1 5 \%$ was chosen since the Uncertainty of Measurement associated with the Omega Laboratories, Inc. GC/MS Confirmation Test process is $1 3 . 6 \%$ at a $9 5 \%$ confidence level (see the attached Uncertainty Budget completed in accordance with ISO17025 Laboratory Accreditation).

Methamphetamine and MDMA data from this study are shown in the table below.

Table 8: Stability Study Data Summary Ranges   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value or Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Meth Stability Study Data Summary Ranges</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range in concentration pg/mg hair (4 Years Prior)(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>271-30,262</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range in concentration pg/mg hair (After)(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>342- 34,002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Change</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Max and Min Decrease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10% and -1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Max and Min Increase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26% and 1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number that increased in concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number that decreased in concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MDMA Stability Study Data Summary Ranges</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range in concentration pg/mg hair (3.5 Years Prior)(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167-12,107</td></tr></table>

Table 8: Stability Study Data Summary Ranges   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value or Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range in concentration pg/mg hair (After)(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183 - 15,852</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Change</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Max and Min Decrease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7% and 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Max and Min Increase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31% and 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number that increased in concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number that decreased in concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number that had no change in concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

This Stability Study demonstrated that the mean variance in the concentration of Methamphetamine of $4 \%$ or MDMA of $10 \%$ in hair samples when stored for an extended period of time was acceptable at less than $1 5 \%$ .

# SHIPPING:

200 head hair samples were used in the shipping study; 49 samples previously confirmed Positive for Methamphetamine, 48 -samples previously confirmed positive for MDMA, 100 previously screened negative samples and 3 samples that were just under the cutoff. Each box contained a variety of hair color and curvature. Four separate shipping boxes each containing 25 previously screened negative samples, a minimum of 12 previously confirmed positive samples or close to cutoff were stored in a freezer at approximately $- 1 2 \textdegree$ for approximately 20 hours then heated to approximately $4 3 \textdegree$ for a period of approximately seven hours. This represented exposure to extreme temperature. The minimum and maximum temperature and humidity ranges are in Table 9 below. Each box was then shipped to a different location in the United States of America. (Portland, Maine, Anchorage, Alaska, Naples, Florida and Tempe, Arizona). The shipments were held at their respective locations for a period of at least two days then returned to Omega. The returned samples were then confirmed using GC/MS. The comparison of the results prior to shipping and after shipping is summarized below.

All hair samples were taken from the crown of the head and packaged (stored) in the Omega preferred Collection Kit (The Hair Collection Kit consists of a poly transport bag, a small piece of foil, a small specimen pouch/envelope). Collection Kits containing the hair samples were packed in a shipping box (Corrugated box $2 . 5 " \times 1 3 . 5 " \times 1 1 . 5 " )$ .

Table 9: Shipping Test Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previously confirmed Methamphetamine Positive samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previously confirmed MDMA Positive samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previously screened Negative For Methamphetamine and MDMA samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples that confirmed below the 500 pg/mg cutofflevel ForMethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples that confirmed below the 500 pg/mg cutofflevel For MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Samples used in the shipping study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr></table>

# Sample shipping

Each Shipping box contained a “DataLogger” to record humidity and temperature. The DataLogger takes readings every five minutes.

The DataLogger specifications and the raw data generated are attached.

Each box contained hair samples exhibiting a variety color and curvature.

Four separate shipping boxes each containing 25 previously screened negative samples, a minimum of 12 previously confirmed positive samples or close to cutoff were stored in a freezer at approximately $\boldsymbol { \mathbf { \ell } } _ { - 1 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { { C } } }$ for approximately 20 hours then heated to approximately $4 3 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for a period of approximately seven hours. This represented exposure to extreme temperature.

Shipping study transport time totaled at least 5 days.

Each box was then shipped to a different location in the United States (Portland, Maine, Anchorage, Alaska, Naples, Florida and Tempe, Arizona). The shipments were held at their respective locations for at least two days and then returned to Omega.

The returned samples were then screened and quantitatively tested using GC/MS.

The minimum and maximum shipping temperature and humidity ranges are shown in Table 10 below.

Table 10 Shipping Temperatures and Humidity Ranges   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DataLoggerID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shipped to Location Then Returned toOmega Laboratories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min Temp(C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max Temp(C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min Humidity(%RH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max Humidity(%RH)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7310005629</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1. Portland, Maine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7310005644</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2. Anchorage, Alaska</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7310005628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3. Naples, Florida</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7310005627</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4. Tempe Arizona</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.5</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

This Shipping Study demonstrated that there is no adverse effect on hair samples when exposed to extreme temperatures and variations in humidity that might occur during sample transport. Of the 200 samples screened and confirmed then shipped and returned then screened and confirmed a second time, no samples had discordant screening results.

# COSMETIC TREATMENT:

The study was designed to evaluate and document the effects of various cosmetic treatments on the Omega Laboratories, Inc. ELISA Meth_MDMA Screening Protocol

Two Cosmetic Treatment Studies were conducted.

 Study 1 was specific to Methamphetamine and reported MDMA when present.

 Study 2 was specific to MDMA and reported Methamphetamine when present.

# Cosmetic Treatment. Studies 1 and 2

<table><tr><td>BLEACH #1 - Salon Care Blue Flash Professional Powder Lightener BLEACH #2 - Loreal Super Oreal Blanc® Professional Powder Bleach PERM #1 - Naturelle Natural Curls Alkiline Perm PERM #2 - Natural Apple Self-Timing Perm DYE #1 - Revlon® Colorsilk ™ Black DYE #2 - Garnier Herbashine Soft Mahogany Dark Brown RELAXER #1 - Silk Elements ™m No-Lye Sensitive Scalp Relaxer System</td></tr></table>

# Study 1

Sixty (60) head hair specimens previously determined to be negative for Meth_MDMA by the screening assay were obtained and the ethnic origin, hair color and curvature were documented.

One hundred and sixteen (116) hair specimens potentially positive for Meth_MDMA by the screening assay were obtained and the ethnic origin, hair color and curvature were documented.

Each specimen was divided into 2 aliquots. One aliquot was analyzed by the ELISA protocol and the GC/MS confirmation method.

The second aliquots were randomly assigned to the hair treatments listed in above and the treatments were performed suggested by the manufacturers.

Treated aliquots were analyzed by the ELISA protocol and the GC/MS confirmation method.

All samples in this study were analyzed by the ELISA protocol and the GC/MS confirmation method before and after cosmetic treatments were applied.

# Study 2

Sixty head hair specimens previously determined to be negative for MDMA were obtained and the ethnic origin, hair color and curvature were documented.

One hundred hair specimens potentially positive for MDMA were obtained and the ethnic origin, hair color and curvature were documented.

Each specimen was divided into 2 aliquots. One aliquot was analyzed by the ELISA protocol

The second aliquots were randomly assigned to the hair treatments listed.

Treated aliquots were analyzed by the ELISA protocol

# Cosmetic Treatment Study 1 (Methamphetamine)

This effect was negligible for negative samples. The percent difference between the mean normalized absorbance values of the treated and untreated groups was less than $10 \%$ for bleaching, perms, dyes, and shampoos. The $\%$ change for the hair specimens treated with relaxers was greater at a mean of $14 \%$ . However, this only changed the overall positive/negative result for one specimen and the quantitative values before and after treatment was within the standard uncertainty range of the GC/MS confirmation assay as determined in accordance with ISO17025 Accreditation $( \pm 1 2 . 6 \%$ at a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval, equivalent to a range of $4 3 7 - 5 6 3 \ : \mathsf { p g / m g }$ , see attached Uncertainty Budget).

Permanent treatments had the greatest effect on positive samples followed by bleaching resulting in an average decrease in methamphetamine/MDMA concentration of $14 \%$ and $1 1 \%$ , respectively. The mean effect of dyes, relaxers, and shampoos was $8 \%$ , $8 \%$ , and $5 \%$ respectively.

# Cosmetic Treatment Study 2 (MDMA)

This effect was negligible for negative samples. The percent difference between the mean normalized absorbance values of the treated and untreated groups was $1 5 \%$ or less for permanent, relaxers, dyes, and shampoos. The $\%$ change for the hair specimens treated with bleach was greater at a mean of $21 \%$ . The overall positive/negative result changed for only one specimen which was due to bleach treatment.

Bleach treatments had the greatest effect on positive resulting in an average decrease in MDMA concentration of $1 7 \%$ . The mean effect of permanents, relaxers, dyes, and shampoos was $13 \%$ , $12 \%$ , $8 \%$ , and $5 \%$ , respectively.

The mean change for all treatments except perms, was within the standard uncertainty range of the GC/MS confirmation assay as determined in accordance with ISO17025 Accreditation $( \pm 1 2 . 6 \%$ at a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval).

Table 11: Summary of Effects for Positive GC/MS Confirmation Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean change in Methconcentration(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean change in MDMAconcentration(pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Permanent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-14%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-17%</td></tr></table>

Omega Laboratories, Inc. 510(k) Summary Omega Hair Drug Screening Assay for Methamphetamine and MDMA Page 38 of 38   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean change in Methconcentration(pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean change in MDMAconcentration(pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bleach</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-13%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dyeing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relaxer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shampoo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5%</td></tr></table>

# ENVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION:

Two studies were performed to investigate whether confirmatory testing procedures are able to distinguish between true analytically positive samples and those that have been externally exposed to Meth -MDMA. The focus of the studies was to demonstrate that a methanol wash procedure mitigates the risk of false positive results while maintaining true analytical positive results.

The first study involved exposing drug-free hair to Meth - MDMA, washing the hair with methanol three times, performing confirmation testing on the samples and the washes, and observing the final test result. The second study involved performing confirmation testing on known positive samples and observing whether the methanol washes change the final result. Head hair was used for this study.

Evaluating potential environmental contamination and the effectiveness of a methanol wash using this study design, all analytically negative samples tested remained negative after being subjected to Meth - MDMA by the exposure modes described followed by a single methanol wash.

Additionally, all clinically positive samples tested remain positive after the wash steps were performed.

# SUMMARY CONCLUSION:

The comparison of results of the proposed assay with the confirmatory GC/MS testing of head and body hair samples showed the results to be substantially equivalent

The candidate Omega Hair Drug Screening Assay for Meth-MDMA (head and body hair) is substantially equivalent to the predicate Omega Hair Drug Screening Assay for Meth - MDMA (K101973 for head hair) based on the design and performance studies discussed in this summary. Supporting Performance Testing presented for review in this document, includes agreement, precision, specificity, interference (including cosmetic effects), removal of environmental contamination, stability and shipping tests.