CHEMTRON BIOTECH, INC. JANE ZHANG DIRECTOR OF QA/RA 9245 BROWN DEER ROAD SAN DIEGO CA 92121

Re: K143599 Trade/Device Name: Chemtrue $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug Screen Cup Tests Chemtrue $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug Screen Cup Tests With OPI 2000 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG, LFG, DKZ, DIO, LDJ, DNK, LAF, LCM, JXM, DIS, DJC, DJR Dated: April 9, 2015 Received: April 13, 2015

Dear Ms. Jane Zhang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Ms. Jane Zhang

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Stayce Beck -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k143599

Device Name Chemtrue Drug Screen Cup Tests

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Tests are rapid lateral flow immunoassays for the qualitative detection of   
Buprenorphine, Amphetamine, Cocaine, Marjuana, Morphine 300, Methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Benzodiazepines,   
Barbituras, EssyMhane Oxycne ndricycntrent ug uni.The   
concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MAMP</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine</td><td>MOR</td><td>Morphine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>PCP</td><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>25</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>THC</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC9 COOH</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,l-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>MTD</td><td>Methadone</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY</td><td>Oxycodone</td><td>100</td></tr></table>

The Chemtrue $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug Screen Cup Tests panel can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The tests are intended for prescription and Over-The-Counter (OTC) use.

T ou confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Mass Speomy /S) e refroratoths. inlcnsratn nd proessialjue ul be applied toany drugs oabuse test result, particulary when preliminary positive results areindicated.

Tu Burohi Oycnenicyctrents.Teory izutratv for these drugs in urine.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden tmeorhiscollection normation tiateoavergehours peespons inclu time to review nstructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and coplet and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Device Name Chemtrue Drug Screen Cup Tests with OPI 2000

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Th Ce rScreepTet ih I 00 e aateosy  he ualivt   
Buprenorphine, Amphetamine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Opiates 2000, Methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Benzodiazepines,   
Barbiturats, Ecstasy,Methadone, Oxycodone nd Tricyclicntiepressants drug inhuan urineThe testuf   
concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MAMP</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Opiates 2000</td><td>MOR</td><td>Morphine</td><td>2000</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>PCP</td><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>25</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>THC</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC9 COOH</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,l-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>MTD</td><td>Methadone</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY</td><td>Oxycodone</td><td>100</td></tr></table>

The Chemtrue DrugScreen Cup Tests with OPI 2000 panel can consist of any combination  the above list ru analytes.

The tests are intended for prescription and Over-The-Counter (OTC) use.

T u confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spe /Sarhe reetys.Cloneratinn osial juul be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particulary when preliminary positive results are indicated.

T u Buehi Oycnenriycrents.Tereo iuttra for these drugs in urine.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden t r h collectionfoationtateoverehours peponse,incd time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

AS REQUIRED BY 21 CFR 807.92(c)

A. SUBMITTER: Chemtron Biotech, Inc. 9245 Brown Deer Road, Suite B, San Diego, CA 92121. TEL: 858-450-0044; FAX: 858-450-0046

Contact Person: Jane Zhang, Director of QA/RA Official FDA Correspondent 9245 Brown Deer Road, Suite B San Diego, CA 92121 Office: (858) 450-0044; FAX: (858) 450-0046 Email: jane@uschemtronbio.com   
Date Prepared: April 15, 2015

B. DEVICE Trade or Proprietary Name: Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Tests Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Tests with OPI 2000 Common Name: Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel Regulatory Class: Class II

# Regulatory Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug of Abuse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR 862.3100, Amphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3250, Cocaine and metabolites Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3610, Methamphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNK</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3640, Morphine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3650 Opiates Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unclassified, Enzyme immunoassay Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3870, Cannabinoids Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3170, Benzodiazepines Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barbiturates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3150, Barbiturates Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecstasy (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3610, Methamphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3620, Methadone Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3650, Opiate Test System</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug of Abuse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR 862.3650</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3910</td></tr></table>

In addition, previously FDA cleared Chemtrue® BUP/TCA Drug Screen Cup Tests (k142396/CR140334):

C-1. k061718 INNOVACON® Integrated E-Z Cup, submitter: INNOVACON Laboratories, Inc.   
C-2. k060896 OnSite CupKit™, submitter: Varian, Inc.

# D. INDICATIONS FOR USE:

Device Name: Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Tests Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Tests with OPI 2000

Indications for Use:

Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Tests:

The Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Tests are rapid lateral flow immunoassays for the qualitative detection of Buprenorphine, Amphetamine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Morphine 300, Methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Benzodiazepines, Barbiturates, Ecstasy, Methadone, Oxycodone and Tricyclic Antidepressants drugs in human urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MAMP /MET</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine</td><td>MOR</td><td>Morphine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>PCP</td><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>25</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>THC</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,1-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>MTD</td><td>Methadone</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY</td><td>Oxycodone</td><td>100</td></tr></table>

The Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Tests panel can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes. The tests are intended for prescription and Over-The-Counter (OTC) use.

The tests provide only a preliminary result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

The tests are not intended to differentiate between drugs of abuse and prescription use of Benzodiazepines, Barbiturates, Buprenorphine, Oxycodone and Tricyclic Antidepressants. There are no uniformly recognized cut-off concentration levels for these drugs in urine.

Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Tests with OPI 2000:

The Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Tests with OPI 2000 are rapid lateral flow immunoassays for the qualitative detection of Buprenorphine, Amphetamine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Opiates 2000, Methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Benzodiazepines, Barbiturates, Ecstasy, Methadone, Oxycodone and Tricyclic Antidepressants drugs in human urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MAMP /MET</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Opiates 2000</td><td>OPI</td><td>Morphine</td><td>2000</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>PCP</td><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>25</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>THC</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,1-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>MTD</td><td>Methadone</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY</td><td>Oxycodone</td><td>100</td></tr></table>

The Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Tests with OPI 2000 panel can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes. The tests are intended for prescription and Over-The-Counter (OTC) use.

The tests provide only a preliminary result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

The tests are not intended to differentiate between drugs of abuse and prescription use of Benzodiazepines, Barbiturates, Buprenorphine, Oxycodone and Tricyclic Antidepressants. There are no uniformly recognized cut-off concentration levels for these drugs in urine.

# E. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Tests are colloidal gold based lateral flow immunoassays for the rapid, qualitative detection of drugs of abuse in human urine. The tests are single-use, in vitro diagnostic devices, which come in the Cup format, as indicated by the test name.

# F. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION:

Comparison with the predicate devices is outlined below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate (k061718 and k060896)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For qualitative detection of drugs of abuse inhuman urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral flow, competitive bindingimmunoassay based on the principle of antigenand antibody immunochemistry.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2  30°C until the expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k061718: 2  30°C until the expiration date;k060896: 15 - 30°C.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Users</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription and Over-the-Counter(OTC) users</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k061718:Prescription users, including point-of-care;k060896:Prescription users</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes and CutOffs (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine  sameBarbiturates - sameTricyclic Antidepressants  sameOpiates 2000  sameMDMA - sameMethadone - sameOxycodone - samePropoxyphene  not included in thedeviceAmphetamine - 1000Benzodiazepines - 300Cocaine - 300Methamphetamine - 1000Morphine - 300Phencyclidine — sameMarijuana - same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k061718Buprenorphine  10Barbiturates - 300Tricyclic Antidepressants - 1000Opiates 2000 - 2000MDMA-500Methadone - 300Oxycodone - 100Propoxyphene  300k061718 and k060896Amphetamine - 1000 / 300Benzodiazepines  300 / 200Cocaine - 300 / 150Methamphetamine - 1000 /500 / 300Morphine - 300 / 2000Phencyclidine  25Marijuana - 50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K061718-Cup and Dipcard; k060896-Cup</td></tr></table>

# G. TEST PRINCIPLE

The Chemtrue® Drug Screen Tests are rapid lateral flow immunoassays in which chemically modified drugs (drug-protein conjugates) compete with drugs that may be present in urine. On each test strip, a drug-protein conjugate is striped on the test band of the membrane - known as the test region (T) and the anti-drug antibody-colloidal gold conjugate pads are placed at the forward end of the membrane. If target drugs are present in the urine specimen below its cut-off concentration, the solution of the colored antibody-colloidal gold conjugates moves along with the sample solution by capillary action across the membrane to the immobilized drug-protein conjugate zone on the test band region. The colored antibody-gold conjugates then complexes with the drug-protein conjugates to form visible lines. Therefore, the formation of the visible precipitant in the test band indicates a negative result. If the target drug level exceeds its cut-off concentration, the drug/metabolite antigen competes with drug-protein conjugates on the test band region for the limited antibody on the colored drug antibody-colloidal gold conjugate pad. The drug will saturate the limited antibody binding sites and the colored antibody-colloidal gold conjugate cannot bind to the drug-protein conjugate at the test region of the test strip. Therefore, absence of the color band on the test region indicates a preliminary positive result.

A band should form in the control region (C) of the devices regardless of the presence of drug in the sample to indicate that the test has been performed properly.

Monoclonal anti-drug antibodies are used on the BUP/AMP/COC/MET/MOR/OPI2000/PCP/THC/ BAR/MDMA/MTD/OXY Test devices which are derived from mouse. The polyclonal anti-drug antibodies are used on TCA/BZO Test devices which are derived from sheep/mouse.

# H. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

Performance data is only provided for AMP, COC, MAMP, OPI2000, MOR300, PCP, THC, BZO, BAR, MDMA, MTD, and OXY, as the new analytes. BUP/TCA analytes of the candidate devices were previously cleared under k142396/CR140334.

1. Reproducibility (Precision) Studies:

The precision study was conducted by three (3) Operators with three (3) lots in replicates of 10 devices/lot at each concentration level of Negative, $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ , cut-off, $12 5 \%$ and $1 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff which are GC/MS confirmed drug spiked urine controls. The study was conducted over a ten (10) nonconsecutive days. The samples were blind coded according to a random table and randomly distributed to three operators by the project Manager. The data is analyzed and summarized in the tables below:

Table 1a. AMP Cup Test: Cutoff: $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1b. BAR Cup Test: Cutoff: $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1c. BZO Cup Test: Cutoff: $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1d. COC Cup Test: Cutoff: $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1e. MDMA Cup Test: Cutoff: $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1f. MET Cup Test: Cutoff: $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1g. MTD Cup Test: Cutoff: $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1h. MOR 300 Cup Test: Cutoff: $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1i. OPI 2000 Cup Test: Cutoff: $2 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1j. OXY Cup Test: Cutoff: $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1k. PCP Cup Test: Cutoff: $2 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1L. THC Cup Test: Cutoff: $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

2. Specificity Study: These studies were conducted by adding various drugs, drug metabolites, and other structurally-similar compounds likely to be present in the actual urine specimen. The following structurally-related compounds were tested for cross-reactivity and found to be positive if the levels were greater than the following listed concentrations:

Amphetamine related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc. (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1- Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(d,1)-MDMA [(d,1)-3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(d,1)3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr></table>

Barbiturates related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alphenal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aprobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butabarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclopentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr></table>

Benzodiazepines related compounds:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clorazepate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">350</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desalkylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">462</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">333</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7,500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">900</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">350</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr></table>

Cocaine related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr></table>

MDMA (Methylenedioxymethamphetamine) related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc. (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-(3,4)-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-Methylenedioxyethylamphentamine (MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1- Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1- Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.5</td></tr></table>

Methamphetamine related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc. (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1- Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(R)-()-Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-MDMA (3,4- Methylenedioxymethamphetamine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-MDEA (Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-MDA (3,4- Methylenedioxyamphetamine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1- Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr></table>

Methadone related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3</td></tr></table>

Morphine 300 related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diacetyl morphin (Heroin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3</td></tr></table>

Opiates 2000 related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diacetyl morphin (Heroin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paracetamol (or Acetaminophen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thebaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr></table>

Oxycodone related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

PCP related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025</td></tr></table>

THC related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ°-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ8-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Λ-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr></table>

3. Interference:

3-1. Over one hundred of potential interferents were tested and found not to cross-react when tested at concentrations of $1 0 0 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the drug cut-off concentrations.

Table 3. The following compounds do not interfere with the tests:

# Endogenous Compounds:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td></tr></table>

# Un-structurally related compound:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5, 5-Diphenylhydantoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Octopamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Erythromycin,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estradiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estrone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R-(-)-Apomorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenofibrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspirin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspartame</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fotemustine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baclofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gemfibrozil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guaiacolglyceryl ether</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentisic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pyridoxine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carisoprodol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydralazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pyrilamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloramphenicol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pyrogallol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)-Chlorpheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)-Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinolinic Acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clofibrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meprobamate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methapyrilene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylphenidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)-Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalidixic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatine Hydrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclodextrin-r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)-Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyproheptadine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Niacinamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deoxycorticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotinic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nifedipine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diclofenac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-Norethindrone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tryptamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diflunisal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norpropoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Dimethyl-aminoantipyrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noscapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zomepirac sodium salt</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Additional interference study: In addition to the cross-reactivity and interference studies presented in this submission, all the drug tests were tested with each of the 14 drugs at $1 5 0 \%$ and $50 \%$ of the drug cut-off urine samples. The results confirmed that there is no interference or cross-reactivity among these drug tests.

Effect of Urine $\mathsf { p H }$ and Specific Gravity Studies: The testing results demonstrate that the urine pH ranges from 2.0 to 9.0 at $\pm 5 0 \%$ of the drug cut-off concentrations do not affect the test performance. The specific gravity (SG) ranges of 1.001, 1.010, 1.015, 1.020, 1.025 and 1.030 at $\pm 5 0 \%$ of the drug cut-off concentrations do not affect the test results.

4. Stability Study: To establish and support the shelf life and expiration date, stability studies were conducted under accelerated temperature (at $6 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and $4 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ), and real time $( 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ with three (3) lots of each device format. The stability study results support two (2) years shelf-life of the products at (2 to $3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ). The real time stability study is still on-going.

# 5. Method Comparison Studies:

Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Tests were compared to the GC/MS Reference Method. The accuracy of the Chemtrue® Test devices were evaluated against the confirmed GC/MS values in this blindlabeled clinical specimen correlation study (On average of 85 clinical specimens for each drug test and a total of 586 samples were tested). Three operators performed the testing. Each blind labeled sample was randomly distributed to each operator by the Clinical Research Cooperator. The results are summarized in the tables below:

Table 5a. Summary from method comparison (Accuracy) study of Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Test results versus GC/MS   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Chemtrue®Drug Screen Cup</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Concentrations by GC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">(+)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative(&lt;50% of the C/O)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near cutoffnegative(50% of the C/O to thecutoff)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near cutoffpositive(Cutoff to 150% of theC/O)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive(≥150% of thecutoff)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP  (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BAR  (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BZO   (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COC  (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA(+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MET   (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MTD  (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MOR300(+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPI2000(+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXY  (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCP   (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC   (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

Table 5b. DISCORDANT RESULTS: There are six (6) discordant results in total of all the 12-drug tests:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cutoff Value (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte assay(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Drug/Metabolite GC/MS value (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Value (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine 1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,061</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine 300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA 500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>498</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCP 25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZO 300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>253</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI 2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine and Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,701</td></tr></table>

The discordant results were confirmed at the drug cutoff level with the GC/MS concentrations.

6. OTC Lay-user Accuracy and Usability Studies:

This study demonstrates OTC accuracy and usability with AMP/BAR/BZO/COC/MDMA/MET/ MTD/MOR/OPI2000/OXY/PCP/THC and previously cleared BUP/TCA Tests (k142396). One hundred (100) intended lay-users participated in this OTC accuracy and usability study from three (3) intended user sites with GC/MS confirmed urine samples at the following concentrations: negative, $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ , $12 5 \%$ and $1 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drugs into drug-free urine pool. Each sample was aliquot into an individual blind-labeled container. Each lay-user was provided with a package insert in English only, one blind labeled sample and one test device. The results are summarized below:

Table 6a. Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Test vs GC/MS Value Analysis   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">DrugAnalyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cut Off(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Results</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Drug Concentrations (Per GC/MS Values)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Drug present</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50% of thecutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75% of thecutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125% of thecutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150% of thecutoff</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">AMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BAR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BZO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BUP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">COC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MTD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MOR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">OPI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">OXY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># of Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. $\ge 9 8 \%$ of the lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on the package insert and the score revealed a reading grade level of less than 7.

# I. CONCLUSION:

Based on the test principle and performance characteristics of the proposed device, it is concluded that the candidate devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.