AEROCRINE AB   
KATHLEEN RICKARD   
CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER   
RASUNDAVAGEN 18, 8TH FLOOR   
SOLNA SE-169 67 SE

Re: K150233 Trade/Device Name: NIOX $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ VERO Airway Inflammation Monitor Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3080 Regulation Name: Breath nitric oxide test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: MXA Dated: January 30, 2015 Received: February 2, 2015

Dear Ms. Rickard:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -A

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name NIOX $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ VERO Airway Inflammation Monitor

muicaluns iul use (Descrve) NIOX VERO $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ measures Nitric Oxide (NO) in human breath. Nitric Oxide is frequently increased in some inflammatory p suc shmaTainal O traio expi reath eO, ca sureby IOXVERO according to guidelines for NO measurement established by the American Thoracic Society.

Measme FeNO yNIOX VEROs  qaniv on-nvasve plnetho ease in FeNOconcntratio i asthma patients hat oten occurs tertreatment with antiiflmatory pharacoia thera ihep  vaOveIOXVERO children, approximately 7 - 17 years, and adults 18 years and older.

FeNOesreets provih hysicn wimnvaluatsth patie eonsnl t phoul XRl l . NIOX VERO cannot beused witnfants rby children approximatey under the ge 7 as measurement equi ptint coperation. NIOX VERO hould ot b use in ciical care gency car  nethesilogy.VERO Us Manual by trainehealthcare professionals. NIOX VEROshould not be use in critical care eergency car in anesthesiology.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburen tocollectionomationtate veraghours  ons,cd time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# SPECIAL 510(k) SUMMARY

The assigned 510(k) number is: K150233

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SDMA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Preparation Date:

February 24, 2015

510(k) Applicant:

Aerocrine AB Räsundavägen 18, 8th Floor SE-171-21 Solna, Sweden Phone: +46-8-629-0780 Fax: +46-8-629-0781

# Contact Person:

Susanne Parks Global Director Regulatory Affairs & Quality Assurance

# Trade Name:

NIOX VERO®

# Common Name:

Airway Inflammation Monitor

Classification Name: Regulatory Class: Product Code: CFR Section:

System, Test, Breath Nitric Oxide   
Class II   
MXA   
21 CFR 862.3080

Predicate Device: 510(k) Clearance Number:

NIOX VERO® Airway Inflammation Monitor K133898 Class II under 21 CFR 862.3080, Product Code MXA

510(k) Applicant:

Aerocrine AB Räsundavägen 18, 8th Floor SE-171-21 Solna, Sweden Phone: +46-8-629-0780 Fax: +46-8-629-0781

Device Description

NIOX VERO is a portable system for the non-invasive, quantitative measurement of the fraction of exhaled nitric oxide (NO) in expired human breath (FeNO). NO levels increase during llergic airway inflammation. Measurement of changes in FeNO concentration is used in evaluating a patient's response to antiinflammatory therapy, as an adjunct to established clinical and laboratory assessments.

The NIOX VERO system is comprised of the NIOX VERO unit with AC adapter, a rechargeable battery, an electrochemical NO sensor, disposable patient filters, and an exchangeable handle containing an internal NO scrubber filter. The NIOX Panel is an optional PC application for operation of the NIOX VERO from a PC and access to electronic medical record systems. The device can connect to the PC via a standard USB cable or wirelessly via Bluetooth.

The ph ha e he pa  alay nth exale for 10 seconds. In approximately one minute, the NO concentration is displayed in parts per billion (ppb).

The NIOX VERO unit includes a sampling and gas conditioning system and a man-machine interface (MMI). The instrument controls the inhaled sample appropriately via the electronics and software program.Filtering of inhale air eliminates contamination from ambient NO levels.A built-in flow cnrol keeps exhalation standardized at $5 0 \mathrm { m l / s }$ so that it is standardized for all patients. The sample enters an electromechanical sensor and interacts with an electrolyte.A chemical reaction takes place where electrons are generated proportional to the number of NO molecules.

Results are procesed using dedicated softwareIn order to verify the device's performance andreliability measurements, there are built-in system control procedures and a Quality Control procedure to be performed on a daily basis.

# Intended Use/Indications for Use

NIOX VERO $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ measures Nitric Oxide (NO) in human breath. Nitric Oxide is frequently increased in some inflammatory processes such as asthma. The fractional NO concentration in expired breath (FeNO), can be measured by NIOX VERO according to guidelines for NO measurement established by the American Thoracic Society.

Measurement of FeNO by NIOX VERO is a quantitative, non-invasive, simple and safe method to measure the decrease in FeNO concentration in asthma patients that often occurs after treatment wi antiinflammatory pharmacological therapy, as an indication of the therapeutic effect in patients with elevated FeNO levels. NIOX VERO is suitable for children, approximately 7 - 17 years, and adults 18 years and older.

FeNO measurements provide the physician with means of evaluating an asthma patient's response to antiinflammatory therapy, as an adjunct to the established clinical and laboratory assessments in asthma. The NIOX VERO is intended for prescription use and should only be used as directed in the NIOX VERO User Manual by trained healthcare professionals. NIOX VERO cannot be used with infants or by children approximately under the age of 7, as measurement requires patient cooperation. NIOX VERO should not be used in critical care, emergency care or in anesthesiology. VERO User Manual by trained healthcare professionals. NIOX VERO should not be used in critical care, emergency care or in anesthesiology.

# Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicate

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIOX VERO®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIOX VERO®</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K150233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K133898</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3080</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MXA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MXA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See above</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical limits at low levels, (limit ofdetection)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical to predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical to predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 3 ppb of measured valuefor values &lt; 30 ppb&lt; 10% of measured valuefor values ≥30 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuracy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical to predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/- 5 ppb or max 10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical to predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 - 300 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity, reportable range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical to predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Squared correlationcoefficient r2 ≥ 0.998, slope0.95  1.05, intercept ±3ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC Connection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bluetooth wireless and USB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USB</td></tr></table>

The scope of this 510(k) application is the activation of existing Bluetooth technology on the predicate device.The Bluetooth module was present in the previously cleared device, but not active The activation o the module functionality does not impact the existing device measuring functionality or specifications as it acts as a wireless serial connection only and as an alternate to direct connection via USB cable. As shown above the subject device is identical to the predicate except for Bluetooth operation.

The NIOX VERO software and firmware cleared as part of K133898 already contains the Bluetooth functionality and no software or firmware alterations were necessary to implement this change. The factory configuration for US based NIOX VERO products has been altered to implement this change

# Performance Testing

The Bluetooth functionality for the NIOX VERO is currently available outside the US market. Verification and validation testing was previously performed for Bluetooth functionality prior to FDA clearance. The activation of Bluetooth for the US market did not require additional verification and validation of the hardware or software since the testing was previously completed and there were no changes in the hardware or software as part of the update to the device.

Risk analysis documentation has been updated to include additional risks from wireless operation. Wireless coexistence testing has been performed to veriy that there are o risks present from wireless interference in the clinical setting. FCC Part 15B testing was repeated with the Bluetooth module active in the NIOX VERO

This testing was performed as per the FDA Radio Frequency Wireless Technology in Medical Devices issued on 1 August 2013The results of this testing can be found in the body o this Special 510(k) applicatin and demonstrate that Bluetooth operation in the NIOX VERO device does not create additional risks from wireless interference in the intended device use setting.

# Conclusions:

The updated NIOX VERO has the same intended use as the predicate device. The device modifications do not affect the device's fundamental scientific technology clinical performance, hardwareor software as the functionality was previously implemented in the predicate, but not active in the US market

Wireless coexistence testing and risk analyses have demonstrated that any risks from interference have been properly mitigated as necessary to ensure wireless compliance and safety in the NIOX VERO's intended use environment. Verification and validation were previously performed to demonstrate that the USB cable communications functions are equivalent to the Bluetooth wireless communication operation.

The activation of existing Bluetooth functionality coupled with the appropriate wireless coexistence and FCC testing as per the FDA Guidance and previous verification and validation testing demonstrate that the subject device is as safe and effective as the predicate.