IMMUNALYSIS CORPORATION  
JOSEPH GINETE  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST829 TOWNE CENTER DR.  
POMONA CA 91767

Re: K150275 Trade/Device Name: Immunalysis 6-acetylmorphine Urine Enzyme Immunoassay, Immunalysis 6-acetylmorphine Urine Calibrator, Immunalysis 6-acetylmorphine Urine Controls

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650   
Regulation Name: Opiate test system   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: DJG, DKB, DIF   
Dated: January 20, 2015   
Received: February 4, 2015

Dear Mr. Ginete:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -A

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K150275

Device Name   
Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Enzyme Immunoassay, Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Controls and Immunalysis 6-   
Acetylmorphine Urine Calibrator

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Enzyme Immunoassay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with a cutoff of $1 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is intended for use in laboratories for the qualitative analysis of 6-Acetylmorphine in human urine with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This assay is calibrated against 6-Acetylmorphine. This in-vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Enzyme Immunoassay Kit provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Controls: The Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Controls are used as control materials in Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Enzyme Immunoassay.

Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Calibrator: The Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Calibrator is used as a calibrator in the Immunalysis Urine Enzyme Immunoassay for the qualitative determination of 6-Acetylmorphine in urine on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92(c).

2. Common Name:

Immunalysis Corporation   
Joseph Ginete   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
829 Towne Center Drive Pomona, CA 91767   
(909) 482-0840   
(909) 482-0850   
jginete@immunalysis.com   
March 6, 2015

Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Enzyme Immunoassay Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Controls Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Calibrator Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Enzyme Immunoassay Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Controls Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Calibrator II 21 CFR 862.3650 Opiate Test System 21 CFR 862.3200 Clinical Toxicology Calibrator 21 CFR 862.3280 Clinical Toxicology Control Material Toxicology(91) DJG DKB DIF C. Legally Marketed Device to Which We are Claiming Equivalence (807.92(A)(3)) Emit $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II Plus 6-Acetylmorphine Assay Emit® II Plus 6-AM/ Ecstasy Calibrators Emit $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II Plus 6-AM/ Ecstasy Controls Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. K102779

# D. Device Description

The assay consists of antibody/ substrate reagent and enzyme conjugate reagent. The antibody/ substrate reagent includes recombinant antibodies to 6-Acetylmorphine, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) in HEPES buffer with Sodium Azide as a preservative. The enzyme conjugate reagent includes 6- Acetylmorphine derivative labeled with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) in HEPES buffer with Sodium Azide as a preservative. Calibrator and controls are sold separately. Reagents are liquid, ready to use

The 6-Acetylmorphine calibrator and controls consist of a cutoff calibrator at 10ng/mL, a LOW control at 7.5ng/mL for the 10ng/mL cutoff and a HIGH control at 12.5ng/mL for the 10ng/mL cutoff.

# E. Intended Use

The Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Enzyme Immunoassay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with a cutoff of 10ng/mL. The assay is intended for use in laboratories for the qualitative analysis of 6-Acetylmorphine in human urine with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This assay is calibrated against 6- Acetylmorphine. This in-vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Enzyme Immunoassay Kit provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Controls: The Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Controls are used as control materials in Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Enzyme Immunoassay.

Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Calibrator: The Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Calibrator is used as a calibrator in the Immunalysis Urine Enzyme Immunoassay for the qualitative determination of 6-Acetylmorphine in urine on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

F. Comparison of the new device with the predicate device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylmorphine Assay K102779</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine EIA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The qualitative analysis of 6-Acetylmorphine in human urine withautomated clinical chemistryanalyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Product</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10ng/mL of 6-Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous EnzymeImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid Ready-to-Use R1 Reagentand Lyophilized R2 Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid Ready-to-Use Antibody/SubstrateReagents and Liquid Ready-to-Use EnzymeLabeled Conjugate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mass SpectroscopyConfirmation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Required for preliminary positiveanalytical results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal antibody to 6-Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant antibody to 6-Acetylmorphine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 - 8°C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Four (4) Levels (5, 10, 15 and 20ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One (1) Level (10ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two (2) Levels (7.5 and 12.5ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

G. The following laboratory performance studies were performed to determine substantial equivalence of the Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Enzyme Immunoassay to the predicate

1. Precision/Cutoff Characterization – Study was performed for 20 days, 2 runs per day in duplicate $( N = 8 0 )$ on concentration of $\pm 2 5 \%$ , $\pm50 \%$ , $\pm 7 5 \%$ , and $\pm 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff. The study verified that the cutoff serves as a boundary between a negative and positive interpretation of a qualitative result. In addition, it also verified product performance relative to the ability of the device to produce the same value during repeated measurements. The instruments used for this was Beckman Coulter AU 400e.

The following is a summary table of the Qualitative Analysis for the 10ng/mL cutoff test data results.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 1 - Qualitative Analysis (for 10ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43 Neg / 37 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

2. Specificity and Cross-Reactivity – Structurally similar compounds were spiked into drug free urine at levels that will yield a result that is equivalent to the cutoff. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e.

The qualitative result summary table for the 10ng/mL cutoff is outlined below:

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Table 2 - Structurally Related Compounds (for 10 ng/mL cutoff) - Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">325,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">285,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000035</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine 3-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine 6-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0125</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00333</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">390,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00256</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norbuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.D.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">360,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00277</td></tr></table>

3. Interference – Structurally non-similar compounds, endogenous compounds, the effect of pH and the effect of specific gravity was evaluated by spiking the potential interferent into drug free urine containing the target analyte at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e.

a. The following is a summary table of the structurally non-similar compounds for the 10ng/mL cutoff :   

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Table 3 - Structurally Non-Similar Compounds (for 1Ong/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">-25% Cutoff (7.5ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">+25% Cutoff (12.5ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Bromo-2,5,Dimethoxyphenethylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicyclic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoflurnitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S-(+) Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzylpiperazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butabarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butalbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cis-Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carisoprodol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desalkyflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dehydronorketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demoxepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delta-9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-desmethyltapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1R,2S(-)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1S,2R(+)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haloperidol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hexobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-hydroxy-delta-9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lamotrignine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+)-MDA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDEA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,0000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S(+)-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaquolone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Table 3 - Structurally Non-Similar Compounds (for 10ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">-25% Cutoff (7.5ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">+25% Cutoff (12.5ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proproxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propranolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R,R(-)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S,S(+)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ritalinic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sufentanil Citrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-9 carboxy THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoromethylphenyl-piperazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trazodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem Tartrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr></table>

b. The following is a summary table of the endogenous compounds results for the 10ng/mL cutoff:

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Table 4 - Endogenous Compounds (for 10ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">-25% Cutoff (7.5ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">+25% Cutoff (12.5ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galactose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">y-Globulin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.115 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum Albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Riboflavin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0075 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Azide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Fluoride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% W/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr></table>

c. The following is a summary table of the additional ascorbic acid and sodium chloride testing at $\pm50 \%$ of the cutoff:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 5 - Endogenous Compounds (for 10ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-50% Cutoff (5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+50% Cutoff (15ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

d. The following is a summary table of Boric Acid for the 10ng/mL cutoff results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 6 - Boric Acid (for 10ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-25% Cutoff (7.5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+25% Cutoff (12.5ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

e. The following is a summary table of the additional boric acid testing at $\pm50 \%$ of the cutoff:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 7 - Boric Acid (for 10ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-50% Cutoff (5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+50% Cutoff (15ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

f. The following is a summary table of the effect of pH results for the 10ng/mL cutoff:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 8 - Effect of pH (for 10ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-25% Cutoff (7.5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+25% Cutoff (12.5ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

g. The following is a summary table of the additional $\mathsf { p H 3 . 0 }$ testing at $\pm50 \%$ of the cutoff:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 9 - Effect of pH (for 10ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-50% Cutoff (5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+50% Cutoff (15ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

h. The following is a summary table of the effect of specific gravity results for 10ng/mL cutoff:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 10 - Effect of Specific Gravity (for 10ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-25% Cutoff (7.5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+25% Cutoff (12.5ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

i. Ascorbic acid, sodium chloride, boric acid and pH of 3 are considered interferences

4. Method Comparison – Unaltered, anonymous and discarded clinical urine samples obtained from clinical testing laboratories were analyzed with the test device. The study verified that the product performance can be verified by Mass Spectrometry. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e and an Agilent 6430 Liquid Chromatography Tandem Mass Spectrometry.

a. The following is a comparison table of qualitative assay performance for the 10ng/mL cutoff: Table 11 - Method Comparison (for 10ng/mL cutoff) - Qualitative

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LC/MSConfirmation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr></table>

b. The following is a summary table of qualitative assay performance for the 10ng/mL cutoff:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 12 - Assay Performance verified by LC/MS - 10ng/mL Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>6-Acetylmorphine Concentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 5ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 ~ 9.9 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ~ 15 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 15 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative/ Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative/ Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

5. Stability –

A closed accelerated stability study was performed on reagents, calibrator and controls at $\mathsf { \Omega } 2 5 \mathsf { \Omega } ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ to establish the initial expiration dating. The stability study supported an initial expiration date of 1 year for reagents. This stability study supported an initial expiration date of 12 months for calibrator and controls. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e. Real stability studies are ongoing.

6. Calibrator and Control Traceability – all components of the calibrator and controls have been traced to a commercially available standard solution.

7. Calibrator and Control Stability – An open accelerated stability study was performed at $\mathsf { \Omega } 2 5 \mathsf { \Omega } ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ to establish the initial open vial expiration dating. The stability study supported an initial open vial expiration date of 12 months. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e. All calibrator level(s) (10ng/mL) and control level(s) (7.5ng/mL and 12.5ng/mL) were within specifications for Day 0, 2, 8, 16, 24, 30, 32, and 40. This accelerated stability study was performed to establish initial expiration dating. Real time stability studies are ongoing.

8. Calibrator and Control Value Assignment – calibrator and controls are manufactured and are tested by mass spectrometry. If any of the analytes are out of the acceptable range, then the calibrator and control is adjusted and retested. Values are assigned to the calibrator and controls once the mass spectrometry results are within the acceptable ranges.

# H. Conclusion

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the Immunalysis 6-Acetylmorphine Urine Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its general intended use.