SIEMENS HEALTHCARE DIAGNOSTICS, INC. FRANCES DILLON   
SR. MANAGER, REGULATORY AFFAIRS   
P.O. BOX 6101, M/S 514   
NEWARK DE 19714-6101

Re: K150606 Trade/Device Name: Emit II Plus Buprenorphine Assay, Emit II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control Level 1, Emit II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control Level 2, Emit II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control Level 3, Emit II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control Level 4, Emit II Plus Specialty Drug Control Negative, Emit II Plus Specialty Drug Control Positive Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG, DLJ, LAS Dated: September 4, 2015 Received: September 8, 2015

Dear Ms. Dillon:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

Page 2—Ms. Dillon

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K150606

Device Name Emit® Ⅱ Plus Buprenorphine Assay, Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control Level 1, Emit $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II Plus Specialty Drug CC    l Level 4, Emit® Ⅱ Plus Specialty Drug Control Negative, Emit® Ⅱ Plus Specialty Drug Control Positive.

Indications for Use (Describe) Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay

Emit $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II Plus Buprenorphine Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with a $5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff. The assay is li Emi $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ II Plus assays are designed for use with a number of chemistry analyzers.

Ti control procedures.

The Emit $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II Pus Buprenorphine Assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chmialetou btaimalytil eul. Crraphy/Mas SGC/ LC/MS  prer cnaoy ehos. Ohhem ca metho vailablal positive results are used.

Emi $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control Level 1, Emit® I Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control Level 2, Emi $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control Level 3, Emit $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control Level 4

The Emit $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II Plu Specialty Drug Calibrators/Controls are used in the calibration of the Emit I Plus Buprenorphine Asay.These products mayalso be used s quality conro materials based on the Buprenorphin Assayco.

The Emit® I Plus Specialty Drug Control Negative and Control Positive are for use with the Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Te buren t oolctionoatiotiataverhours epnsel m  evistons,searh exitig da surs gaheranaitan e dat need n cpl a reviw he collection formation. Sendcomments earding thi burden stimat  y oher of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a colection of ifoatin nles t display  crentl vald MBu.

# 510(K) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K150606

1. Submitter Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. P.O. Box 6101 Newark, DE 19714

Tel: 302-631-6951   
FAX: 3023-631-6299

Contact Person: Frances Dillon Date of Preparation: October 20, 2015

# 2. Device Information

Trade Name: Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay Common Name: Buprenorphine Assay Classification Name: Opiates test system - 21CFR 862.3650 Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG – Enzyme Immunoassay, Opiates Panel: Clinical Toxicology (91)

Trade Name: Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control Level 1 Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control Level 2 Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control Level 3 Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control Level 4   
Common Name: Buprenorphine Calibrator/Control   
Classification Name: Clinical Toxicology Calibrator - 21CFR 862.3200 Clinical Toxicology Control Material - 21CFR 862.3280   
Regulatory Class: II (Calibrator) I (Control)   
Product Code: DLJ - Calibrators, Drug Specific LAS – Drug Specific Control Materials   
Panel: Clinical Toxicology (91)   
Trade Name: Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Control Negative Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Control Positive   
Common Name: Buprenorphine Negative Control and Buprenorphine Positive Control   
Classification Name: Clinical Toxicology Control material - 21CFR 862.3280   
Regulatory Class: I   
Product Code: LAS – Drug Specific Control Materials   
Panel: Clinical Toxicology (91)

# 3. Predicate Device

Assay: Calibrator: Control:

Microgenics CEDIA® Buprenorphine Assay, K040316. Microgenics CEDIA® Buprenorphine Calibrators, K040316 Microgenics CEDIA® Buprenorphine Controls, K040316

# 4. Device Description Assay

The Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with a 5 ng/mL cutoff. The assay, used for the detection of Buprenorphine in human urine, utilizes a two-reagent system. The Antibody/Substrate Reagent 1 is a liquid ready-to-use product comprised of mouse monoclonal antibodies to buprenorphine, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P), and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) in a diluent containing bovine serum albumin (BSA), preservatives and stabilizers. The Enzyme Reagent 2 is a liquid, ready-to-use product containing norbuprenorphine labeled bacterial recombinant glucose-6 phosphate dehydrogenase (rG6PDH) in a diluent containing bovine serum albumin (BSA), Hepes buffer, preservatives and stabilizers.

The assay kit consists of Reagent 1 and Reagent 2 in plastic containers and is available in three sizes: large kit (1L), small kit ( $1 1 5 ~ \mathrm { m L } ,$ , and 28 mL Emit® II Plus assays are designed for use with a number of chemistry analyzers.

The Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result.

# Calibrators / Controls

Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrators / Controls are in-vitro diagnostic products used in the calibration of the Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine assay. These products may also be used as quality control materials based on the Buprenorphine Assay cutoff. The matrix is pooled, drug-free, human urine based product containing buprenorphine, preservatives and surfactants. Each level of calibrator is packaged and sold separately, 1 plastic bottle per box, $1 0 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ in a $1 5 \mathrm { m L }$ bottle. Values are nominal and are verified with urine based buprenorphine anchor pool and adjusted if needed. The anchor pool levels are verified by LC/MS/MS and are within $10 \%$ of nominal drug concentration for levels 2.5 and $5 . 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and within $5 \%$ of nominal concentrations for levels 15 and $2 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control levels are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Targeted Buprenorphine Concentration(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr></table>

The Emit® Calibrator/Control Level 0, which contains no drug and was cleared under K993755 is used with the Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay. There are no changes to the Calibrator Level 0 product.   
Controls

Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Control Negative and Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Control Positive are in-vitro diagnostic products are for use with the Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine assay. The matrix is pooled, drug-free, human urine based product containing buprenorphine, preservatives and surfactants. The Control Negative and Control Positive are packaged separately in $1 5 \mathrm { m L }$ plastic vials with a $1 0 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ fill per vial. Values are nominal and are verified with urine based buprenorphine anchor pool and adjusted if needed. Anchor pool levels are verified by LC/MS/MS.

Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Control Negative and Control Positive levels are as follows:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specialty Drug Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Targeted Buprenorphine Concentration(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr></table>

# 5. Indications for Use

Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay

Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with a 5 ng/mL cutoff. The assay is intended for use in laboratories for the qualitative and/or semiquantitative analyses of buprenorphine in human urine. Emit® II Plus assays are designed for use with a number of chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as LC/MS or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method(s) must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS and LC/MS are the preferred confirmatory methods. Other chemical confirmation methods are available. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug-of-abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator / Control Level 1, Level 2, Level 3, and Level 4

The Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrators/Controls are used in the calibration of the Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay. These products may also be used as quality control materials based on the Buprenorphine Assay cutoff.

Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Control Negative and Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Control Positive

The Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Control Negative and Control Positive are for use with the Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay.

6. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attributes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceCEDIA® Buprenorphine Assay(K040316)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed DeviceEmit© II PlusBuprenorphine Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay for qualitative orsemi-quantitative determination ofthe presence of buprenorphine inhuman urine at a cutoffconcentration of 5 ng/mL.Preliminary analytical test result.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal antibody tobuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absorbance change measuredspectrophotometrically</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated clinical analyzerscapable of maintaining a constanttemperature, pipetting, mixingreagents, measuring enzymaticrates, and timing the reaction.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL + four (4) levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control 7 ng/mLLow Control 3 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assaymethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uses CEDIA® technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uses EMIT® technology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absorbance change measuredspectrophotometrically at 660 nm.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absorbance changemeasuredspectrophotometrically at340 nm.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReferenceMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1 and R2: Lyophilized(Reconstitution Required)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1: Liquid - Ready to useR2: Liquid - Ready to use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0, 5, 20, 50, and 75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0, 2.5, 5, 15, and 25 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Comparison of Calibrator/Control Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attributes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceCEDIA® BuprenorphineCalibrator (K040316)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed DeviceEmit® II Plus SpecialtyDrug Calibrator / Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGllowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CEDIA® Buprenorphinecalibrators are used tocalibrate the CEDIABuprenorphine Assay inhuman urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid - Ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentrations forBuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0, 5, 20, 50, and 75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5, 5, 15, and 25 ng/mL(0 ng/mL calibrator is Emit®Calibrator/Control Level 0)</td></tr></table>

Comparison of Control Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attributes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceCEDIA® BuprenorphineNegative Control andPositive Control (K040316)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed DeviceEmit® iI Plus SpecialtyDrug Control Negativeand Control Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CEDIA® Buprenorphinecontrols are used to qualifythe CEDIA® BuprenorphineAssay in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentrations forBuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control 7 ng/mLLow Control 3 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 7. Performance Data

Performance of the Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay was evaluated at Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. on a Viva- $\cdot \mathsf { E } ^ { \circledast }$ Analyzer.

# a. Precision / Cutoff Characterization

Studies were conducted using urine pools prepared by spiking Buprenorphine into drug-free human urine at 8 concentrations (levels). The concentrations tested represent the following levels relative to the 5 ng/mL cutoff: 100, $-50 \%$ , $- 4 0 \%$ , and $- 2 5 \%$ below the cutoff, at the cutoff, and $+ 2 5 \%$ , $+ 4 0 \%$ , $+50 \%$ , and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff. The drug-free human urine pool was also tested as the 0 $\mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m L }$ buprenorphine level. The studies were performed on Viva-E $\textcircled{8}$ analyzer. For each level, samples were analyzed in duplicate twice a day, for 20 days $( N = 8 0 )$ .

Precision: Qualitative Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Pool(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RepeatabilityResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-LaboratoryResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 Negative/55 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 Negative/55 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

Precision: Semi-quantitative Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Pool(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RepeatabilityResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-LaboratoryResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 Negative/55 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 Negative/55 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

An additional precision study was performed using urine pools prepared by spiking Buprenorphine into drug-free human urine at one concentration level relative to the $5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff: $- 7 5 \%$ below the cutoff and $+ 7 5 \%$ above the cutoff. The studies were performed on Viva- $E ^ { \mathcal { \circled { 8 } } }$ analyzer. The samples were analyzed in duplicate, 40 times for a total of 80 replicates over one day.

Precision: Qualitative Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Pool(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RepeatabilityResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-LaboratoryResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

Precision: Semi-Quantitative Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Pool(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RepeatabilityResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-LaboratoryResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

# b. Specificity and Cross-reactivity

Buprenorphine Metabolite Recovery - Buprenorphine and the buprenorphine metabolites norbuprenorphine, buprenorphine glucuronide and norbuprenorphine glucuronide were spiked into aliquots of drug free urine at the levels shown and run at $\mathtt { n } = 5$ replicates. The samples were assayed and the mean recovery results were determined.

# Buprenorphine and Buprenorphine Metabolite Recovery

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Semi-quantitativeResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BuprenorphineGlucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorbuprenorphineGlucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr></table>

Structurally Related Compounds - Samples were prepared by spiking drug-free human urine with individual cross-reactants to the targeted level. The samples were evaluated on the Viva- $E ^ { \circled { \otimes } }$ analyzer. All samples were tested in replicates of $\mathtt { n } = 5$ .

For qualitative analysis, cross-reactivity is reported as the level of crossreactant that produces a rate response $\geq$ the cutoff. For semi-quantitative analysis the percent cross-reactivity was calculated.

Cross-reactivity with the Structurally Related Compound   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Semi-quantitative Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc.Tested(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-QuantitativeResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-acetylcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethyl Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine 3-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine 6-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr></table>

# c. Interference

Structurally Unrelated Compounds - Interference from the structurally unrelated compounds was evaluated by spiking each compound into a 3 ng/mL and $7 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ spiked urine pool. A control (blank) was also prepared without the interferent compound. Samples were evaluated on the Viva-E® analyzer. The blank sample was run, followed by the sample containing the interfering compound. All samples were tested in replicates of $\Nu = 5$ . The mean rate and concentration were calculated for qualitative and semiquantitative analysis, respectively. The sample containing the drug was compared to the control, which contained only buprenorphine (3 or 7 ng/mL) to determine if there was a false response relative to the assay cutoff (5 $\mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m L } )$ . At the stated concentration, the samples did not give a false response relative to the $5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff.

Interference of Structurally Unrelated Compounds   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Interference(StructurallyUnrelatedCompounds)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Conc.Tested(μg/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">- 40% Cutoff (3 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">+40% Cutoff (7 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QualitativeResult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Semi-quantitativeResult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QualitativeResult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Semi-quantitativeResult</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10, 11-dihydrocarbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZT (Zidovudine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Captopril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cimetidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enalapril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glutethimide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haloperidol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxyzine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KetorolacTromethamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAAM (L-a-acetylmethadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levofloxacin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levothyroxine (L-Thyroxine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA (Ecstasy)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NAPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotinic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortryptiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">900</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinacrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">900</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ritalin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scopolamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trazodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triprolidine (zymine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr></table>

Endogenous Substances Interference - Each compound was spiked into a $- 4 0 \%$ cutoff and a $+ 4 0 \%$ cutoff which was prepared by spiking buprenorphine to aliquots of drug-free human urine. The results show that the endogenous substances, pH and sG caused no interference relative to the $5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff. Qualitative and semi-quantitative results are provided.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Interferences(EndogenousSubstances)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Conc.Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-40% Cutoff (3 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+40% Cutoff (7 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-QuantitativeResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-QuantitativeResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immuno GammaGlobulin (IgG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PotentialInterference(pH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-40% Cutoff (3 ng/mL)Qualitative  Semi-QuantitativeResult             Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+40% Cutoff (7 ng/mL)Qualitative   Semi-QuantitativeResult             Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PotentialInterference(SpecificGravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-40% Cutoff (3 ng/mL)Qualitative  Semi-QuantitativeResult             Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+40% Cutoff (7 ng/mL)Qualitative   Semi-QuantitativeResult              Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sG 1.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sG 1.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sG 1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sG 1.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sG 1.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sG 1.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sG 1.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sG 1.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# d. Recovery/Linearity

Drug free urine pools were spiked with nine concentrations of buprenorphine at levels 2-25 ng/mL and analyzed semi-quantitatively in replicates of $\mathsf { N } = 5$ on a Viva- $\mathbf { \overline { { E } } } ^ { \otimes }$ analyzer. The mean observed Buprenorphine concentration was compared to the expected Buprenorphine concentration and percent recovery calculated.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedBuprenorphineConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean BuprenorphineConcentration by Emit®II Plus BuprenorphineAssay (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6</td></tr></table>

# e. Method Comparison

Split sample method comparison was conducted with one-hundred twenty seven (127) unaltered human urine samples, which were analyzed by the Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay on a Viva- $\cdot \dot { \mathsf { E } } ^ { \circledast }$ Analyzer vs. LC/MS/MS. The results are presented below:

# Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay vs. LC/MS/MS

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LC/MS/MS</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(&lt;2.5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeWithin 50%below thecutoff (2.5-4.9 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveWithin 50%above thecutoff (5.0-7.5 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(&gt;7.5ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emit® Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emit® Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Semi-quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emit® Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emit® Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td></tr></table>

# Comparison Table for Qualitative and Semi-quantitative Assay Performance

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LC/MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Emit® II PlusBuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Result Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EmitII PlusBuprenorphine(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>LC/MS/MS</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Emit+/-</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LC/MS/MS+/-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bup(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorBup(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bup+NorBup(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>193195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>316338</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

Bup $=$ Buprenorphine; NorBup $=$ Norbuprenorphine

# f. Calibrator/Control and Cutoff Control Traceability

The Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator/Control and Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Control Negative and Control Positive are traceable to Cerilliant Buprenorphine Cat. No. B-902. When stored refrigerated at $_ { 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ the calibrators/controls are stable opened or unopened until the expiration date printed on the vial label.

# 8. Conclusion

The information provided in this premarket notification demonstrates the Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay, Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator / Control, Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Control Negative and Control Positive are substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate devices for their general intended use. Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and technological features to the commercially available predicate devices and confirmed by liquid chromatography/ tandem mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS), a reference analytical method. The information in this pre-market notification provides reasonable assurance that the Emit® II Plus Buprenorphine Assay, Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Calibrator / Control, Emit® II Plus Specialty Drug Control Negative and Control Positive demonstrate safety and effectiveness similar to the predicate devices - Microgenics CEDIA® Buprenorphine Assay, CEDIA® Buprenorphine Calibrators, and CEDIA® Buprenorphine Controls (cleared under K040316).