IMMUNALYSIS CORPORATION  
MR JOSEPH GINETE  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST II  
829 TOWNE CENTER DR  
POMONA CA 91767

Re: K151203 Trade/Device Name: Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay, Immunalysis cTHC Urine Calibrators, Immunalysis cTHC Urine Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3870 Regulation Name: Cannabinoid test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LDJ, DLJ, LAS Dated: May 4, 2015 Received: May 5, 2015

Dear Mr. Joseph Ginete:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# K151203

Device Name Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay Immunalysis cTHC Urine Control Set Immunalysis cTHC Urine Calibrators

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with a cutoff of $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is intended for use in laboratories for the qualitative and semi-quantitative analysis of Cannabinoids in human urine with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This assay is calibrated against 11-nor-9-carboxy-ǻ9-THC (cTHC). This in-vitro device is for prescription use only.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as GC-MS or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay Kit provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

Immunalysis cTHC Urine Control Set: The Immunalysis cTHC Urine Control Set is used as control materials in the Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay.

Immunalysis cTHC Urine Calibrators: The Immunalysis cTHC Urine Calibrators are used as calibrators in the Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of Cannabinoids in urine on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92(c).

A. Contact Information

1. Manufacturer: Immunalysis Corporation   
2. Contact Name: Joseph Ginete   
3. Contact Title: Regulatory Affairs Specialist II   
4. Address: 829 Towne Center Drive Pomona, CA 91767   
5. Phone: (909) 482-0840   
6. Fax: (909) 482-0850   
7. Email: jginete@immunalysis.com   
8. Summary prepared on: June 03, 2015

B. Device Information

1. Trade Name: Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay Immunalysis cTHC Urine Control Set Immunalysis cTHC Urine Calibrators   
2. Common Name: Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay Immunalysis cTHC Urine Control Set Immunalysis cTHC Urine Calibrators

3. Device Classification: II

4. Regulation Number: CFR 862.3870 Enzyme Immunoassay, Cannabinoids CFR 862.3200 Calibrator, Drug Specific CFR 862.3280 Clinical Toxicology Control Materials

5. Panel: Toxicology(91)

6. Product Code:

LDJ DLJ LAS

C. Legally Marketed Device to Which We are Claiming Equivalence (807.92(A)(3))

1. Predicate Device:

LZI Cannabinoids (cTHC) Enzyme Immunoassay

LZI Cannabinoids (cTHC) Drugs of Abuse (DAU)

Calibrators

LZI Cannabinoids (cTHC) Drugs of Abuse (DAU)

Controls

2. Predicate Company:

Lin-Zhi Internationals, Inc.

3. Predicate K Number: K110239

D. Device Description

1. The assay consists of antibody/ substrate reagent and enzyme conjugate reagent. The antibody/ substrate reagent includes monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies to Cannabinoids, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) in Tris buffer with Sodium Azide as a preservative. The enzyme conjugate reagent includes Cannabinoids derivative labeled with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) in Tris buffer with Sodium Azide as a preservative. Calibrators and controls are sold separately. Reagents are liquid, ready to use

2. All of the Immunalysis cTHC Urine Calibrators and Controls are liquid and ready to use. Each contains a known concentration of a specific drug analyte as a mixture.

The negative calibrator is a processed, drug-free synthetic urine matrix with sodium azide as a preservative. The Level 1, 2, 3 and 4 calibrators, as well as the LOW Control and HIGH Control are prepared by spiking known concentrations of 11-nor-9-carboxy- $\cdot \Delta ^ { 9 }$ -THC (cTHC) into the negative calibrator matrix. The negative calibrator, Level 1 calibrator, Level 2 calibrator, Level 3 calibrator, Level 4 calibrator and two controls are sold as individual bottles. The concentration of cTHC in their corresponding calibrators and controls are summarized as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 1 Immunalysis cTHC Urine Calibrators and Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>cTHC Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>cTHC Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOWControl 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIGHControl 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cTHC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000ng/mL37.5ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5ng/mL</td></tr></table>

E. Intended Use

1. The Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with a cutoff of $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is intended for use in laboratories for the qualitative and semi-quantitative analysis of Cannabinoids in human urine with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This assay is calibrated against cTHC. This in-vitro device is for prescription use only.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as GC-MS or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay Kit provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

2. Immunalysis cTHC Urine Control: The Immunalysis cTHC Urine Controls are used as control materials in Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay.

3. Immunalysis cTHC Urine Calibrators: The Immunalysis cTHC Urine Calibrators are used as calibrators in the Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of Cannabinoids in urine on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

F. Comparison of the new device with the predicate device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids Assay K110239</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine EIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of thepresence of Cannabinoids in humanurine at a cutoff of 25ng/mL,50ng/mL and 100ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative and semi-quantitativedetermination of the presence ofCannabinoids in human urine at a cutoff of50ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Reagents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25ng/mL, 50ng/mL and 100ng/mL ofCannabinoids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50ng/mL of Cannabinoids</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogenous Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Ready-to-Use Two ReagentAssay (R1 and R2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody/Substrate Reagents and EnzymeLabeled Conjugate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mass SpectroscopyConfirmation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Required for preliminary positiveanalytical results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Required for preliminary positiveanalytical results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse Monoclonal antibodies toCannabinoids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies toCannabinoids</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2  8°C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2  8°C until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three sets of Five (5) Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five (5) Levels (including negative)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three sets of Two (2) Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two (2) Levels</td></tr></table>

G. The following laboratory performance studies were performed to determine substantial equivalence of the Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay to the predicate

1. Precision/Cutoff Characterization – Study was performed for 20 days, 2 runs per day in duplicate $( \mathrm { N } { = } 8 0 )$ ) on concentration of $\pm 2 5 \%$ , $\pm 5 0 \%$ , $\pm 7 5 \%$ , and $\pm 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff. The study verified that the cutoff serves as a boundary between a negative and positive interpretation of a qualitative result. The instruments used for this was Beckman Coulter AU 400e.

a. The following is a summary table of the Qualitative Analysis for the $\underline { { 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L } } }$ cutoff test data results.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 2 - Qualitative Analysis (for 50ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 Negative/40 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

b. The following is a summary table of the Semi-Quantitative Analysis for the $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff test data results.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 3 - Semi-Quantitative Analysis (for 5Ong/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 Negative/42 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

2. Specificity and Cross-Reactivity – Structurally similar compounds were spiked into drug free urine at levels that will yield a result that is equivalent to the cutoffs. The study verified assay performance relative to the ability of the device to exclusively determine certain drugs. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e.

a. The qualitative result summary table for the $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff is outlined below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 4 - Structurally Related Compounds (for 50 ng/mL cutoff) - Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-9-carboxy- Δ9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) 11-Hydroxy- Δ9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor- Δ8-carboxy-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr></table>

b. The semi-quantitative result summary table for the $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff is outlined below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 5 - Structurally Related Compounds (for 50ng/mL cutoff) - Semi-Quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-9-carboxy- Δ°-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) 11-Hydroxy- Δ-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor- Δ8-carboxy-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr></table>

3. Interference – Structurally non-similar compounds, endogenous compounds, the effect of $\mathrm { p H }$ and the effect of specific gravity was evaluated by spiking the potential interferent into drug free urine containing the target analyte at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff. All potential interferents analyzed verified that assay performance is unaffected by externally ingested compounds or an internally existing physiological condition. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e.

a. The following is a summary table of the structurally non-similar compounds for the $\underline { { 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L } } }$ cutoff :   

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Table 6 - Structurally Non-Similar Compounds (for 5Ong/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">-25% Cutoff (37.5ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">+25% Cutoff (62.5ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S-(+)-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzylpiperazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Bromo-2,5,Dimethoxyphenethylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butabarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carisoprodol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Desmethyltapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Despiramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine (DPH)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine(EDDP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1R,2S(-)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1S,2R(+)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hexobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lamotrigine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol Tartrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lysergic acid diethylamide(LSD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+)-3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-methylenedioxy-N-ethyl-amphetamine (MDEA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-methylenedioxy-methamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S(+)-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaquolone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-6β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norbuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxezepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylepherine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pheytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">para-Methoxyamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(PMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propranolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protripyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R,R(-)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S,S(+)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ritalinic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicyclic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sufentanil Citrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiordazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cis-Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trazodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoromethylphenyl-piperazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr></table>

b. The following is a summary table of the endogenous compounds results for the $\underline { { 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L } } }$ cutoff:

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Table 7 - Endogenous Compounds (for 50ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">-25% Cutoff (37.5ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">+25% Cutoff (62.5ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galactose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">γ-Globulin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum Albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Riboflavin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0075 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Azide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Fluoride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr></table>

c. The following is a summary table of Boric Acid for the $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 8  Boric Acid (for 50ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-25% Cutoff (37.5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+25% Cutoff (62.5ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

d. The following is a summary table of the effect of $\mathrm { p H }$ results for the $\underline { { 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L } } }$ cutoff:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 9 - Effect of pH (for 50ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-25% Cutoff (37.5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+25% Cutoff (62.5ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

e. The following is a summary table of the effect of specific gravity results for $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 10 - Effect of Specific Gravity (for 50ng/mL cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-25% Cutoff (37.5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+25% Cutoff (62.5ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

4. Recovery – A drug free urine pool was spiked with high concentration of the target analyte as a high value specimen. Additional pools were made by serially diluting the high value specimen. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e.

a.The following is a summary table of the linearity/recovery:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 11 - Linearity/ Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.7</td></tr></table>

5. Method Comparison – Unaltered, anonymous and discarded clinical urine samples obtained from clinical testing laboratories were analyzed with the test device. The study verified that the product performance can be verified by Mass Spectrometry. The instrument used for this test was a Beckman Coulter AU 400e and an Agilent 6430 Liquid Chromatography Tandem Mass Spectrometry.

a.The following is a comparison table of qualitative assay performance for the $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff:

Table 12 - Method Comparison (for $\underline { { 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L } } }$ cutoff) - Qualitative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LC/MSConfirmation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestDevice</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr></table>

b.The following is a summary table of qualitative assay performance for the $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 13 - Assay Performance verified by LC/MS  50ng/mL Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Cannabinoids Concentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreement(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 25ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ~ 49 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ~ 75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 75 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative/ Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative/ Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

c.The following is a comparison table of semi-quantitative assay performance for the $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff:

Table 14 - Method Comparison (for $\underline { { 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L } } }$ cutoff) – Semi-Quantitative d.The following is a summary table of semi-quantitative assay performance for the $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LC/MSConfirmation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestDevice</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 15 - Assay Performance verified by LC/MS  50ng/mL Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Cannabinoids Concentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreement(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 25ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ~ 49 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ~ 75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 75 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-Quantitative/ Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-Quantitative / Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

6. Calibrator and Control Analytical Performance – Immunalysis cTHC Urine Calibrators and Controls

a. cTHC Calibrator and Control Traceability – all components of the calibrator and controls have been traced to a commercially available standard solution

b.cTHC Calibrators and Controls Stability – A closed vial stability study was performed at $2 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ to establish the initial vial expiration dating. The stability study supported an initial expiration date of 12 months. The instrument used for this test was an Agilent 1200 Series Liquid Chromatograph coupled to Agilent 6410 Tandem Mass Spectrometer. All calibrator levels (1, 2, 3, and 4) and all control levels (Low Control and High Control) for cTHC were within specifications for Day 0, 8, 16, 24, 32, and 40. This accelerated stability study was performed to establish initial expiration dating. Real time stability studies are ongoing.

c.cTHC Calibrators and Controls Stability – An open vial stability study was performed at $5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ to establish the initial open vial expiration dating. The stability study supported an initial open vial expiration date of 60 days. The instrument used for this test was an Agilent 1200 Series Liquid Chromatograph coupled to Agilent 6410 Tandem Mass Spectrometer. All calibrator levels (1, 2, 3, and 4) and all control levels (Low Control and High Control) for cTHC were within specifications for Day 0, 7, 14, 21, 30, 45 and 60. This stability study was performed to establish initial expiration dating.

d.cTHC Calibrator and Control Value Assignment – Calibrators and controls are manufactured and are tested by mass spectrometry. If any of the analytes are not of the acceptable range, then the calibrator and controls is adjusted and re-tested. Values are assigned to the calibrators and controls once the mass spectrometry results are within the acceptable ranges.

H. Conclusion

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the Immunalysis Cannabinoids Urine Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its general intended use.