ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS OPERATIONS (RDO)   
DAVID TRIBBETT   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS PRINCIPAL   
9115 HAGUE ROAD   
INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250

Re: K151578 Trade/Device Name: ONLINE TDM Carbamazepine Gen 4 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3645 Regulation Name: Neuroleptic drugs radioreceptor assay test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: KLT Dated: September 21, 2015 Received: September 22, 2015

Dear Mr. Tribbett:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

ndications for Use (Describe) n vitro test for the quantitative determination of carbamazepine in serum and plasma on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems.

Measurements obtained are used in monitoring levels of carbamazepine to help ensure appropriate therapy.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# ONLINE TDM Carbamazepine Gen. 4 510(k) Summary

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics Operations (RDO)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9115 Hague RoadIndianapolis, IN, 46250, USA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>David TribbettPhone: (317)-521-2964FAX: (317)-521-2324Email: david.tribbett@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>October 22, 2015</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ONLINE TDM Carbamazepine Gen. 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme immunoassay, Carbamazepine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neuroleptic drugs radioreceptor assay test system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KLT, 21 CFR § 862.3645</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ONLINE TDM Carbamazepine, K031902</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1823260, Roche Diagnostics Corporation</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The ONLINE TDM Carbamazepine Gen. 4 assay is for the quantitative determination of carbamazepine in human serum or plasma on automated clinical chemistry analyzers. It is a homogeneous microparticle agglutination immunoassay based on the kinetic interaction of microparticles in solution (KIMS). Biotinylated drug hapten serves as the binding partner to anticarbamazepine antibody and streptavidin coated latex beads. A competitive reaction to a limited amount of specific anti-carbamazepine antibody takes place between the hapten and free carbamazepine in the sample. A decrease in the apparent signal produced by the microparticle agglutination is proportional to the amount of drug present in the sample.

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

In vitro test for the quantitative determination of carbamazepine in serum and plasma on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems.

Measurements obtained are used in monitoring levels of carbamazepine to help ensure appropriate therapy.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The ONLINE TDM Carbamazepine Gen. 4 assay is a homogeneous microparticle agglutination immunoassay.

It is a two-reagent system used for the detection of carbamazepine in serum. Kinetic interaction of microparticles in solution (KIMS) will be measured using automated analyzers. In this technology biotinylated drug hapten attached to streptavidin coated latex beads serves as the binding partner to anti-carbamazepine antibody. A competitive reaction to a limited amount of specific anti-carbamazepine antibody takes place between the latex bound hapten and free carbamazepine in the serum sample. A decrease in the apparent signal is proportional to the amount of drug present in the sample.

Reagents - working solutions which are ready for use, are packaged in a cassette labeled with their instrument positioning B (Reagent 1) and C (Reagent 2).

• R1, Anti-carbamazepine antibody (sheep monoclonal); MESa) buffer, $\mathsf { p H } 6 . 4$ ; preservative   
• R2, Carbamazepine biotinylated hapten; streptavidin coated latex microparticles: 0.1 $\%$ ; HEPESb) buffer, $\mathsf { p H } 7 . 4$ ; preservative a. 2‑(N‑Morpholino) ethanesulfonic acid b. N‑(2‑Hydroxyethyl)piperazine-N’‑(2‑ethanesulfonic acid)

The following table compares the similarities and differences of the candidate device to the predicate device.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence – Assay Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Assay Comparison Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:ONLINE TDM Carbamazepine (K031902)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:ONLINE TDM Carbamazepine Gen. 4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ONLINE TDM Carbamazepine assay isfor the quantitative determination ofcarbamazepine in human serum or plasmaon automated clinical chemistry analyzers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro test for the quantitativedetermination of carbamazepine in serumand plasma on Roche/Hitachi cobas csystems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum: Collect serum using standardsampling tubes.Plasma: Potassium EDTA, sodium orlithium heparin plasma.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum: Collect serum using standardsampling tubes.Plasma: K2- and K3-EDTA, sodium orlithium heparin plasma.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous microparticleagglutination immunoassay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Shelf LifeStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 °C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 °C until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent On-BoardStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 days opened and refrigerated on theanalyzer. Do not freeze.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board in use and refrigerated on theanalyzer: 4 weeks</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2-20 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-20 μg/mL (8.5-85 µmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This method has been standardized againstUSP reference standards.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COBAS-FP Carbamazebine Calibrator,CAL A-F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preciset TDM I, calibrators B-F(Previously cleared 510(k): K031856)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrationfrequency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After reagent cassette change, after reagentlot change and as required following qualitycontrol procedures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After reagent lot change and as requiredfollowing quality control procedures</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TDM Control Set, levels I, II and III</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lower Limits ofMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lower Detection Limit = 0.2 µg/mL(0.81 μmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoB = 0.3 µg/mL (1.3 µmol/L)LoD = 0.5 µg/mL (2.1 µmol/L)LoQ = 1.4 µg/mL (5.9 µmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ONLINE TDM Carbamazepine assay isa homogeneous microparticle agglutinationimmunoassay. It is a two-reagent systemused for the detection ofcarbamazepine in serum. Kinetic interactionof microparticles in solution (KIMS) will bemeasured using RD/Hitachi families ofautomated analyzers. In this technologyblotinylated drug hapten serves as thebinding partner to 1) anti-carbamazepineantibody and 2) streptavidin coated latexbeads. A competitive reaction to a limitedamount of specific anti-carbamazepineantibody takes place between the haptenand free carbamazepine in the serumsample. A decrease in the apparent signalis proportional to the amount of drugpresent in the sample.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ONLINE TDM Carbamazepine Gen. 4assay is a homogeneous microparticleagglutination immunoassay. It is a two-reagent system used for the detection ofcarbamazepine in serum. Kineticinteraction of microparticles (KIMS) will bemeasured using automated analyzers. Inthis technology biotinylated drug haptenattached to streptavidin coated latexbeads serves as the binding partner toanti-carbamazepine antibody. Acompetitive reaction to a limited amount ofspecific anti-carbamazepine antibodytakes place between the latex boundhapten and free carbamazepine in theserum sample. A decrease in the apparentsignal is proportional to the amount ofdrug present in the sample.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R1 Conjugate Reagent/BufferCarbamazepine biotinylated hapten;2-(N-Morpholino) ethanesulfonic acid (MES)buffer, pH 6.4; preservative; surfactantR2 Latex-Antibody Reagent/BufferAnti-carbamazepine antibody (mousemonoclonal); streptavidin coated latexmicroparticles: 0.08%; N-(2-Hydroxyethyl)piperazine•N'-(2-ethanesulfonlc acid)(HEPES) buffer, pH 7.5; preservative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R1 Anti-carbamazepine antibody (sheepmonoclonal); MESa) buffer, pH 6.4;preservativeR2 Carbamazepine biotinylated hapten;streptavidin coated latex microparticles:0.1 %; HEPESb) buffer, pH 7.4;preservative</td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination:

Detection Limit: LoB, LoD and LoQ according to CLSI EP17-A2   
Precision according to CLSI EP5-A2   
Linearity according to CLSI EP6-A   
Matrix Comparison - Anticoagulants   
Interferences - H, L and I Indices   
Interference - Drugs   
Method Comparison to Predicate

# 4.1. Detection Limit

LoB, LoD, and LoQ studies were performed based upon CLSI EP17-A2.

LoB:

The diluent is measured with 10-fold determinations per run on one instrument. Six runs distributed over 3 days are performed. Data analysis will be based on determination of the 95th percentile of the 60 measured values.

LoD:

The 5 samples with low analyte content spiked with Carbamazepine (with concentrations ranging from LoB to approx. 4 times specified LoB) are measured with 2-fold determination per run. Six runs distributed over 3 days are performed.

LoD is defined as the concentration, at which there is a $9 5 \%$ probability that a sample contains analyte.

LoQ is the lowest amount of analyte in a sample that can be detected quantitatively within specified precision and accuracy ranges.

Nine samples are prepared which cover the concentration range between LoB and 2x LoQ. Those samples are tested in two aliquots over at least three days on one analyzer, 2 runs per day for 3 lots.

Expected or target value is determined with LC/MS.

Table 2: LoB, LoD, and LoQ Experimental Determination   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Representative Result (μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claimed in labeling (μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Blank (LoB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection (LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr></table>

# 4.1. Precision according to CLSI EP5-A

Two runs per day for $\geq 2 1$ days on the same analyzer. Repeatability (within run precision) and intermediate precision (within lab precision) is calculated. The samples have to be randomized in each run separately.

The data set has to be complete for the 21 days.

Table 3: Repeatability Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TDM Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TDM Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TDM Control 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr></table>

Table 4: Intermediate Precision Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TDM Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TDM Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TDM Control 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr></table>

# 4.2. Linearity according to CLSI EP6-A

A dilution series was prepared from a human serum sample pool and diluent (Analyte-free serum). The dilution series are prepared to obtain eleven levels (including the high concentration pool and diluent). The diluted samples shall span the measuring range including a sample at the lower end of the measuring range, a sample over the measuring range and samples at the medical decision points. The process was repeated for plasma samples.

The calculation is according to the CLSI guideline EP6-A. All measurement data of the dilution steps are calculated by regression.

Table 5: Linearity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression Equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claimed Measuring Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.000x - 0.0Pearson correlation coefficient (R) = 0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 to 20.0 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K2-EDTA, Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y =1.013x - 0.195Pearson correlation coefficient (R) = 0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 to 20.0 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# 4.3. Matrix Comparison - Anticoagulants

Each pair of serum and plasma of a single donor are spiked with carbamazepine. Included in the data are 33 full tubes as described below.

A matrix comparison is executed by taking the serum as reference. Only samples within the limit of icteric, lipemic and hemolytic interference are allowed to be used. Samples cover the measuring range.

The following matrix comparisons are provided:

Gel separation tubes K2-EDTA plasma vs serum K3-EDTA plasma vs serum Li-Heparin plasma vs serum Na-Heparin plasma vs serum

Table 6: Matrix Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum vs. Serum Gel Separation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.01x + 0.177, r = 0.989</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum vs. Li-heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.01x -0.290, r = 0.991</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum vs. Na-heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.02x -0.382, r = 0.990</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum vs. K2-EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.02x -0.059, r = 0.988</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum vs. K3-EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.993x + 0.147, r = 0.994</td></tr></table>

# 4.4. Interferences - H, L and I Indices

The effect on quantitation of analyte in the presence of endogenous interfering substances is determined at two carbamazepine concentrations and a dilution set of the added interfering substances. The following lists the potential interfering substances evaluated and the highest concentration which was shown to not interfere with the assay:

Hemolysis: up to an H index of 1000 (approximate hemoglobin concentration $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ )

Icterus/Bilirubin: up to an I index of 50 (approximate bilirubin concentration $5 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ )

Lipemia: up to an L index of 2000 (approximate triglyceride concentration up to $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$

Cholesterol: up to $6 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Rheumatoid Factor: up to 1200 IU/mL

Total Protein: up to $1 3 \ \mathrm { g / d L }$

Test procedure:

High concentrated stock solutions of the interference substances are prepared in a suitable solvent. Two human sample pools are spiked with the defined carbamazepine concentrations and each divided into two aliquots. The potential interfering substance is added to one aliquot of each pool, while the other aliquot is mixed with the same amount of solvent without the interfering substance. A dilution series is prepared with at least 10 dilution steps for each interferent by mixing the two aliquots.

The parts containing the interfering substance have the same carbamazepine concentrations as the aliquots containing no interfering substance. When diluting those two aliquots, the carbamazepine concentration remains constant while the concentration of interferent varies. Thus, the effect of increasing concentrations of interferent can be determined.

Median of the measured results is compared to the expected result (aliquot with no interfering substance) and the recovery is determined (paired difference testing).

This procedure is repeated for each of the interfering substances.

# 4.5. Interferences – Drugs

Sixteen commonly used drugs were examined for potential interference on measurement with ONLINE TDM Carbamazepine Gen. 4.

Two human sample pools spiked with the defined carbamazepine concentrations are divided into two aliquots. One aliquot of each concentration is used as the reference sample for carbamazepine concentration and is not spiked with the drugs but the solvent for the drug.

ONLINE TDM Carbamazepine Gen. 4

The other aliquots, with either the high or low carbamazepine concentration, are spiked with the respective amount of drug. The carbamazepine concentration of the spiked aliquots is determined in triplicate and compared to the carbamazepine concentration determined for the reference aliquot.

The defined pharmaceutical compounds are spiked into samples with concentrations according to EP7-A2 or higher concentrations. The mean values are calculated as well as the $\%$ deviations from the interference samples compared to the reference sample (paired difference testing).

Table 7: Common Drug Interferences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Concentration ShownNot to Interfere withCarbamazepine (drugconcentrations in (mg/L))</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1660</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin-Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycyclin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophyllin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# 4.6. Cross-reactivity

The following compounds were tested for cross-reactivity at low $( 3 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ and high $( 1 2 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ carbamazepine concentration:

Table 8: Cross-reactivity Testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationtested(μg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Crossreactivity at 3μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Crossreactivity at 12μg/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine-10,11-epoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.6 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxcarbazepine (Oxc)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-Hydroxycarbamaze-pine (MHD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitryptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenothiazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenytoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mephenytoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-Phenyl-2-ethylmalonamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethotoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valproic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethosuximide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gluthethimide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methosuximide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-Hydroxypheno-barbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-(p-Hydroxyphenyl)-phenylhydantoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primidone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Probenecid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# 4.7. Method Comparison to Predicate

One hundred single native human samples of patients taking carbamazepine covering the reportable range are tested.

The samples are tested in singlicate on the candidate and predicate device (cobas c 501).   
The data was evaluated using Deming Regression analysis.

$\mathrm { y } = 0 . 9 9 4 \mathrm { x } \cdot 0 . 0 5 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ r = 0.993

# 5. CONCLUSIONS

The submitted information in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision.