HEALGEN SCIENTIFIC LLC C/O JOE SHIA BUSINESS DIRECTOR 504 EAST DIAMOND AVE. SUITE I GAITHERSBURG MD 20877

Re: K151642 Trade/Device Name: Healgen Multi-drug Urine Test Cup, Healgen Multi-drug Urine Test Dip Card Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3170 Regulation Name: Benzodiazepine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DKZ, JXM, DIO, LDJ, DJG, LAF, DIS, LCM, DJR Dated: July 10, 2015 Received: July 14, 2015

Dear Mr. Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k151642

Device Name Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card

Indications for Use (Describe) Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Phencyclidine and Methadone in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

Drug(Identifier)   
Amphetamine   
Oxazepam   
Cocaine   
Cannabinoids   
Methamphetamine   
Morphine   
Oxycodone   
Secobarbital   
Buprenorphine   
Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine   
Phencyclidine   
Methadone

Cut-off level   
1000 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
50 ng/mL   
1000 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL or 2000 ng/mL   
100 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
10 ng/mL   
500 ng/mL   
25 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL

Configuration of the Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Secobarbital and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

1. Date:

June 9, 2015

2. Submitter:

HEALGEN SCIENTIFIC LLC   
5213 Maple St   
Bellaire, TX77401

3. Contact person:

Jianqiu Fang   
HEALGEN SCIENTIFIC LLC   
5213 Maple St   
Bellaire, TX77401   
Telephone: 713-733-8088   
Fax: 713-733-8088   
Email: bryan@healgen.com

4. Device Name:

Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card

Classification: Class II   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DKZAmphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3100, Amphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LDJCannabinoids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3870, Cannabinoids Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DIOCocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3250, Cocaine and Cocaine MetabolitesTest System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">s Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAFMethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3610, Methamphetamine TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJGMorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3650, Opiate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JXMOxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3170, Benzodiazepine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJGOxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3650, Opiate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DISSecobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3150, Barbiturate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJGBuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3650, Opiate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAFMethylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3610, Methamphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCMPhencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme Immunoassay Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJRMethadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3620, Methadone Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr></table>

5. Description of the device:

Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test DipCard are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine and Methadone in human urine samples. Healgen Multi-Drug devices detect each of analytes on different strips. A positive urine sample will not generate a colored-line for the specific drug tested in the designated region. A negative urine specimen or a urine sample containing Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine and Methadone at the concentration below the designated cutoff levels will generate a colored line in the designated test region for the drug. To serve as a test control, a color line will always appear at the control region.

6. Predicate Devices:

K142280; Healgen Oxazepam and Morphine Tests (Strip, Cassette, Dip Card, Cup) K143187; Healgen Amphetamine and Oxycodone Tests (Strip, Cassette, Dip Card, Cup) K141647; Healgen Cocaine and Morphine Tests (Strip, Cassette, Dip Card, Cup) K140546; Healgen Marijuana and Methamphetamine Tests (Strip, Cassette, Dip Card, Cup) K150791; Healgen Secobarbital, Buprenorphine and Methadone Tests (Strip, Cassette, Cup, Dip Card) K150096; Healgen Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine and Phencyclidine Tests (Strip, Cassette, Dip Card, Cup)

7. Intended Use / Indications for Use Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine and Methadone in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug(Identifier)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine(AMP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam (OXA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine (COC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine (MOR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300ng/mL or 2000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone (MTD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Secobarbital and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

8. Substantial Equivalence Information Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card are a modified product format derived from the previously FDA-cleared Healgen single DOA Tests. A summary comparison of features of the Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card and the predicate devices is provided in the following Table

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>New Devices</td><td>Predicate devices (K142280, K143187, K141647, K140546, K150791, K150096)</td></tr><tr><td>Indication(s) for use For the qualitative determination of</td><td>Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine and Methadone in human urine. The configurations of the New Devices are available in any combination of the above tests.</td><td>For the qualitative determination of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine and Methadone in human urine.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The configurations of the Predicatedevices are only available in singledrug test.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based on theprinciple of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type Of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoassay principles that rely onantigen- antibody interactions to indicatepositive or negative result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut Off Values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine (AMP): 1,000 ng/mlOxazepam (OXA):300 ng/mlCocaine(COC): 300 ng/mlCannabinoids (THC):50 ng/mlMethamphetamine (MET): 1,000 ng/mlMorphine (MOR): 300ng/mL or 2000 ng/mlOxycodone(OXY) : 100 ng/mlSecobarbital (BAR): 300 ng/mlBuprenorphine (BUP): 10 ng/mlMethylenedioxy-methamphetamine(MDMA):500 ng/mlPhencyclidine (PCP): 25 ng/mlMethadone (MTD): 300 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup, Dip Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OTC Use &amp; Prescription Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup is a multi-drug test that offers any combination from 2 to 12 drugs of abuse tests while the predicate devices are single-drug test. And the Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card is the same as the test dip card format of the predicate devices except that the Healgen MultiDrug Urine Test Dip Card is a multi-drug test that offers any combination from 2 to 12 drugs of abuse tests while the predicate devices are single-drug test.

# 9. Conclusion

Verification studies were conducted in support of the modification to have a multi-drug test cup and test card test, including interference studies and a lay-user study. Based on the test principle and acceptable

performance characteristics, it’s concluded that the Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup, and Healgen Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card are substantially equivalent to the predicates.