Re: k152232 Trade/Device Name: Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3250 Regulation Name: Cocaine and cocaine metabolite test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DIO Dated: November 14, 2016 Received: November 15, 2016

Dear Ms. Christo:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k152232

Device Name Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine)

Indications for Use (Describe)

Intended Use

The Quest Diagnostics Hair Check-DT (Cocaine) test system utilizes an Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA) for the qualitative detection of cocaine in head hair samples through the measurement of cocaine and cocaine metabolites for concentrations at or above $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair. This test system has not been evaluated for use with hair specimens from locations other than the head. It is an in vitro diagnostic device intended exclusively for in-house professional use and is not intended for sale to anyone.

The Hair Check-DT (Cocaine) test system was evaluated in two distinct study populations; individuals known to be chronic drug abusers, and individuals proclaiming to be drug-free.

The Quest Diagnostics Hair Check-DT (Cocaine) test system provides only a preliminary analytical test result. To confirm a presumptive screen positive result, a more specific alternate chemical method, such as gas chromatography - mass spectrometry (GC/MS) must be used. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are obtained.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 1.0 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Applicant</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Quest Diagnostics Incorporated10101 Renner Blvd.Lenexa, KS 66219-9275USA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Prepared</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">11/17/2016</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Primary Contact</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Lisa Christo</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tel 913-577-1784</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lisa.x.Christo@questdiagnostics.com</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">AlternateContact</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R. H. Barry Sample, Ph.D.</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tel 770-800-9870</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barry.x.Sample@questdiagnostics.com</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProprietaryName</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Generic Name</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Enzyme Immunoassay, Cocaine And Cocaine Metabolites</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">US Product Code</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">DIO - Enzyme Immunoassay, Cocaine and Cocaine Metabolites</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">US RegulationNumber</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">862.3250</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">United States</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLIAComplexity</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">High</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecialInstrumentRequirements</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">The device is for use with an automated microplate reader capable of measuring at 450 and 620 nm.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenCollection</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Head Hair</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) (K023626)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReferenceMethod</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Presumptive positives are confirmed with Quantitative GC-MS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceDescription</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">The Quest Diagnostics Hair Check-DT (Cocaine) test system utilizes an Enzyme LinkedImmunosorbent Assay (LISA) for the qualitative detection of cocaine in head hair samples throughthe measurement of cocaine and cocaine metabolites for concentrations at or above 300 pg/mg hair.This test system has not been evaluated for use with hair specimens from locations other than thehead. It is an in vitro diagnostic device intended exclusively or in-house professional use and is notintended for sale to anyone.The ELISA Cocaine Kit is based on the competition for a limited number of antibody sites byunlabeled cocaine/cocaine metabolites and enzyme-labeled drug. The two will bind to the antibody inproportion to their concentration in solution.Once accessioned in the lab, the aluminum foil is opened and the specimen is cut at approximaCom3.9 cm from the root end. This specimen is cut into smaller lengths and mixed to enand thhomogeneity.Ten milligrams of the specimen is weighed out and placed into a properly labeled testtube. The specimen is then washed with methanol, decanted, and then placed in hot methanol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">containing 0.5% (v/v) trifluoroacetic acid for one hour forty-five minutes. The extracted methanolsolution is then transferred to a new tube and evaporated under nitrogen. The tubes arereconstituted with phosphate buffer and assayed using the Cocaine ELISA Kit. This kit is a solid-phase microtiter plate immunoassay in which the microwells are coated with a high affinity captureantibody to cocaine. A hair sample extract is added to the well, followed by the horseradishperoxidase (HRP) enzyme conjugate.During this initial phase, the enzyme conjugate competes withthe analyte in the sample for binding sites on the antibody-coated microwells. A wash solution(Tween-20 in phosphate buffered saline solution) is then applied to remove any unbound materialssuch as excess conjugate and residual sample. Enzyme substrate solution containing 3, 3', 5, 5'-tetramethylbenzidine (B) is then added for the final color development process. The reaction isstopped with 1N sulfuric acid and the absorbance is read at 450 nm, with a reference wavelength of60 nm, using a plate reader. Color intensity is inversely proportional to the amount of analytepresent in the sample. Therefore, samples that contain drug or analyte will inhibit binding of theenzyme conjugate to the antibody, resulting in lttle substrate binding and less color developmentthan in the negative calibrator. For the screening assay an absorbance less than or equal to theabsorbance of the 300 pg cocaine/mg hair cutoff calibrator is indicative of the presence ofcocaine/cocaine metabolites.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceBackground</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine is one of the most potent of the naturally occurring central nervous system stimulants. Thecompound is found in the leaves of Erythroxylon coca, a South American shrub, in amounts of up to2% by weight.It was first isolated in pure form in 1855, and has been widely utilized in medicineas a local anesthetic and increasingly by drug abusers for its stimulant properes.For aneseicuses, cocaine is administered topically as the hydrochloride in 1-4% solutions for ophthalmologicprocedures and in 10-20% solutions for the membranes of the nose and throat. When self-administered, it is commonly taken as the hydrochloride by nasal insufflation or intravenousinjection or as the free base by smoking in doses of 10-120 mg.1C sthe primary analefoun nhaercocaie gestin i spit tvyshorthaliein plasma. The major blood and urine metabolite, benzoylecgonine, whose concentration in plasmafar exceeds cocaine's, is present in hair at relatively lower concentrations. Additionally, the cocainemetabolite cocaethylene (ethylbenzoylecgonine) may be found in hair.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) test system utilizes an Enzyme LinkedImmunosorbent Assay (ELISA) for the qualitative detection of cocaine in head hair samples throughthe measurement of cocaine and cocaine metabolites for concentrations at or above 300 pg/mg hair.This test system has not been evaluated for use with hair specimens from locations other than thehead. It is an in vitro diagnostic device intended exclusively or in-house professional use and is notintended for sale to anyone.The HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) test system was evaluated in two distinct study populations; individualsknown to be chronic drug abusers, and individuals proclaiming to be drug-free.The Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) test system provides only a preliminary analytical testresult.To confirm a presumptive screen positive result, a more speciic alternate chemical method,such as gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography-Tandem MassSpectrometry (LC-MS/MS), must be used. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should beapplied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are obtained.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">See Intended Use Statement</td></tr><tr><td>Studies</td><td>Precision/Reproducibility Cross reactivity (Structurally related compounds) Interferences (Unrelated compounds)</td></tr></table>

# 2.0 Classification and Regulatory Status

# 2.1 U.S. Classification

Class II

# 3.0 Intended Use and Indications

# 3.1 Intended Use – Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine)

The Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) test system utilizes an Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA) for the qualitative detection of cocaine in head hair samples through the measurement of cocaine and cocaine metabolites for concentrations at or above 300 $\mathsf { p } \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { m } \mathsf { g }$ hair. This test system has not been evaluated for use with hair specimens from locations other than the head. It is an in vitro diagnostic device intended exclusively for in-house professional use and is not intended for sale to anyone.

The HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) test system was evaluated in two distinct study populations;   
individuals known to be chronic drug abusers, and individuals proclaiming to be drug-free.

The Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) test system provides only a preliminary analytical test result. To confirm a presumptive screen positive result, a more specific alternate chemical method, such as gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid ChromatographyTandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS), must be used. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are obtained.

# 3.2 Indications

See Intended Use Above

# 3.3 Reactivity and Corresponding Follow-up

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Reactivity and Corresponding Follow-up</td></tr><tr><td>Result</td><td>Follow-up</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine Detected/Not detected</td><td>The Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) ELISA provides only a preliminary result. To obtain confirmed analytical results a more specific alternate method, such as gas chromatography/-mass spectrometry (GC/-MS) or Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC/-MS/MS), must be used. Clinical consideration and professional judgment must be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly in evaluating a preliminary positive result. A positive test result does not always mean a person took illegal drugs and a negative test result does not always mean a person did not take illegal drugs. There are a number of factors that influence the reliability of drug tests.</td></tr><tr><td>Invalid Result</td><td>Repeat testing with a newly prepared sample.</td></tr></table>

# 3.4 Major Risks and Benefits vs. Result

There are no major risks. The Quest Diagnostics Hair Check-DT (Cocaine) test system is a screening test for the presence of Cocaine and all presumptively positive specimens should be tested with a more specific alternate chemical method, such as gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS), to obtain a confirmed result.

# 3.5 Device Description

The Quest Diagnostics Hair Check-DT (Cocaine) test system utilizes an Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA) for the qualitative detection of cocaine in head hair samples through the measurement of cocaine and cocaine metabolites for concentrations at or above $3 0 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m g }$ hair. This test system has not been evaluated for use with hair specimens from locations other than the head. It is an in vitro diagnostic device intended exclusively for in-house professional use and is not intended for sale to anyone.

The test consists of two parts; a pre-analytical hair treatment procedure (to convert the solid matrix of hair to a measurable liquid matrix) and the screening assay.

The ELISA screening assay consists of micro strip plates coated with mouse anti-Cocaine monoclonal antibody, enzyme concentrate conjugate (horseradish peroxidase conjugated to cocaine), enzyme diluent, substrate containing tetramethylbenzidine (TMB), concentrated wash solution, acid stop solution containing 1 N ${ \sf H } _ { 2 } { \sf S } { \sf O } _ { 4 }$ .

# Pre-Analytical:

A sample of hair (approximately 120 strands) should be cut as close as possible to the scalp, preferably from the back of the head at the crown (vertex). This kit has not been evaluated for other types of hair. The amount of hair collected in this manner is such that a $3 . 9 \mathsf { c m }$ long sample should weigh approximately $1 0 0 - 1 2 0 ~ \mathrm { m g }$ . The hair is placed in the V-shaped aluminum foil, ensuring that the root ends are aligned with the pointed end of the foil. The aluminum foil is pinched tightly around the length of hair (DO NOT BEND IN HALF). The foil is placed in a sample acquisition card, root end left towards the arrow. The card is then sealed lengthwise with the box seal. The card is placed in the Toxicology Specimen Baggie and sealed. Keep hair specimens at ambient temperature until they are shipped, without refrigeration, to the laboratory. No special handling is needed.

Unknown specimens are prepared by weighing out ten (10) milligrams of the hair that has been cut into a fine mince $0 . 2 \cdot 0 . 5 \ \mathsf { c m } _ { , }$ ) and placing it into a properly labeled test tube. Wash specimens: add $2 \mathsf { m l }$ of methanol to each specimen and let stand for 5 minutes at room temperature. Swirl and discard the methanol with a disposable pipette. Take care not to aspirate any hair into the pipette. Extract specimens: Add $3 \ \mathsf { m L }$ of acidified methanol $0 . 5 \%$ (v/v) Trifluoroacetic acid (TFA) in methanol) and place in heated water bath $( 6 2 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ for 1 hour 45 minutes. Remove the samples from the water bath and transfer them to a heated sonicator set at $5 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . Sonicate the samples for 15 minutes. Dry the specimens: Transfer the methanol solution to a new tube and evaporate until dry under nitrogen. Reconstitute dried specimens with $0 . 0 2 5 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ of acetonitrile and $0 . 3 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ of phosphate buffer and vortex.

# Test Principle:

The ELISA Cocaine Kit is based on the competition for a limited number of antibody sites by unlabeled cocaine/cocaine metabolites and enzyme-labeled drug. The two will bind to the antibody in proportion to their concentration in solution.

Once accessioned in the lab the aluminum foil is opened and the specimen is cut at approximately $3 . 9 \ \mathsf { c m }$ from the root end. This specimen is cut into smaller lengths and mixed to ensure homogeneity. Ten (10) milligrams of the specimen is weighed out and placed into a properly labeled test tube. The specimen is then washed with methanol, decanted, and then placed in hot methanol for two hours. The methanol is then transferred to a new tube and evaporated under nitrogen. The tubes are reconstituted with phosphate buffer and assayed using the ELISA Cocaine Kit. This kit is a solid-phase microtiter plate immunoassay in which the microwells are coated with a high affinity capture antibody to cocaine. A hair sample extract is added to the well, followed by the horseradish peroxidase (HRP) enzyme conjugate. During this initial phase, the enzyme conjugate competes with the analyte in the sample for binding sites on the antibody-coated microwells. A wash solution (Tween-20 in phosphate buffered saline solution) is then applied to remove any unbound materials such as excess conjugate and residual sample. Enzyme substrate solution containing $_ { 3 , 3 ^ { \prime } , ~ 5 , 5 ^ { \prime } - }$ tetramethylbenzidine (TMB) is then added for the final color development process. The reaction is stopped with 1N sulfuric acid and the absorbance is read at $4 5 0 \ \mathsf { n m }$ with a reference wavelength of

$6 2 0 \ \mathsf { n m }$ using a plate reader. Color intensity is inversely proportional to the amount of analyte present in the sample. Therefore, samples that contain drug or analyte will inhibit binding of the enzyme conjugate to the antibody, resulting in little substrate binding and less color development than in the negative calibrator. For the screening assay an absorbance less than or equal to the absorbance of the 300 pg cocaine/mg hair cut-off calibrator is indicative of the presence of cocaine/cocaine metabolites.

# 3.6 Kit Components

Each kit Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) contains enough reagents to make 4,800 determinations

# Reagents

$5 0 \times 9 6$ well micro strip plates $( 1 2 \times 8 )$ , coated with mouse anti-Cocaine monoclonal antibody.

$2 \times 4 ~ { \mathsf { m L } }$ of enzyme concentrate conjugate (horseradish peroxidase conjugated to cocaine) in a proprietary buffer containing stabilizing agents and thimerosal.

$2 \times 4 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ of enzyme diluent as a proprietary buffer containing stabilizing agents and thimerosal.

$1 \times 5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ of substrate containing tetramethylbenzidine (TMB) and hydrogen peroxide in a citrate buffer containing stabilizers.

$1 \times 1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { m L } }$ of concentrated wash solution with surfactants and thimerosal as a preservative; Dilute 1:10 with deionized water prior to use.

$1 \times 5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ of acid stop solution containing 1 N ${ \sf H } _ { 2 } { \sf S } { \sf O } _ { 4 }$

# Calibrators and Controls for Screening Assay:

100mL of 1X HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) Negative Control containing 0 pg cocaine/mg hair (No need to dilute, provided at working concentration)

5mL of 40X HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) Low Control containing 6,000 pg cocaine/mg hair (Dilute 1:40 with Negative Control to reach 1X Low Control working concentration of 150 pg cocaine/mg hair)

5mL of 40X HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) Cutoff Calibrator containing 12,000 pg cocaine/mg hair (Dilute 1:40 with Negative Control to reach 1X calibrator working concentration of 300 pg cocaine/mg hair)

5mL of 40X HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) High Control containing 18,000 pg cocaine/mg hair (Dilute 1:40 with Negative Control to reach 1X High Control working concentration of 450 pg cocaine/mg hair)

40X Calibrator and Control solutions are prepared from Cerilliant C-008, $1 . 0 \ m g / \mathrm { m L }$ Cocaine in Acetonitrile Certified Reference Material. Calibrator and Control solutions are prepared by diluting commercial reference materials with water and methanol to achieve the target drug concentration; they are prepared in a similar manner however the Calibrator is made from different reference stock material than the Controls and are prepared at different concentrations. The shelf life of these solutions is 1 year at $\mathsf { - 2 0 ^ { o } C }$ .

# Predicate Device Information

# 3.7 Comparison to Predicate

# Similarities

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine)(K152232)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine)(K023626) September 29, 2003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Head Hair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Head Hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Collection Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 pg cocaine/mg hair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 pg cocaine/mg hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 pg cocaine/mg hair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 pg cocaine/mg hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompetitiveEnzyme-conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRP - Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRP - Cocaine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLIA Complexity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TMB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TMB</td></tr></table>

# Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Difference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT(Cocaine) (K152232)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previously Cleared 510K Device (K023626)September 29, 2003)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse anti-Cocaine monoclonal antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit anti-Cocaine polyclonal antibody</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acidified Methanol (0.5% Trifluoroaceticacid) (TFA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methanol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control modified to 450 pg/mgequivalent concentration in Hair or +50% ofcutoff concentration.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control - 600 pg/mg equivalentconcentration in Hair or +100% of cutoffconcentration.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Preparation modified to 10 mg ofHair used for extraction then reconstitutedwith 0.3 mL phosphate buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Preparation 20 mg of Hair used forextraction then reconstituted with 0.6 mLphosphate buffer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementWavelength</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay absorbance measured at 450 nm witha reference wavelength of 620 nm.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay absorbance was measured at 450 nm with areference wavelength of 630 nm.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KitConfiguration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Configuration modified to = 50microplate kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Configuration = 5 microplate kit</td></tr></table>

# 4.0 Studies

# 4.1 Precision Studies/Cutoff Characterization

# Precision

Precision/Reproducibility aliquots were tested in quintuplicate (i.e. 5-replicates) on each of ten (10) different days using the Quest Diagnostics Cocaine specific ELISA kit (Lot # EVAL1). The same nine (9) samples/levels were analyzed in replicates of five (5) over the course of ten (10) days, alternating the order of the levels on the microplates each day. Calibrator and control materials were analyzed in wells located prior to and after the specimens on the microplates each day of testing.

# Within-Run Precision

A summary of data for the 10 days of testing for between-run and within-run precision (reproducibility) is shown in the tables below.

Table 1: Precision Performance at the Cutoff and Overall (Between-Run) Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target pg/mg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1528</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6717</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3752</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7948</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6484</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0526</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0359</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0339</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0380</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0285</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0293</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0270</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.39%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.61%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.32%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.59%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.05%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.16%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1886</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1321</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0965</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0667</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0805</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0673</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0503</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0464</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.76%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.02%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.77%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.04%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.46%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.79%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.16%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-DeviceSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1844</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0751</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0759</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0643</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0495</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0447</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0412</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-DeviceCV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.57%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.59%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.13%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.23%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.18%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.36%</td></tr></table>

The overall (between-run) precision $( \mathrm { C V } \% )$ was less than $10 \%$ for all spiked $2 5 \%$ , $50 \%$ , $1 0 0 \% ,$ $1 2 5 \%$ , $1 5 0 \%$ , $1 7 5 \%$ , and $2 0 0 \%$ ) levels of analyte.

# Evaluation of separation around the cutoff:

The Ratio was calculated (sample OD/cutoff OD) for each of the test samples. The mean Ratio and standard deviation (SD) of all pools were calculated for each day of analysis. The mean Ratio minus 2 SD of the $50 \%$ samples was greater than the mean Ratio plus 2 SD of the $100 \%$ sample on each day of analysis (Table 3, highlighted in blue). The mean Ratio minus 2 SD of the $100 \%$ sample was greater than the mean Ratio plus 2 SD of the $1 5 0 \%$ sample on each day of analysis (Table 3, highlighted in green).

Table 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target pg/mg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Day 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8483</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5442</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0572</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8857</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8079</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6863</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6073</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9844</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3843</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0648</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8712</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3754</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0337</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0086</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0144</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean - 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4829</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1787</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0044</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7907</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6860</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5785</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean + 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8932</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6054</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2458</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9531</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7532</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6362</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Day 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5713</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0966</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8563</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7467</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6914</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5956</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4755</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6774</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5546</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6096</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9606</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2692</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0701</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0644</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0389</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0373</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean - 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8758</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2609</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7441</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7077</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6366</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5209</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean + 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3485</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1606</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9686</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7856</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6703</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1825</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9342</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6627</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7981</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5366</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9573</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9866</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8651</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1202</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0527</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0273</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0596</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0339</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean - 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5331</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8812</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8784</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7769</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5948</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean + 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3271</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4602</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2662</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8518</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8417</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7306</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Day 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9086</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4802</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0487</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9724</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7066</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4899</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9087</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1544</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1469</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5554</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8522</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2972</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0580</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0364</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0319</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0167</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0092</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean - 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8357</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1717</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9617</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9421</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6888</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6883</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean + 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9814</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5439</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2605</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1357</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9327</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7249</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Day 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2568</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2434</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9556</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8357</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7673</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6618</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3389</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8535</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8499</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0551</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8537</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2541</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4263</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0799</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0563</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0579</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0293</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean - 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0609</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6511</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4568</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1974</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9889</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6032</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean + 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4526</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9705</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5690</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2894</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0714</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9335</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7204</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Day 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5777</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2931</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8831</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7733</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6602</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6027</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8811</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2944</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9541</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6289</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5580</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7650</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0589</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0612</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0365</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0287</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean - 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4552</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2322</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8496</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8543</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5452</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean + 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0653</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9956</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8214</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6601</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Day 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1805</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5773</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1383</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7766</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6943</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6220</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5486</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1530</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2088</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8945</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6357</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0606</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9375</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0338</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0245</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0351</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0183</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean - 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2627</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0952</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9068</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7763</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5854</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean + 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3794</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1814</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9783</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8627</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7645</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6585</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Day 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3586</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9908</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8804</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7759</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6909</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6381</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3536</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1662</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1416</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0450</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0492</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0386</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean - 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4789</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2602</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0293</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9410</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8603</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6950</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6364</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5610</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean + 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3618</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4570</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1980</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0406</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8568</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7153</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Day 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8277</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4654</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1740</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0888</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7430</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6868</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8457</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7283</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8598</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0449</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8643</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0844</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6747</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3639</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5813</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0631</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0419</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0357</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0177</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean - 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0907</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7645</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5911</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8776</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7626</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6513</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean + 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3431</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8909</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5492</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2455</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8487</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7223</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Day 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4759</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2257</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0786</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7866</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1856</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4765</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3044</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8590</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0787</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6642</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8889</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5696</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0541</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0408</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0602</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0337</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean - 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3676</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5656</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2776</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1557</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0337</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9667</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7317</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7254</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean + 2SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5841</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2958</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8477</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7500</td></tr></table>

Table 4: $\%$ Positive and Negative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Relative to Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target pg/mg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 4 also demonstrates separation around the cutoff. There is no crossover $\pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff.

# 4.2 Cross-Reactivity

# Structurally Related Compounds

Cocaine, structurally-related compounds, pharmacologically-related compounds, and metabolites were tested for cross-reactivity in the assay. Eleven (11) compounds, structurally related to cocaine and known cocaine metabolites, were selected for the study (see table below for the list). The cross-reactant solutions were prepared by adding the compounds to negative hair matrix. The concentrations listed below produced a result approximately equal to the cutoff calibrator.

Serial dilutions of each compound were prepared and analyzed. If the OD response of the spiked sample was positive then the spiked sample was diluted further with finer dilutions until a positive result was obtained with an OD within $5 \%$ of the cutoff value (sample OD/Cutoff OD). Cross reactivity was calculated as: (Cutoff Concentration/Lowest Cross Reactant Concentration with a Positive Result) $\textsf { x } 1 0 0$ .

CONFIDENTIAL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CrossReactivity (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration inNegative Hair Matrix(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration of compound(pg/mg hair) needed toproduce results equivalent to300 pg/mg of Cocaine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anhydroecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;300,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anhydroecgonine methyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;300,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;300,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocatheylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;300,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;300,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meta-hydroxybenzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tropacocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine N-oxide HCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,700</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scopolamine hydrobromide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;300,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbenzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>m-hydroxycocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine Isopropyl Ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td></tr></table>

# Conclusions

Cross-reactivity for tested compounds ranged from $< 0 . 1 \%$ to $200 \%$ . Several of the compounds are metabolites of cocaine and cross-reactivity is not an undesired outcome. The compounds exhibiting the highest cross-reactivity – e.g. benzoylecgonine, and cocaethylene – would also be expected to produce a presumptive positive result for the hair cocaine screen, and therefore, would not elicit an undue number of additional confirmation tests and would also be a desired outcome for those users requesting the reporting of these additional cocaine metabolites

# 4.3 Interference

Various common over-the-counter and prescription medications, as well as abused drugs, were tested for cross-reactivity in the assay. One hundred and forty three (143) structurally unrelated compounds were added to 1:1 methanol/water at a concentration of $1 0 , 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and were subsequently spiked into both low control (equivalent to $1 5 0 \ p { \mathsf { g / m g } } )$ negative hair matrix and also to high control (equivalent to 450 $\mathsf { p g } / \mathsf { m } \mathsf { g } )$ negative hair matrix. Additionally ten (10) hair dyeing compounds were evaluated in the same manner starting at a concentration of $5 0 0 ~ { \mu 9 } / { \eta \mathrm { l } } \left( 5 0 0 , 0 0 0 ~ { \eta 9 } / { \eta \mathrm { l } } \right)$ . Based on the OD of the spiked low control producing results above the OD of the cutoff calibrator and the OD of the spiked high control producing results below or equal to the OD of the cutoff calibrator, it is concluded that one hundred and thirty six (136) of the compounds display no significant reactivity with the assay:

Compounds That Do Not Interfere with the Assay:

CONFIDENTIAL   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)-11-nor-9-Carboxy-Δ9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorthiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normenperidinic Acid (4-Phenylpiperidine-4-carboxylic acidhydrochloride)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+)-11-Nor-Δ9-THC-9-carboxylicacid glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Catharanthine(Ergoloid)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normorphine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone(Cortisol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxymorphone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cimaterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Desmethyl-cis-tramadol HCI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+) Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clenbuterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+) Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+) Norpseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAMPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin G Sodium salt</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) MDA [(±)-3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) MDEA [(±)-3,4-Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)-Δ8-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">phenothiazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) MDMA [(±)-3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)-Δ9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±) Propanolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desalkylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperdine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylbutazone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-N-Ethylamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metaproterenolhemisulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P-Hydroxymethamphetamine (Isodrin)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-N-Propylamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desmethyldoxepin(cis/trans)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methedrone(Methyoxyephedrine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Progesterone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-Phenylpropanolamine(Norephedrine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexamethasone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine HCI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylergometrinemaleate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprionyl Promazine HCI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nandrolone (19-Nortesterone)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R(-) Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1R,2S(-)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monensin Sodium Salt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R(-)-Amphetamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1S,2R(+)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DihydroergotamineMesylate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R(+) Methcathinone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-0xo-3-hydroxy-LSD (2-Oxo-3-hydroxy-lysergic aciddiethylamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydromorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R,R(-)-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen (4-Acetoamidophenol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin (cis/trans)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-6-β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S(-)-Nicotine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-MeO-PCP HCI (4-Methoxyphencyclidine HCI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylaminesuccinate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nadolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S(+)-Amphetamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-AcetylImorphine (6-Monoacetylmorphine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxinehydrochloride(Effexor)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalbuphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salbutamol (Albuterol)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acebutolol HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S, S(+)Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Acetophenetidin (Phenacetine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stanozolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Desmethyodramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptomycin Sulfate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neomycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sufentanil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flumethasone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Ethylcathione</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline HCI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Betamethasone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-4-Methyl-N-ethyl-norephedrine HCI (N-Ethyl nor ephedrine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norbuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cis-Tramadol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triflupromazine HCL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HMMA (4-Hydroxy-3-Methoxymandelic Acid)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normeperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tylosin Tartrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

Seventeen (17) compounds exhibited a limited degree of reactivity in the immunoassay, as listed below.

The following compounds exhibited positive interference at the following levels:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Interferenceobserved at or above:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalent Concentration in Hair(pg/mg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trifluperazine HCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimerperazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prochlorperazine dimaleate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine dihydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Iso-LSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,250 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37,500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basic Yellow 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7,812.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234,375</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylene Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15,625 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>468,750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basic Violet 16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31,250 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>937,500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basic Blue 99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62,500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,875,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basic Brown 16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62,500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,875,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethyl Violet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62,500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,875,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basic Brown 17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62,500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,875,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basic Red 51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125,000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,750,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Safranin O</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125,000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,750,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basic Yellow 87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15,000,000</td></tr></table>

No negative interference was observed in this study.

# 4.4 Method Comparison

The tested group of specimens consisted of a total of 100 donor specimens. This study involved analysis of routine donor hair specimens provided by the Quest Diagnostics testing laboratory. These are specimens that screened negative for cocaine or have previously been confirmed positive for cocaine and/or cocaine metabolites, and were eligible for discard. Per protocol, a minimum of 50 negative samples (five (5) between 150 and 300 pg cocaine/mg hair) and 50 positive samples (five (5) between 300 and 450 pg cocaine/mg hair) were analyzed. Specimens were first confirmed by GC-MS randomized and then screened with the Quest Diagnostics HairCheck –DT (Cocaine) ELISA.

# Method Comparison Data:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateDeviceResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (Less thanhalf the cutoffconcentration) byconfirmatoryanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff/BorderlineNegative (Between50% below thecutoff and thecutoffconcentration) byconfirmatoryanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff/Borderline Positive(Between the cutoffand 50% above thecutoffconcentration) byconfirmatoryanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(greater than 50%above the cutoffconcentration) byconfirmatoryanalysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc. byGCMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;150 pg/mg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150-299 pg/mg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300-450 pg/mg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;450 pg/mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall Accuracy</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement among positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (50/50)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement among negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92% (46/50)</td></tr></table>

# Definitions:

Ratio $=$ specimen OD/mean OD of cutoff calibrator   
Negative by ELISA: Ratio ${ > } 1 . 0$   
Negative by GC-MS: $< 1 5 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m g }$   
Near Cutoff Negative by ELISA: Ratio falls between cutoff and low control value   
Near Cutoff Negative by GCMS: $1 5 0 { - } 2 9 9 \ \mathsf { p g / m g }$   
Near Cutoff Positive by ELISA: Ratio falls between high control and cutoff value   
Near Cutoff Positive by GCMS: $3 0 0 { - } 4 5 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m g }$   
Positive by ELISA : Ratio $\leq 1 . 0$   
High Positive by GC-MS: $> 4 5 0 ~ \mathsf { p g / m g }$

# Discrepant Results

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UniqueIdentifier</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>GC-MS pg/mg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CocaineEq. Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISARatioOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReferenceNumber</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCC 06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCC 47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.807</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCC 49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.704</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCC 50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>386</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr></table>

BE-Benzoylecgonine

COC-Cocaine

CE-Cocaethylene

NC-Norcocaine

(1) This specimen confirmed negative by GC-MS for cocaine and metabolites, yet screened strongly positive by the HairCheck-DT ELISA device. The hair specimen was dyed pink, likely using Manic Panic SemiPermanent Cotton Candy Pink Hair Color, or similar hair care product. A deep pink color was encountered during the extraction and re-suspension process and the specimen was also robustly pink when pipetted onto the ELISA plates. Exposing the specimen to a black light resulted in intense pink fluorescence emission. The cited hair care product contains three cationic dyes, Basic Violet 16, Safranin O and Methylene Blue. All three dyes are fluorescent, emitting in the vicinity of 583-595 nm, the red region of the visible light spectrum. Further investigation into the effect of semi-permanent dyes on the assay has provided evidence that the binding of cocaine & cocaine-HRP-conjugate to the antibody is disrupted by the presence of high concentrations of these dyes (relative to the concentration of cocaine) in sample extracts. This effect however, is not specific to the cocaine antibody since the offending hair specimen also produced false positive results in the HairCheck-DT (Opiates) ELISA and the HairCheck-DT (Methamphetamine) ELISA. Semi-permanent hair care products contain various cationic dyes that are readily extracted along with the cocaine during the pre-analytical sample preparation. The high concentration of extracted dyes, leads to positive interference through interaction with one or more steps of the fundamental immunoassay procedure.

(2) This specimen confirmed negative by GC-MS with a quantitative value of 155 pg cocaine/mg hair.

(3) This specimen confirmed negative by GC-MS with a quantitative value of 190 pg cocaine/mg hair.

(4) This specimen confirmed negative by GC-MS with a quantitative value of 272 pg cocaine/mg hair, but also contained $8 0 \ p { \mathsf { g } } / { \mathsf { m g } }$ of benzoylecgonine.

# 4.5 Within-Run Specimen Extraction Reproducibility

This study assessed the within-run reproducibility of hair specimen extraction by the ELISA and GC-MS method by evaluating three (3) replicates of five (5) cocaine positive specimens on the HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) ELISA as well as the GC-MS confirmatory method.

Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unique IDNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Cocaine](pg/mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReplicateNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean OD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coeff. ofVar.(CV%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISAPos/Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.811</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2926</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.059</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/0</td></tr></table>

# Conclusions

These results demonstrate the reproducibility of the specimen extraction and result for both the HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) ELISA as well as the GC-MS confirmatory method. Each replicate of each individual sample was positive for cocaine $1 0 0 \%$ agreement) by the HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) ELISA immunoassay and positive for cocaine by the GC-MS confirmation method. The within-run coefficient of variation for the GC-MS assay for cocaine was $6 . 7 \%$ . The within-run coefficients of variation for each of the five hair specimens by ELISA immunoassay (OD) was less than $1 0 \%$ , with an overall mean coefficient of variation of $3 . 9 \%$ .

# 4.6 Specimen Shipping Stability

In order to demonstrate the stability of cocaine in hair specimens during the shipping process, 56 hair samples- twenty eight (28) confirmed positive cocaine hair specimens, of which three specimens (3) have pre-shipping quantitative GC-MS results in the near cutoff positive concentration range (300 to 449 $\mathsf { p } \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { m } \mathsf { g }$ Cocaine) and twenty eight (28) confirmed negative cocaine hair specimens, of which three (3) have pre-shipping quantitative GC-MS results in the near cutoff negative concentration range (150 to 299 pg/mg Cocaine) were shipped to eight different geographical locations and the temperatures tracked during shipping. By enclosing an electronic temperature sensor within each shipment of hair samples, we were able to retrieve a range of temperatures collected every 20 minutes during the shipping process. In order to mimic potential shipping extreme temperatures, the hair was first cold shocked at ${ } ^ { - 1 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ for 15 hours and then heat shocked at $+ 4 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ for 6 hours prior to shipping.

After the boxes were returned to facility, ELISA screening and GC-MS confirmation were performed on each sample and compared to the non-shipped results for the same samples. The cocaine negative samples that were shipped maintained their negative status both for ELISA screening and GC-MS with respect to cocaine levels. One of the borderline negative samples originally screened positive prior to shipping and all three of the borderline negative samples screened positive after shipping due to variability near the cutoff of the ELISA screening method. The cocaine positive samples that were shipped maintained their positive status for both the ELISA screening and the GC-MS confirmation with respect to cocaine levels.

Summary of results for positive specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pre-Shipping</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Post-Shipping</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC-MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC-MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# Summary of results for negative specimens

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pre-Shipping</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Post-Shipping</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC-MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC-MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr></table>

\* One of the three Near Cutoff Negative specimens (as determined by GC-MS pre-shipping) screened positive by ELISA prior to shipping. $^ { * * }$ Three of three Near Cutoff Negative specimens (as determined by GC-MS pre-shipping) screened positive by ELISA post-shipping.

# Conclusions

This study agrees with published literature that hair specimens containing cocaine are stable to various shipping regimes. No changes in positive or negative status were produced upon shipment of the hair other than borderline specimens which could be expected due to variability near the cutoff of the ELISA screening assay. The hair samples were exposed to a range of temperatures that exceeded what would normally be encountered in a standard shipping process, with no changes in reportable status.

# 4.7 Cosmetic Hair Treatment Studies

This study is designed to assess the contribution of various common cosmetic hair treatments; shampooing, dyeing, bleaching, perming, and relaxing, on the detection of cocaine using the HairCheck DT Cocaine ELISA. This data is used by end-users (customers) to assess the degree to which various cosmetic hair treatments may interfere with Cocaine detection in their donor population.

This study involves the testing of a panel of sixty (60) confirmed positive cocaine hair samples and sixty (60) screened negative cocaine hair samples that are treated with one of five (5) cosmetic hair treatments or left untreated. Cocaine positive hair is defined as a hair sample confirmed by GC-MS as having greater than $3 0 0 \ p { \mathsf { g / m g } }$ cocaine. Absorbance readings after treatment were compared to absorbance readings prior to treatment, with the resulting change and direction of change noted. The resulting changes in ELISA test results (if any) are also noted, and are included in the table(s) below. (Absorbance values are normalized to the absorbance value of the cutoff calibrator absorbance value.)

ELISA Results for Cocaine Positive Hair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pre-Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Post-Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pre to Post</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofSamples Positiveby GC-MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofSamples Positiveby ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofSamples Positive byGC-MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofSamples Positive byELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range of% change in OD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shampoo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-48%, +56%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brown Dye</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-59%, +174%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bleach</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-31%, +278%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-60%, +61%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relaxer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+12%, +197%)</td></tr></table>

Cocaine positive hair remained positive by ELISA post-treatment, though substantial loss of cocaine was observed by GC-MS with bleach and relaxer.

Positive Specimens Individual Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Pre-Cosmetic Treatment</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Post-Cosmetic Treatment</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Treatment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UniqueID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CocaineGC-MSpg/mg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELISARaw OD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cal.OD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELISAP/N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELISARaw OD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cal.OD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELISAP/N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%Change(ELISARaw OD)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">Shampoo</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">809</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.772</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.976</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1391</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.505</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4209</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.164</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.165</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5927</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.089</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.115</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">804</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.664</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.849</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">929</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.475</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.739</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">793</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.817</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.698</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-15%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">984</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.275</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.316</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1336</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.417</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.222</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-47%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1471</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.617</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.322</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-48%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2064</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.229</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-38%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">812</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.437</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-31%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Brown Dye</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">951</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.623</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-14%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">968</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.739</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.544</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-26%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1553</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.429</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.368</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-14%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1596</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.366</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.414</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3536</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.199</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.082</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-59%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1306</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.166</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.455</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">174%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1480</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.389</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-32%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1852</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.322</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.259</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-20%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">919</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.499</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.467</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">968</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.262</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.159</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.166</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6948</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.047</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.043</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">BleachBlonde</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">810</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.516</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.899</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1315</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.264</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.379</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3605</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5158</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.043</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5796</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.063</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.096</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6812</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.073</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.067</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22770</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.034</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.028</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-18%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39769</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.389</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.627</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6920</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.049</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.185</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">278%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1440</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.315</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.511</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1607</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.345</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.239</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-31%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Pre-Cosmetic Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Post-Cosmetic Treatment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UniqueID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CocaineGC-MSpg/mg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISARaw OD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal.OD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISAP/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISARaw OD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal. OD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISAP/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Change(ELISARaw OD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>Perm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1662</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1779</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.365</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3497</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.088</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.054</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.087</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4522</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.093</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6376</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.072</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.081</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6786</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8315</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.087</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-60%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Relaxer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.067</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>856</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.619</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.833</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1455</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.509</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1555</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.354</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.409</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1597</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.245</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3462</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4491</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.043</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107%</td></tr></table>

ELISA Results for Cocaine Negative Hair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pre-Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Post-Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pre to Post</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofSamples Negativeby GC-MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofSamples Negativeby ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of SamplesNegative by GC-MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of SamplesNegative by ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range of% change in OD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shampoo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-8%, +10%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brown Dye</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-16%, +4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bleach</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-9%, +5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-7%, +6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relaxer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-16%, +4%)</td></tr></table>

Cocaine negative hair remained negative by ELISA post-treatment.

# Negative Specimen Individual Results

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Pre-Cosmetic Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Post-Cosmetic Treatment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UniqueID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CocaineGC-MSpg/mg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISARaw OD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal.OD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISAP/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISARaw OD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal.OD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISAP/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Change(ELISARaw OD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>Shampoo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.785</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.559</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.828</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.928</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.767</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.795</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.767</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.553</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.802</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.837</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.763</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.406</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.572</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.663</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.648</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.705</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.679</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.647</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Brown Dye</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.703</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.471</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.756</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.583</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=10>N16       0       2.618    1.562    NEG     2.326   1.562   NEG      -11%N17       0       2.678    1.562    NEG     2.57   1.562   NEG       -4%N18       0        2.559    1.562    NEG     2.375   1.562   NEG       -7%N19       0        2.81     1.562    NEG     2.455   1.562   NEG      -13%N20        0        2.94    1.562    NEG     2.468   1.562   NEG      -16%N21        0        2.731     1.562    NEG     2.605   1.562   NEG       -5%N22        0        2.765    1.562    NEG     2.427   1.562   NEG      -12%N23       0        2.772    1.562    NEG     2.515   1.562   NEG       -9%N24        0        2.528    1.562    NEG     2.526   1.562   NEG       0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.618</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.678</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.559</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.455</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-13%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-16%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.605</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.765</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.427</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.772</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.515</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.528</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.526</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Pre-Cosmetic Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Post-Cosmetic Treatment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UniqueID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CocaineGC-MSpg/mg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISARaw OD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal.OD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISAP/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISARaw OD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal.OD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISAP/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Change(ELISARaw OD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>BleachBlonde</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.484</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.487</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.611</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.568</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.754</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.711</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.853</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.744</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.862</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.712</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.644</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.911</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.785</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.579</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.737</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.718</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.674</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.654</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.709</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.775</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>Perm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.469</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.327</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.486</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.445</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.504</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.439</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.436</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.271</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.574</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.519</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.578</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.573</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.574</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.496</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.578</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.531</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.446</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.589</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Relaxer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.481</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.338</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.543</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.576</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-16%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.583</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-12%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.528</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.323</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.317</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.365</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.248</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.475</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.359</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.396</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr></table>

# Conclusions

The results of this study agree with the extensive published literature15-24 that the use of various cosmetic hair treatments can potentially reduce the amount of drug and drug metabolites detected in hair specimens. In this study, certain cosmetic treatments did lead to a substantial change in raw optical density values obtained in the ELISA, i.e. - relaxing and bleaching, due to loss of cocaine during the treatment. It is possible that a cosmetic hair treatment could cause a negative hair sample to read positive or a positive hair sample to read negative. Bleaching and relaxing had the most significant effect, decreasing the extent of positivity of positive specimens. None of the treatments tested significantly impacted the negative specimens.

Variance in how much drug and/or drug metabolites are incorporated into hair as a result of drug use is dependent upon the characteristics of the donor and hair specimen (e.g. age, texture, shape (thickness), density, melanin content, and segment of hair tested). Analogously, cosmetic treatments may also have a varying degree of effect on the drug concentration measured in hair specimens for the same reasons i.e., the effect of the treatment is impacted by the individual characteristics of each hair specimen (e.g. degree of penetration into the hair, effect on hair structure/matrix). The variability in the effect of cosmetic treatments can be seen in the Percent Change (ELISA OD) column of the tables above with bleaching, dyeing, and relaxing exhibiting the most variable effect on the optical density (i.e. the detected cocaine concentration or how positive the specimen was after treatment). The effect of each cosmetic treatment on negative specimens demonstrated minimal variability between specimens. Additionally, despite the hair specimens being minced and mixed in this study prior to assignment into the Treatment/No Treatment groups, differences in drug concentration between the hair segments, due to inconsistent drug use, cannot be discounted as a contributor to the variability observed between specimens.

# 4.8 Shelf Life

Shelf life was determined using (3) kits lots on real time stability.

Evaluation Lots used to support 6 month kit shelf life claim

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ValidationLots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate DOM i.e.shortest datedcomponent in kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KitExpirationDate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date of Day 0Testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final Interval TestDates</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluation lot4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>05/10/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/10/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>05/27/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/29/2015</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluation lot5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>05/09/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/09/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>05/28/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/30/2015</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluation lot6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>05/10/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/10/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>05/29/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/29/2015</td></tr></table>

Real Time Stability ELISA – this study was conducted monthly for ${ \sim } 7$ months for Evaluation Lot 5, and out to ${ \sim } 8$ months for Evaluation lots 4 and 6.

Cutoff calibrator and controls stability – Stability validation of cutoff calibrator $/$ controls concentration(s) relative to target is performed every 3 months with 5 replicates via GC-MS. 3 lots of HairCheck Cocaine kits and 3 separate “batches” of cutoff calibrator and low and high controls have been evaluated to 13 months.

Open Vial - Stability was performed for all components including the cutoff calibrator and controls. The microplates were held at room temperature for 4 hours and then returned to $2 \cdot 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ and QC was performed 30 days later. For the cutoff calibrator and controls they are stored at ${ } _ { - 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ so moved to $2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for 4 hours then returned to ${ } _ { - 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ and held for 30 days.

# Conclusion

All 3 Stability Validation lots are stable up to ${ \sim } 7$ and ${ \sim } 8$ months beyond the Date of Manufacture. All 3 lots of calibrator and controls have been tested at the 13 month time point and passed required QC criteria $+ / -$ $20 \%$ of target value. The accelerated stability equivalent for this product is 7.6 months. Real-time stability demonstrated for (3) lots - up to 7 months, establishing the shelf-life at 6 months.

# 6.0 Standards and Guidance Documents

Design Control Guidance for Medical Device Manufacturers (March 11, 1997)

Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device (K97-1) (January 10, 1997)

Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, Format for Traditional and Abbreviated 510(k)s (August 12, 2005)

Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, eCopy Program for Medical Device Submissions (December 3, 2015)

Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, Refuse to Accept Policy for 501(k)s (August 4, 2015)

Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, Use of Symbols on Labels and in Labeling of for In Vitro Diagnostic Devices Intended for Professional Use (November 30, 2004)

Draft Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, Premarket Submission and Labeling Recommendations for Drugs of Abuse Screening Tests (December 2, 2003) (Withdrawn)

Draft Guidance for Industry And FDA Staff, Guidance for Prescription Use Drugs of Abuse Assays Premarket Notifications (November 14, 2000)

# 7.0 References

1. Bourland, J. A., Hayes, E. F., Kelly, R.C., Sweeney, S.A., and Hatab, M.M., Quantitation of cocaine, belegonie,cocaethylenemethylegonie,annorcocainhuan airy positinchemicalzat (pic gas chromatography —tandem mass spectrometry, Journal of Analytical Toxicology Vol 24, No.7: 489-495, 2000

2. Sweeney, S. A., Kelly, R. C., Bourland, J. A., Johnson, T., Brown, W. C., Lee, H. and Lewis, E., Amphetamines in hair by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, Journal of Analytical Toxicology Vol 22, No. 6: 418-424, 1998

3. Baselt, R.C., and Cravey, R.H., Disposition of Toxic Drugs and Chemicals in Man, Fifth Edition, Chemical Toxicology Institute, Foster City, CA (2000), 676-679

4. Clarke’s Isolation and Identification of Drugs, 2nd ed. Moffat A.C., Jackson JV, Moss MS, Widdop B, eds. London: The Pharmaceutical Press, 1986

5. Analytical Aspects of Drug Testing, Deutsch DG. NEW YORK: Wiley-Interscience, 1989.

6. Harkey, M.R., Anatomy and physiology of hair, Forensic Science International 63 (1993), 9-18

7. Henderson, G.L., Mechanisms of drug incorporation into hair, Forensic Science International 63 (1993), 19-29

8. Kalasinsky, K.S., Magluilo, J. Jr., and Schaefer, T., Study of Drug Distribution in Hair by Infrared Microscopy Visualization, Journal of Analytical Toxicology Vol 18, October 1994, 337-341

9. Kintz, P., Tracqui, A., and Mangin. P., Opiate Concentration in Human Head, Axillary, and Pubic Hair, Journal of Forensic Sciences, JFSCA. Vol. 38. No. 3. May 1993, pp. 657-662

10. Sniegoski, L.T., and Welch, M.J., Interlaboratory Studies on the Analysis of Hair for Drugs of Abuse: Results from the fourth Exercise, Journal of Analytical Toxicology Vol 20, July/August 1996, 242-247

11. Kintz, P., Ludes, B., and Mangin, P., Detection of Drugs in Human Hair Using Abbott ADx, with Confirmation by Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS), Journal of Forensic Sciences, JFSCA. Vol. 37. No. 1. Jan 1992. pp 328-331.

12. Kintz, P., Tracqui, A., and Mangin. P., Detection of drugs in human hair for clinical and forensic applications, International Journal of Legal Medicine, (1992) 105:1-4

13. Martinez, F., Poet, T.S., Pillai, R., Erickson, J., Estrada, A.L. and Watson, R.R., Cocaine Metabolite (Benzoylecgonine) in Hair and Urine of Drug Users, , Journal of Analytical Toxicology Vol 17, May/June 1993, 138- 142   
14. Mieczkowski, T., A research note: the outcome of GC/MS/MS confirmation of hair assays on 93 cannabinoid $( + )$ cases, Forensic Science International 79 (1995), 83-91   
15. Welch, M.J., Sniegoski, L.T., Allgood, C.C., Habram, M. (1993) Hair analysis for drugs of abuse—evaluation of analytical methods, environmental issues, and development of reference materials. Journal of Analytical Toxicology, 17, 389–398.   
16. Rohrich, J., Zorntlein, J., Pötsch, L., Skopp, G., Becker, J. (2000) Effect of the shampoo Ultra Clean on drug concentrations in human hair. International Journal of Legal Medicine, 113, 102–106.   
17. Skopp, G., Pötsch, L., Moeller, M.R. (1997) On cosmetically treated hair-aspects and pitfalls of interpretation. Forensic Science International, 84, 43–52.   
18. Takayama, N., Tanaka, S., Kizu, R., Hayakawa, K. (1999) High performance liquid chromatography study on effects of permanent wave, dye and decolorant treatments on methamphetamine and amphetamine in hair. Biomedical Chromatography, 13, 257–314.   
19. Pötsch, L., Skopp, G. (1996) Stability of opiates in hair fibers after exposure to cosmetic treatment. Forensic Science International, 81, 95–102.   
20. Baeck, S., Han, E., Chung, H., Pyo, M. (2011) Effects of repeated hair washing and a single hair dyeing on concentrations of methamphetamine and amphetamine in human hairs. Forensic Science International, 206, 77– 80.   
21. Agius R (2014) Utility of coloured hair for the detection of drugs and alcohol. Drug Test Anal. 6 Suppl 1:110-119.   
22. Martins, L.F., Yegles, M., Thieme, D., Wennig, R. (2008) Influence of bleaching on the enatiomeric disposition of amphetamine-type stimulants in hair. Forensic Science International, 176, 38–41.   
23. Pritchett JS, Phinney KW (2015). Influence of chemical straightening on the stability of drugs of abuse in hair. J Anal Toxicol. 39:13-16.   
24. Jurado C, Kintz P, Menéndez M, Repetto M. (1997) “Influence of the cosmetic treatment of hair on drug testing.” Int J Legal Med. 110 (3):159-63

# 7.0 Conclusion

The modified subject device Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) assay submission number K152232 is substantially equivalent to the predicate device Quest Diagnostics HairCheck-DT (Cocaine) assay submission number K023626

This Page is Intentionally Left Blank