NANTONG EGENS BIOTECH CO., LTD. C/O JOE SHIA   
BUSINESS DIRECTOR   
504 EAST DIAMOND AVE. SUITE I   
GAITHERSBURG, MD 20877

Re: K152643 Trade/Device Name: EGENS Urine Test Marijuana (THC) EGENS Urine Test MDMA Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3870 Regulation Name: Cannabinoid test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LDJ, LAF Dated: September 9, 2015 Received: September 15, 2015

Dear Mr. Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Mr. Joe Shia

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name EGENS Urine Test Cup THC-MDMA EGENS Urine Test DipCard THC-MDMA EGENS Urine Test Cassette Marijuana

Indications for Use (Describe)   
EGENS Urine Test Cup THC-MDMA is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Cannabinoids and   
Methylenedioxymethamphetamine in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , respectively. EGENS Urine Test Cup THC-MDMA test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

EGENS Urine Test DipCard THC-MDMA is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Cannabinoids and Methylenedioxymethamphetamine in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , respectively. EGENS Urine Test DipCard THC-MDMA test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

EGENS Urine Test Cassette Marijuana is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Cannabinoids in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

EGENS Urine Test Cassette Marijuana test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when he preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

1. Date:

October 26, 2015

Submitter:

NANTONG EGENS BIOTECHNOLOGY, LTD. Building 15, 1692 Xinghu Avenue, Nantong 226010, China

2. Contact person:

Yan Cao   
NANTONG EGENS BIOTECHNOLOGY, LTD. Building 15，1692 Xinghu Avenue,   
Nantong 226010, China   
Phone: 86-0513-85920700   
Email: cyhfhjn $@$ 163.com

3. Device Name:

EGENS Urine Test Marijuana (THC) EGENS Urine Test MDMA

Classification: Class II

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3870 Cannabinoids Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3610 Methylenedioxymethamphetamine ToxicologyTest System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr></table>

4. Predicate Devices: K142580 Chemtrue Multi-Panel DOA DipCard Tests

5. Intended Use:

EGENS Urine Test Marijuana (THC) is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Cannabinoids in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The tests are available in a Cassette format, a Cup format and a Dip Card format.

EGENS Urine Test Marijuana (THC) test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use..

EGENS Urine Test MDMA is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Methylenedioxymethamphetamine in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The tests are available in a Cup format and a Dip Card format.

EGENS Urine Test MDMA test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

# 6. Device Description:

EGENS Urine Test MDMA uses immunochromatographic assays for Methylenedioxymethamphetamine These tests are lateral flow systems for the qualitative detection of Methylenedioxymethamphetamine in human urine. EGENS Urine Test Marijuana (THC) uses immunochromatographic assays for Cannabinoids. These tests are lateral flow systems for the qualitative detection of Cannabinoids in human urine. Each test is the first step in a two-step process. The second step is to send the sample for laboratory testing if preliminary positive results are obtained.

# 7. Substantial Equivalence Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceEGENS Urine Test Marijuana(THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate  K142580</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination ofCannabinoids in human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assaysbased on the principle of antigenantibody immunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids: 50ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same for Cannabinoids</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup, Cassette and Dipcard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dipcard</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conditions forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Over-the-Counter &amp; PrescriptionUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Candidate Device EGENS Urine Test MDMA</td><td>Predicate  K142580</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication(s)for use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative determination ofMethylenedioxymethamphetaminein human urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assaysbased on the principle of antigenantibody immunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut Off Values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxymethamphetamine:500ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same for MDMA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup and Dipcard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dipcard</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conditions forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Over-the-Counter &amp; Prescription SameUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

8. Test Principle

The EGENS Urine Test MDMA is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Methylenedioxymethamphetamine in urine samples. The EGENS Urine Test Marijuana (THC) is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Cannabinoids in urine samples. The tests are lateral flow chromatographic immunoassays. During testing, a urine specimen migrates upward by capillary action. If target drugs present in the urine specimen below its cut-off concentration, it will not saturate the binding sites of its specific monoclonal mouse antibody coated on the particles. The antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized drug-conjugate and a visible colored line will show up in the test line region. The colored line will not form in the test line region if the target drug level exceeds its cutoff-concentration because it will saturate all the binding sites of the antibody coated on the particles. A band should form in the control region of the devices regardless of the presence of drug or metabolite in the sample to indicate that the tests have been performed properly.

9. Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of - $. 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut-off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off, at the cut-off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut-off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day by three operators for 25 days. All sample aliquots were masked and randomized. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables:

A. For Marijuana (THC) DipCard   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultTHC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46-/4+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32+/18-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46-/4+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31+/19-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46-/4+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33+/17-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

B. For Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) DipCard   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultMET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut- off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47-/3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30+/20-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47-/3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30+/20-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47-/3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30+/20-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# C. For Marijuana (THC) Cup

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultTHC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46-/4+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30+/20-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/2-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46-/4+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33+/17-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/2-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46-/4+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33+/17-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/2-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

D. For Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultMET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut- off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47-/3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31+/19-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47+/3-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47-/3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31+/19-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47+/3-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47-/3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31+/19-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47+/3-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# E. For Marijuana (THC) Cassette

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultTHC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48-/2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33+/17-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48-/2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31+/19-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48-/2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31+/19-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity Not applicable.

c. Stability The EGENS Urine Test MDMA and the EGENS Urine Test Marijuana (THC) are stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ^ { \mathrm { { o } } } \mathrm { { C } }$ for 24 months as determined by conducting accelerated and real-time stability testing.

Control materials are not provided with the device. The labeling provides information on how to obtain control materials.

d. Cut-off

Cut-off studies were conducted using a total of 125 Cannabinoids samples and 125 Methylenedioxymethamphetamine samples equally distributed at concentrations of - $- 5 0 \%$ , $- 2 5 \%$ at the cut-off, $+ 2 5 \%$ , $+ 5 0 \%$ of their respective cut-offs. These samples were tested using three different lots by three different operators. Results were all positive at $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off and all negative at $- 5 0 \%$ cut-off for both Cannabinoids and Methylenedioxymethamphetamine. The following cut-off values for the test devices have been verified.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/ml)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr></table>

e. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to urine containing Cannabinoids. These urine samples were tested using three lots of the EGENS Urine Test Marijuana (THC) devices by three different operators. There were no differences observed for different formats of the device. Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized below:

# Cannabinoids

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Acetamidophenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetvprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecaonine dydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetvsalicvlic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecqonine methylester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopvrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amityptvline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amorbarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-)Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apormorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxy-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanotamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D.L-Propanolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzillic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Iproniazid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecaonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin(5-Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhvdrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone,3Acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone,(β-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-Methylenedioxy-amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxy- methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D.L-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolbutamide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triyptamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethlorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D.L-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclolrfenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diaoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D.L-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr></table>

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to urine containing Methylenedioxymethamphetamine. These urine samples were tested using three lots of the EGENS Urine Test MDMA devices by three different operators. There were no differences observed for different formats of the device. Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized below:

# Methylenedioxymethamphetamine

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Acetamidophenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetvprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecaonine dydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetvsalicvlic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecqonine methylester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopvrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)-Y-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amityptvline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amorbarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apormorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxy-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanotamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D.L-Propanolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzillic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Iproniazid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecaonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin (5-Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhvdrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone,3 Acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone,(β-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-Methylenedioxy-amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D.L-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolbutamide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triyptamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethlorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D.L-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclolrfenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diaoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D.L-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr></table>

# f. Specificity

To test the specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to be present in urine samples were tested. The target drug Cannabinoids, its drug metabolites and the related compounds were tested using three lots of the EGENS Urine Test Marijuana (THC) for each format of the devices by three different operators. The target drug   
Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, its drug metabolites and the related compounds were tested using three lots of the EGENS Urine Test MDMA for each format of the devices by three different operators. These drug metabolites and components were tested at different   
concentrations. The obtained lowest detectable concentration was used to calculate the cross-reactivity. Results are shown in the following tables. There were no differences observed for different formats for each of the drug devices.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC(Cut-off=50 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Nor-Δ-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 50ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Hydroxy-Δ -Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at5000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Nor-Δ 8-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 50ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at20000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at10000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at10000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at20000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Nor--THC-carboxy glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at2500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)-11-nor-9-carboxy-∆ 9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at2500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA(Cut-off=500 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D,L-3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4- MethylenedioxymethamphetamineHC1 (MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 3,000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-Methylenedioxymethy-amphetamine(MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 1,000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 50,000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 50,000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 50,000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 50,000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td></tr></table>

# g. Effect of Specific Gravity and Urine pH

Twelve urine samples of normal, high, and low specific gravity ranges (1.000 to 1.035) were collected and spiked with Cannabinoids at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above the THC cut-off level. These samples were tested using three lots of each of the EGENS Urine Test Marijuana (THC) devices (DipCard, Cup, and Cassette) by three different operators.

Twelve urine samples of normal, high, and low specific gravity ranges (1.000 to 1.035) were collected and spiked with Methylenedioxymethamphetamine at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above the MDMA cut-off level. These samples were tested using three lots of each of the EGENS Urine Test MDMA devices (DipCard and Cup) by three different operators.

The pH of an aliquot negative urine pool was adjusted to $\mathsf { p H }$ ranges of 4.00 to 9.00 in $1 \ p \mathrm { H }$ unit increments and spiked with Cannabinoids at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above the THC cut-off level. These samples were tested using three lots of each of the EGENS Urine Test Marijuana (THC) devices (DipCard, Cup, and Cassette) by three different operators.

The pH of an aliquot negative urine pool was adjusted to $\mathsf { p H }$ ranges of 4.00 to 9.00 in $1 \ p \mathrm { H }$ unit increments and spiked with Methylenedioxymethamphetamine at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above the MDMA cut-off level. These samples were tested using three lots of each of the EGENS Urine Test MDMA devices (DipCard and Cup) by three different operators.

The device performance was found to not be affected by varying specific gravity and pH. There were no differences observed for different formats.

# 2. Comparison Studies

The method comparison for the EGENS Urine Test Marijuana (THC) were performed in-house with three laboratory assistants for each format of the device. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples. The samples were masked and randomized. The obtained test results were compared to GC/MS results. The results are presented in the table below:

Cannabinoids DipCard   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GroupOperators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cutoffand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant table:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS result</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Chemical Entity by GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A1440</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>−</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=2>11-Nor-Δ 9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr></table>

Cannabinoids Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GroupOperators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cutoffand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant table:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS result</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Chemical Entity by GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td></td><td rowspan=4 colspan=4>11-Nor- 9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A1452</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr></table>

Cannabinoids Cassette   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GroupOperators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cutoffand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant table:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemical Entity by GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>11-Nor-Δ 9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=4 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A1440</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>52</td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr></table>

The method comparison for the EGENS Urine Test MDMA were performed in-house with three laboratory assistants for each format of the device. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples. The samples were masked and randomized. The obtained test results were compared to GC/MS results. The results are presented in the table below:

Methylenedioxymethamphetamine DipCard   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GroupOperators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cutoffand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant table:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Chemical Entity by GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>viewer results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0918</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0937</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0953</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>506</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0916</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0918</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0937</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>D,L-3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0953</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>506</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0918</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A0937</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>510</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>A0953</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>506</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr></table>

Methylenedioxymethamphetamine Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GroupOperators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cutoffand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant table:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemical Entity by GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>viewer results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0918</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0937</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0953</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>506</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0918</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0937</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D,L-3,4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0953</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>506</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0918</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0937</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0953</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A0979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>506</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative</td></tr></table>

Lay-user study

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 700 lay persons, of which, 100 tested for drug-free samples only, 360 for Cannabinoids samples only, and 240 for Methylenedioxymethamphetamine samples only. They had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 21 to ${ > } 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; $- 1 0 0 \%$ , $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cut-off by spiking each drug into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by GC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers, blind-labeled and randomized. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. The results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">EGENS Marijuana Cassette format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Number of samples</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">OTC user</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">%AgreementWith GC/MS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug -free</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Cannabinoids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EGENS Marijuana DipCard format</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number of samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>OTC user</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%AgreementWith GC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug -free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Cannabinoids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EGENS Marijuana Cup format</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number of samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>OTCuser</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%AgreementWith GC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug -free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Cannabinoids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">EGENS MDMA DipCard format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Number of samples</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">OTC user</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">%AgreementWith GC/MS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug -free</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">EGENS MDMA Cup format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Number of samples</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">OTC user</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">%AgreementWith GC/MS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug -free</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on the package insert and the score revealed a reading grade level of less than 7.

3. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

10. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and performance characteristics of the device, it’s concluded that EGENS Urine Test Marijuana (THC) and EGENS Urine Test MDMA devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate.