W.H.P.M., INC.   
C/O JOE SHIA   
REGULATORY CONSULTANT 504E DIAMOND AVE., SUITE I GAITHERSBURG MD 20877

Re: K152551 Trade/Device Name: First Sign® Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Cup Test First Sign® Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Dip Card Test First Sign® Drug of Abuse Butalbital Cup Test First $\mathrm { S i g n } ^ { \mathrm { ( \mathrm { g } ) } }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Dip Card Test First Sign® Drug of Abuse Morphine Cup Test First $\operatorname { S i g n } ^ { \mathbb { ( B ) } }$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Dip Card Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG, DIS Dated: September 1, 2015 Received: September 8, 2015

Dear Mr. Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name First $\mathrm { S i g n } @$ Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Cup Test; First $\mathrm { S i g n } @$ Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Dip Card Test First $\mathrm { S i g n } @$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Cup Test; First $\mathrm { S i g n } @$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Dip Card Test First $\mathrm { S i g n } @$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Cup Test; First $\mathrm { S i g n } @$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Dip Card Test

Indications for Use (Describe)   
First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Cup Test   
First $\mathrm { S i g n } @$ Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Dip Card Test   
First $\mathrm { S i g n ^ { T M } }$ Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Tests are immunochromatographic assays for the qualitative determination of Buprenorphine, in human urine at cut-off concentration of $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The tests are available in a Cup format and a Dip Card format.

The tests may yield preliminary positive results even when prescription drug Buprenorphine is ingested, at prescribed doses; it is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of this drug. There is no uniformly recognized cutoff concentration level for Buprenorphine in urine. The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Cup Test   
First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Dip Card Test   
First $\mathrm { S i g n ^ { T M } }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Tests are immunochromatographic assays for the qualitative determination of Butalbital in human urine at cut-off concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The tests are available in a Cup format and a Dip Card format.

The tests may yield preliminary positive results even when prescription drug Butalbital is ingested, at prescribed doses; it is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of this drug. There is no uniformly recognized cutoff concentration level for Butalbital in urine. The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Cup Test   
First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Dip Card Test   
First $\mathrm { S i g n ^ { T M } }$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Tests are immunochromatographic assays for the qualitative determination of Morphine in human urine at cut-off concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The tests are available in a Cup format and a Dip Card format.

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

1. Date:

November 6, 2015

2. Submitter

W.H.P.M., Inc. 5358 Irwindale Ave. Irwindale, CA 91706

3. Contact person:

John Wan   
W.H.P.M., Inc.   
5358 Irwindale Ave.   
Irwindale, CA 91706   
Telephone: 626-443-8480   
Fax: 626-443-8065   
Email: johnwan@whpm.com

4. Device Name:

First Sign® Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Cup Test First Sign® Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Dip Card Test First $\mathrm { S i g n } ^ { \mathbb { B } }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Cup Test First $\mathrm { S i g n } ^ { \mathbb { B } }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Dip Card Test First $\mathrm { S i g n } ^ { \mathbb { B } }$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Cup Test First $\mathrm { S i g n } ^ { \mathbb { B } }$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Dip Card Test

Common Name: Buprenorphine Urine Test Butalbital Urine Test Morphine Urine Test

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3650 Opiate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3150 Barbiturate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3650 Opiate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr></table>

This $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ summary is for three drug tests namely. BUP, Butalbital and MOP tests. The performance studies including the lay user study were performed on each of the three durg tests (BUP, Butalbital and MOP tests) separately.

5. Predicate Devices: K122809, Advin Multi Drug Screen Test K041712 RapidTec 4

First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Cup Test   
First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Dip Card Test   
First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Tests are immunochromatographic assays for the qualitative determination of Buprenorphine, in human urine at cut-off concentration of $1 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The tests are available in a Cup format and a Dip Card format.

The tests may yield preliminary positive results even when prescription drug Buprenorphine is ingested, at prescribed doses; it is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of this drug. There is no uniformly recognized cutoff concentration level for Buprenorphine in urine. The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

First $\mathrm { S i g n } ^ { \mathbb { B } }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Cup Test   
First $\mathrm { S i g n } ^ { \mathbb { B } }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Dip Card Test   
First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Tests are immunochromatographic assays for the qualitative determination of Butalbital in human urine at cut-off concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The tests are available in a Cup format and a Dip Card format.

The tests may yield preliminary positive results even when prescription drug Butalbital is ingested, at prescribed doses; it is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of this drug. There is no uniformly recognized cutoff concentration level for Butalbital in urine. The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Cup Test   
First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Dip Card Test   
First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Tests are immunochromatographic assays for the qualitative determination of Morphine in human urine at cut-off concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The tests are available in a Cup format and a Dip Card format.

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter and for prescription use.

# 7. Device Description

First $\mathrm { S i g n ^ { T M } }$ Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Test, First $\mathrm { S i g n ^ { T M } }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Test and First Sign™ Drug of Abuse Morphine Test are immunochromatographic assays. Each assay test is a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of Buprenorphine, or Butalbital or Morphine in human urine. The products are single-use in vitro diagnostic devices, which come in the formats of Dip Cards or Cups. Each test kit contains a Test Device (in one of the two formats), a package insert and a urine cup for sample collection. Each test device is sealed with a desiccant in an aluminum pouch.

8. Substantial Equivalence Information

A summary comparison of features of the candidate device and the predicate device is provided in Table 1, Table 2 & Table 3.

Table 1: Features Comparison of First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Test and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceFirst Sign® Drug of AbuseBuprenorphine Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(k122809)Advin Multi DrugScreen Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination ofBuprenorphine in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter and prescriptionuses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Forover-the-counteruse.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup, Dip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup, Dip Card,Cassette</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Features Comparison of First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Test and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceFirst Sign® Drug of Abuse ButalbitalTest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(k041712)RapidTec 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination ofButalbital in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitativedetermination ofBarbiturates inhuman urine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter and prescriptionuses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For prescriptionuse.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup, Dip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip</td></tr></table>

Table 3: Features Comparison of First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Test and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceFirst Sign® Drug of Abuse MorphineTest</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(k122809)Advin Multi DrugScreen Test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication(s)for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative determination ofMorphine in human urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-Off Values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedPopulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For over-the-counter and prescriptionuses.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Forover-the-counteruse.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup, Dip Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup, Dip Card,Cassette</td></tr></table>

# 9. Test Principle

Each assay test is a lateral flow chromatographic immunoassay. During testing, a urine specimen migrates upward by capillary action. If target drugs are present in the urine specimen below its cut-off concentration, it will not saturate the binding sites of its specific antibody (monoclonal mouse antibody) coated on the particles. The antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized drug-conjugate and a visible colored line will show up in the test line region. The colored line will not form in the test line region if the target drug level exceeds its cut-off concentration because it will saturate all the binding sites of the antibody coated on the particles. A band should form in the control region of the devices regardless of the presence of drug or metabolite in the sample.

# 10. Performance Characteristics

# First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Test

Analytical Performance a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of - $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut-off, - $. 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off, at the cut-off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut-off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off. These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative urine samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by GC/MS. All sample aliquots were blind-labeled and randomized by the person who prepared samples and did not take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days by three different operators for each format of devices. Different set of operators tested each format. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables:

Buprenorphine Dip Card Format   
Buprenorphine Cup Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Result</td><td>-100%</td><td>-75%</td><td>-50%</td><td>-25%</td><td>Cut-off</td><td>+25%</td><td>+50%</td><td>+75%</td><td>+100%</td></tr><tr><td>Drug</td><td>Cut-off</td><td>Cut-off</td><td>Cut-off 50-/0+</td><td>Cut-off 50-/0+</td><td>3-/47+</td><td>Cut-off 50+/0-</td><td>Cut-off 50+/0-</td><td>Cut-off</td><td>Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td>Lot 4</td><td>50-/0+</td><td>50-/0+</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>50+/0-</td><td>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultDrug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-/48+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-/47+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity

Not applicable.

c. Stability

The devices are stable at $3 9 { - } 8 6 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { F }$ $( 4 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study at $5 0 \%$ . Control materials are not provided with the device. The labeling provides information on how to obtain control materials.

# d. Cut-off

A total of 150 samples equally distributed at concentrations of $- 5 0 \%$ cut-off; $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off; cut-off; $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off; $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off were tested using three different lots of each device by three different operators. Results were all positive at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off and all negative at and below $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off for Buprenorphine. The following cut-off value for the test devices have been verified.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Sign® Drug of AbuseBuprenorphine Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr></table>

e. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and to urine containing target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above cut-off levels. These urine samples were tested using three lots of each device for all formats.

Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized in the following tables. There were no differences observed for different formats.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Acetamidophenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone-3-sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl-p-aminobenzoate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3- diphenylpyrrolidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine hydrochloride</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxyamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trans-2-phenylcyclopropylamine hydrochloride</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxy-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisolone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Iprazid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) - Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) - Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butalbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinacrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">() Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaethylene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-β-Dglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone3-(β-D-glucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolbutamide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tryptamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(L) - Epinephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

# f. Specificity

To test the specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in urine samples were tested using three lots of each device for all formats. The obtained lowest detectable concentration was used to calculate the cross-reactivity. There were no differences observed for different formats.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BuprenorphineCut-off=10 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 10 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine -3-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 15 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 40 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine-3-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr></table>

# g. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples with a range of 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with a range of $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above cut-off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of each device for all formats. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off and all negative for samples at and below $- 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off. There were no differences observed for different formats.

# h. Comparison Studies

The method comparison studies for the First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Test was performed in-house with three different laboratory assistants for each format of the device. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples. The samples were blind labeled and compared to GC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below:

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip Cardformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL) Dipcard FormatResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL) Dipcard FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2014122568</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2014122575</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2014122505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2014122327</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2014122561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cupformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC/MS (ng/mL)Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2014122575</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2014122764</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2014122561</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2014122568</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2014122505</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr></table>

i. Lay-user study

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 280 lay persons testing the Buprenorphine devices. A total of 142 females and 138 males tested the Buprenorphine samples. They had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 21 to $> 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; negative, $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drugs into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by GC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. The results are summarized below.

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Buprenorphine DipCard)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BuprenorphineConcentration by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Buprenorphine Cup)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BuprenorphineConcentration by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

j. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Test

Analytical Performance a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of - $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut-off, - $. 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off, at the cut-off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut-off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off. These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative urine samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by GC/MS. All sample aliquots were blind-labeled and randomized by the person who prepared samples and did not take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days by three different operators for each format of devices. Different set of operators tested each format. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables:

Butalbital Dip Card Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-/46+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

Butalbital Cup Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity Not applicable.

c. Stability

The devices are stable at $3 9 { - } 8 6 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { F }$ $( 4 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study at $5 0 \%$ . Control materials are not provided with the device. The labeling provides information on how to obtain control materials.

d. Cut-off

A total of 150 samples equally distributed at concentrations of - $- 5 0 \%$ cut-off; $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off; cut-off; $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off; $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off were tested using three different lots of each device by three different operators. Results were all positive at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off and all negative at and below $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off for Butalbital. The following cut-off value for the test devices have been verified.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Sign® Drug of Abuse ButalbitalTest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr></table>

e. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and to urine containing target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above cut-off levels. These urine samples were tested using three lots of each device for all formats.

Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized in the following tables. There were no differences observed for different formats.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone-3-sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Octopamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl-p-aminobenzoate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitryptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxyamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Phenylethlamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisolone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Propanolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Phenylephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-β-D glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-3,4-Methylenedioxy-amphetamine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thebaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine Sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tryptamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D, L-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methylester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(IR,2S)(-)Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3- diphenylpyrrolidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

# f. Specificity

To test the specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in urine samples were tested using three lots of each device for all formats. The obtained lowest detectable concentration was used to calculate the cross-reactivity. There were no differences observed for different formats.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ButalbitalCut-off=300 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 3000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alphenal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 250 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aprobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Allobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butabarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 1000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butethal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclopentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 1300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 1900 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16%</td></tr></table>

# g. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples with a range of 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with a range of $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above cut-off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of each device for all formats. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off and all negative for samples at and below $- 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off. There were no differences observed for different formats.

h. Comparison Studies The method comparison studies for the First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Test was performed in-house with three different laboratory assistants for each format of the device. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples. The samples were blind labeled and compared to GC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip Cardformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL)DipCard FormatResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL)DipCard FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94910807</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94910628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94910445</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>341</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cupformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL)Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94910807</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94910095</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>339</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94910628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94910808</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

i. Lay-user study

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 280 lay persons testing the Butalbital devices. A total of 141 females and 139 males tested the Butalbital samples. They had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 21 to $> 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; negative, $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drugs into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by GC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. The results are summarized below.

# Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Butalbital DipCard)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The percentage</td></tr></table>

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Butalbital Cup)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ofsamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>of correctresults(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>547</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Butalbital Concentrationby GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correctresults(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>547</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

# j. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Test

Analytical Performance a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of - $. 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut-off, - $. 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off, at the cut-off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut-off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off. These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative urine samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by GC/MS. All sample aliquots were blind-labeled and randomized by the person who prepared samples and did not take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days by three different operators for each format of devices. Different set of operators tested each format. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables:

Morphine Dip Card Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-/49+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

Morphine Cup Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity

Not applicable.

c. Stability

The devices are stable at $3 9 { - } 8 6 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { F }$ $( 4 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study at $5 0 \%$ . Control materials are not provided with the device. The labeling provides information on how to obtain control materials.

d. Cut-off

A total of 150 samples equally distributed at concentrations of $- 5 0 \%$ cut-off; $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off; cut-off; $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off; $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off were tested using three different lots of each device by three different operators. Results were all positive at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off and all negative at and below $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off for Morphine. The following cut-off value for the test devices have been verified.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Sign® Drug of Abuse MorphineTest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr></table>

e. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and to urine containing target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above cut-off levels. These urine samples were tested using three lots of each device for all formats.

Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized in the following tables. There were no differences observed for different formats.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acebutolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methylester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxymethamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetopromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Y Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Acetamidophenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone-3-sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl-p-aminobenzoate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitryptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Phenylethlamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Phenyllethylamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisolone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Iprazid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) -Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Propanolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butalbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin(5-Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+)3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone3(5-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D, L-Thyroxine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolbutamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tryptamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D, L-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3- diphenylpyrrolidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

# f. Specificity

To test the specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in urine samples were tested using three lots of each device for all formats. The obtained lowest detectable concentration was used to calculate the cross-reactivity. There were no differences observed for different formats.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MorphineCut-off=300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 750 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3- β-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 450 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EthylMorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 700 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 4000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 2000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 12000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thebaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 90000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr></table>

g. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathrm { p H } .$ , urine samples with a range of 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with a range of $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above cut-off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of each device for all formats. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off and all negative for samples at and below $- 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off. There were no differences observed for different formats.

# h. Comparison Studies

The method comparison studies for the First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Test was performed in-house with three different laboratory assistants for each format of the device. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples. The samples were blind labeled and compared to GC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>DipCardformat</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive by</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HighPositive by</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negativeby GC/MS</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative byGC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Between-50% and</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Betweenthe cut-off</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(greaterthan+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>and +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL) DipCard FormatResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL) DipCard FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911987</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>338</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911597</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911253</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Cupformat</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive by</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HighPositive by</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negativeby GC/MS</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Negative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(greaterthan+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL)Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

i. Lay-user study

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 280 lay persons testing the Morphine devices. A total of 143 females and 137 males tested the Morphine samples. They had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 21 to $> 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; negative, $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drugs into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by GC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. The results are summarized below.

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Morphine DipCard)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Morphine Concentrationby GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>379</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>516</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results (Morphine Cup)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Morphine Concentrationby GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>379</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>516</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

# j. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# 11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity and method comparison of the devices, it’s concluded that the First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Buprenorphine Test and First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Butalbital Test and First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Morphine Test are substantially equivalent to the predicate.