CHEMTRON BIOTECH, INC. JANE ZHANG DIRECTOR OF QA/RA 9245 BROWN DEER ROAD SAN DIEGO CA 92121

Re: K153192 Trade/Device Name: Chemtrue Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card/Cup Tests, Chemtrue Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card/Cup with OPI 2000 Tests Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG, JXN, DKZ, LFG, DIO, LDJ, DNK, LAF, LCM, JXM, DIS, DJC, DJR Dated: April 1, 2016 Received: April 4, 2016

Dear Ms. Zhang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k153192

Device Name Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Cup with OPI 2000 Tests

Indications for Use (Describe) The CheuulanD cee upTst e pateals he ulatvte Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, Buprenorphine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine, Ecstasy, Methadone, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene and TricyclicAntidepressants (TCA) drugs inhun urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>300</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>500</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>200</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>200</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>150</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,l-Methylenedioxy methamphetamine</td><td>500</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MAMP</td><td></td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>300</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MAMP</td><td></td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>500</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MAMP</td><td></td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>THC</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td>50</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>MTD</td><td>Methadone</td><td>300</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Opiates</td><td>OPI</td><td>Morphine</td><td>2000</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY</td><td>Oxycodone</td><td>100</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>PCP</td><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>25</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>PPX</td><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>300</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td><td></td></tr></table>

Tu cilcu naly e vThe t  tnnvThe (OTC) use.

confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Sy Ce preeayetCct roesialu be applied to any drugs ofabuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

T Bupreorphine, Oxycodone, Propoyphene and TricycliAntiepressants. There are oniforly recognizdcu concentration levels for these drugs in urine.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden teor hicolectionnoation s tate veraghours pe en icud time o eviwinstructions, search existing dat sources, gather andmaintain the data needed and coplet and review the colection information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Number (if known) k153192

Device Name Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card Tests

Indications for Use (Describe) TheChemtrue Dru Screen Dip CardTests arerapid lateral fowmmuossys or he qualitative detetin Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, Buprenorphine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine, Ecstasy, Methadone, Oxycodone, ropoxyphene nd TricyclicAntidepressants TCA)drug inhu urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>150</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,1-Methylenedioxy</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MAMP</td><td></td><td>methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MAMP</td><td></td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MAMP</td><td></td><td>d-Methamphetamine 11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana Methadone</td><td>THC</td><td>Methadone</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>MTD</td><td>Morphine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine</td><td>MOR</td><td></td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY PCP</td><td>Oxycodone Phencyclidine</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine Propoxyphene</td><td>PPX</td><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>25 300</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr></table>

u c il  nal  T  in vTh (OTC) use.

T confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass S C preyC oesalu b applied to any drugs oabuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results areindicated

Buprenorphine, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene and TricyclicAntidepressants. There areouniformly recognizedcu concentration levels for these drugs in urine.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden tie o hcolectionnormation state averageours pe eonse,cud time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the dat needed and complet and review the colection f information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Number (if known) k153192

Device Name Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card with OPI 2000 Tests

Indications for Use (Describe) The Chemtrue® Dru Screen ip CardTests are rapid lateral owimmoassays r the qualitative ten Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, Buprenorphine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine, Ecstasy, Methadone, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene and TricyclicAntiepressants TCA) drug inu urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>150</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,l-Methylenedioxy</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MAMP</td><td></td><td>methamphetamine d-Methamphetamine</td><td>500 300</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MAMP</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MAMP</td><td></td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>THC</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>MTD</td><td>Methadone</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Opiates</td><td>OPI</td><td>Morphine</td><td>2000</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY</td><td>Oxycodone</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>PCP</td><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>25</td></tr><tr><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>PPX.</td><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr></table>

on il c e na  vTe t   tn nvThe (OTC) use.

confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Ci sialu be applied toany drugs o abuse test result, particulary when preliminary positive results are indicated.

Buprenorphine, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene and TricyclicAntidepressants.There are o uniformly recognizedcuof concentration levels for these drugs in urine.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Theburden timeorhicollection  inomation is stmated averagehours per eponse, iclud e time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection f information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Device Name Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Cup Tests

Indications for Use (Describe) T CheuMlaneD ree upTte pi ates he ulv t Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, Buprenorphine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine,Ecstasy, Methadone, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene and TricyclicAntidepressants TCA) drugs ihuan urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>150</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,1-Methylenedioxy</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MAMP</td><td></td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MAMP</td><td></td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MAMP</td><td></td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>THC</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>MTD</td><td>Methadone</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine</td><td>MOR</td><td>Morphine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY</td><td>Oxycodone Phencyclidine</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine Propoxyphene</td><td>PCP PPX</td><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>25 300</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr></table>

Tu con ilcu pe naly per vTette  tin n OvThe(OTC) use.

i confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass S yCposlu be applied to any drugs o abuse test result, particulary when preliminary positive results are indicated.

T Bupreorphine, Oxycodone, Propoyphene and TricyclicAntiepressants. There areouniformly recognizedcu concentration levels for these drugs in urine.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time orhicllectionomation stmate averagehours per eponse,nclud e time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and copet and review the colection information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Heaith and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

AS REQUIRED BY 21 CFR 807.92(c)

A. SUBMITTER: Chemtron Biotech, Inc. 9245 Brown Deer Road, Suite B, San Diego, CA 92121. TEL: 858-450-0044; FAX: 858-450-0046 Contact Person: Jane Zhang, Director of QA/RA Official FDA Correspondent 9245 Brown Deer Road, Suite B San Diego, CA 92121 Office: (858) 450-0044; FAX: (858) 450-0046 Email: jane@uschemtronbio.com Date Prepared: April 12, 2016

B. DEVICE Trade or Proprietary Name: Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Cup Tests, Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Cup with OPI2000 Tests, Chemtrue® Drug Screen Dip Card Tests, Chemtrue® Drug Screen Dip Card with OPI2000 Tests Common Name: Single/Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel

Regulatory Class: Class II Regulatory Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug of Abuse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR 862.3100, Amphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3170, Benzodiazepines Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barbiturates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3150, Barbiturates Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3250, Cocaine and metabolites Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3610, Methamphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3700 Propoxyphene test system</td></tr></table>

These devices also incorporate the assays previously cleared under 510(k) numbers k142396 and k143599, which consist of any combinations of the following drug tests:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug of Abuse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR 862.3650, Opiate Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecstasy (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3610, Methamphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3620, Methadone Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNK</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3640, Morphine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3650, Opiate Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3650, Opiate Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unclassified, Enzyme immunoassay Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3870, Cannabinoids Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology 91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3910, Tricyclic antidepressantdrugs test system.</td></tr></table>

# C.PREDICATE DEVICES

C-1. k061718: Innovacon Spectrum II Test Card with Integrated Cups, applicant: Innovacon Laboratories, Inc.   
C-2. k10329: QuickScreenTM Test. The applicant: Phamatech, Inc.   
C-3. k060896: ONSite CupKitTM. The applicant: Variance, Inc.

# D. INDICATIONS FOR USE:

# Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Cup with OPI 2000 Tests

The Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Cup Tests are rapid lateral flow immunoassays for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, Buprenorphine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine, Ecstasy, Methadone, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene and Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCA) drugs in human urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>150</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,1-Methylenedioxy</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MET</td><td></td><td>methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td></td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MET</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>MET THC</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>MTD</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH Methadone</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>Opiates</td><td>OPI</td><td></td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY</td><td>Morphine</td><td>2000</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>PCP</td><td>Oxycodone Phencyclidine</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>PPX</td><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>25</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic</td><td></td><td></td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr></table>

The multi test panels can consist of up to fourteen (14) of the above listed analytes in any combination. Only one cutoff concentration will be included per analyte per device. The tests are intended for prescription and Over-The-Counter (OTC) use.

The tests provide only a preliminary result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

The tests are not intended to differentiate between drugs of abuse and prescription use of Benzodiazepines, Barbiturates, Buprenorphine, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene and Tricyclic Antidepressants. There are no uniformly recognized cut-off concentration levels for these drugs in urine.

# Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Cup Tests

The Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Cup Tests are rapid lateral flow immunoassays for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, Buprenorphine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine, Ecstasy, Methadone, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene and Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCA) drugs in human urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>150</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,1-Methylenedioxy</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MET</td><td></td><td>methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td></td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MET</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>MET THC</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>MTD</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine</td><td>MOR</td><td>Methadone Morphine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY</td><td></td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>PCP</td><td>Oxycodone Phencyclidine</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>PPX</td><td></td><td>25</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic</td><td></td><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr></table>

The multi test panels can consist of up to fourteen (14) of the above listed analytes in any combination. Only one cutoff concentration will be included per analyte per device. The tests are intended for prescription and Over-The-Counter (OTC) use.

The tests provide only a preliminary result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

The tests are not intended to differentiate between drugs of abuse and prescription use of Benzodiazepines, Barbiturates, Buprenorphine, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene and Tricyclic Antidepressants. There are no uniformly recognized cut-off concentration levels for these drugs in urine.

# Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card with OPI2000 Tests

The Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card Tests are rapid lateral flow immunoassays for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, Buprenorphine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine, Ecstasy, Methadone, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene and Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCA) drugs in human urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>150</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,1-Methylenedioxy methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MET</td><td></td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MET</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MET</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>THC</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>MTD</td><td>Methadone</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Opiates</td><td>OPI</td><td>Morphine</td><td>2000</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY</td><td>Oxycodone</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>PCP</td><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>25</td></tr><tr><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>PPX</td><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr></table>

The multi test panels can consist of up to fourteen (14) of the above listed analytes in any combination. Only one cutoff concentration will be included per analyte per device. The tests are intended for prescription and Over-The-Counter (OTC) use.

The tests provide only a preliminary result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

The tests are not intended to differentiate between drugs of abuse and prescription use of Benzodiazepines, Barbiturates, Buprenorphine, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene and Tricyclic

Antidepressants. There are no uniformly recognized cut-off concentration levels for these drugs in urine.

# Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card Tests

The Chemtrue® Multi-Panel Drug Screen Cup Tests are rapid lateral flow immunoassays for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, Buprenorphine, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine, Ecstasy, Methadone, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene and Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCA) drugs in human urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Abbreviation</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cutoff Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>AMP</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Barbiturates</td><td>BAR</td><td>Secobarbital/Pentobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>200</td></tr><tr><td>Benzodiazepines</td><td>BZO</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>BUP</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>150</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>COC</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Ecstasy</td><td>MDMA</td><td>d,1-Methylenedioxy</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine MET</td><td></td><td>methamphetamine d-Methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MET</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>MET</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>THC</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>MTD</td><td>Methadone</td><td>50 300</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine</td><td>MOR</td><td>Morphine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>OXY</td><td>Oxycodone</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>PCP</td><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>25</td></tr><tr><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>PPX</td><td>Propoxyphene</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Tricyclic</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Antidepressants</td><td>TCA</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr></table>

The multi test panels can consist of up to fourteen (14) of the above listed analytes in any combination. Only one cutoff concentration will be included per analyte per device. The tests are intended for prescription and Over-The-Counter (OTC) use.

The tests provide only a preliminary result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed assay result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

The tests are not intended to differentiate between drugs of abuse and prescription use of Benzodiazepines, Barbiturates, Buprenorphine, Oxycodone, Propoxyphene and Tricyclic Antidepressants. There are no uniformly recognized cut-off concentration levels for these drugs in urine.

# E. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Chemtrue® Drug Screen Tests are colloidal gold based lateral flow immunoassays for the rapid, qualitative detection of drugs of abuse in human urine. The tests are single-use, in vitro diagnostic devices, which come in Dip Card or Cup formats, as indicated by the test name.

# F. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION:

Comparison with the predicate devices is outlined below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices(k061718, k103295 and k060896)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s) for use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For qualitative detection of drugs of abuse inhuman urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology/TechnologicalCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral flow, competitive binding immunoassaybased on the principle of antigen and antibodyimmunochemistry.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut Off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene - SameCocaine - 150Amphetamine  500 / 300Methamphetamine  500 / 300Methamphetamine  SameBarbiturates - SameBenzodiazepines  SameMethamphetamine 300  Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K061718Propoxyphene - 300Cocaine - 150 /300Amphetamine - 300 /1000Methamphetamine  500 /1000k103295Methamphetamine  500Barbiturates - 200Benzodiazepines  200K060896Methamphetamine  300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip Card and Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K061718Dip Card and CupK103295Dipcard and CassetteK060896Cup Only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription / OTC Use</td></tr></table>

# G. TEST PRINCIPLE

These devices are rapid lateral flow immunoassays in which chemically modified drugs (drugprotein conjugates) compete with drugs that may be present in urine. On each test strip, a drugprotein conjugate is striped on the test band of the membrane - known as the test region (T) and the anti-drug antibody-colloidal gold conjugate pads are placed at the forward end of the

membrane. If target drugs are present in the urine specimen below its cut-off concentration, the solution of the colored antibody-colloidal gold conjugates moves along with the sample solution by capillary action across the membrane to the immobilized drug-protein conjugate zone on the test band region. The colored antibody-gold conjugates then complexes with the drug-protein conjugates to form visible lines. Therefore, the formation of the visible precipitant in the test band indicates a negative result. If the target drug level exceeds its cut-off concentration, the drug/metabolite antigen competes with drug-protein conjugates on the test band region for the limited antibody on the colored drug antibody-colloidal gold conjugate pad. The drug will saturate the limited antibody binding sites and the colored antibody-colloidal gold conjugate cannot bind to the drug-protein conjugate at the test region of the test strip. Therefore, absence of the color band on the test region indicates a preliminary positive result.

A band should form in the control region (C) of the devices regardless of the presence of drug in the sample to indicate that the test has been performed properly.

Monoclonal anti-drug antibodies are used on the AMP/ BAR/COC/MET/PPX Test devices which are derived from mouse. The polyclonal and monoclonal anti-drug antibodies which are used on BZO Test devices are derived from sheep/mouse.

# H. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

Performance data is only provided for AMP300/500, BAR200/BZO200, COC150, MET300/500 and PPX as the new analytes in this submission. AMP1000, BAR3000, BZO300, BUP, COC300, MET1000, MOR, PCP, THC, MDMA, MTD, OPI2000, OXY and TCA analytes were previously cleared under k143599 and k142396.

# 1. Reproducibility (Precision) Studies:

The precision study was conducted by three (3) Operators with three (3) lots in replicates of 10 devices/lot of each device format at each concentration level of Negative, $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ , cut-off, $12 5 \%$ and $1 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff which are GC/MS confirmed drug spiked urine controls. The study was conducted over a ten (10) nonconsecutive days. The samples were blind coded according to a random table and randomly distributed to three operators by the research coordinator. The data is analyzed and summarized in the tables below:

Table 1a. AMP Dip Card Test: Cutoff: $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1b. AMP Dip Card Test: Cutoff: $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr></table>

Table 1c. BAR Dip Card Test: Cutoff: 200 ng/mL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1d. BZO Dip Card Test: Cutoff: $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1e. COC Dip Card Test: Cutoff: $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1f. MET Dip Card Test: Cutoff: 300 ng/mL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1g. MET Dip Card Test: Cutoff: $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$

Table 1h. Propoxyphene Dip Card Test: Cutoff: $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1i. AMP Cup Test: Cutoff: $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1j. AMP Cup Test: Cutoff: $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1k. BAR Cup Test: Cutoff: $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr></table>

Table 1l. BZO Cup Test: Cutoff: $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1n. MET Cup Test: Cutoff: $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 1m. COC Cup Test: Cutoff: $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$

Table 1o. MET Cup Test: Cutoff: $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2">Table 1p. Propoxyphene Cup Test: Cutoff: 300 ng/mL Concentration Level</td><td rowspan="2">n</td></tr><tr><td>TOTAL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

2. Specificity Study: These studies were conducted by adding various drugs, drug metabolites, and other structurally-similar compounds likely to be present in the actual urine specimen. The following structurally-related compounds were tested for cross-reactivity and found to be positive if the levels were greater than the following listed concentrations:

Amphetamine 500 related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(d,1)-(MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Phenylpropanolamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylethlylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr></table>

Amphetamine 300 related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr></table>

Barbiturates 200 related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(d,1)-(MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Phenylpropanolamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylethlylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alphenal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aprobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butabarbital Butisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclopentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7</td></tr></table>

Benzodiazepines 200 related compounds:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bromazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clobazam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clorazepate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desalkylflurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lorazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lormetazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Midazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordiazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7</td></tr></table>

Cocaine 150 related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine Hcl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;15,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine Methylester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;15,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylethylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-(MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-MDEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr></table>

Methamphetamine 500 related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylethylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-(MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-MDEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td></tr></table>

Propoxyphene 300 related compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norpropoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

3. Interference:

One hundred and three (103) potential interferents were tested with one lot each of the test device format. It was found not to cross-react when tested at concentrations of $1 0 0 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the drug cut-off concentrations.

Table 3. The following compounds do not interfere with the tests:

Endogenous Compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td></tr></table>

# Non-structurally related compound:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5, 5-Diphenylhydantoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Octopamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Erythromycin,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estradiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estrone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R-(-)-Apomorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenofibrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspirin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspartame</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fotemustine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baclofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gemfibrozil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guaiacolglyceryl ether</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentisic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pyridoxine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carisoprodol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydralazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pyrilamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloramphenicol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pyrogallol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Chlorpheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinolinic Acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clofibrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meprobamate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methapyrilene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylphenidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalidixic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatine Hydrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclodextrin-r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyproheptadine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Niacinamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deoxycorticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotinic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nifedipine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diclofenac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-Norethindrone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tryptamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diflunisal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norpropoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Dimethyl-aminoantipyrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noscapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zomepirac sodium salt</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Additional interference study: In addition to the cross-reactivity and interference studies presented in this submission, the drug tests were tested with each of all the drug analytes at $1 5 0 \%$ and $50 \%$ of the drug cut-off urine samples. The results confirmed that the no interference or crossreactivity among these drug tests and the Chemtrue® Drug Screen Tests are safe and equivalent to the similar test devices that were FDA cleared.

4. Effect of Urine $\mathsf { p H }$ and Specific Gravity Studies: The testing results demonstrate that the urine pH ranges from 2.0 to 9.0 at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the drug cut-off concentrations do not affect the test performance. The specific gravity (SG) ranges of 1.001, 1.010, 1.015, 1.020, 1.025 and 1.030 at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the drug cut-off concentrations do not affect the test results.

5. Stability Study: To establish and support the shelf life and expiration date, stability studies were conducted under accelerated temperature (at $6 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and $4 0 ^ { \mathrm { { o } } } \mathrm { { C } }$ ), and real time $2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ to $3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ) with three (3) lots of each device format. The stability study results support two (2) years shelf-life of the products at $2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ to $3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ). The real time stability study is still on going.

# 6. Method Comparison (Accuracy) Studies:

Chemtrue® DOA Low Cutoff with PPX Drug Screen Tests were compared to the GC/MS Reference Method. The accuracy of the Chemtrue® Test devices were evaluated against the confirmed GC/MS values in this blind-labeled clinical specimen correlation study (On average of 85 clinical specimens for each drug test and a total of 685 samples were tested). Three operators performed the testing. Each blind-labeled sample was randomly distributed to each operator by the Clinical Research Cooperator. The results are summarized in the tables below:

# 6-1. Test Result Summary:

able 6a. Method comparison study summary: Chemtrue® Drug Screen Dip Card Test results vs GC/MS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Drug ScreenDip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Concentration By GC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(+)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No drugpresent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near cutoffnegative(50% of the C/O to cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near cutoff positive(Cutoff to 150% of theC/O)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Positive(&gt;150% of the cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP300(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR200(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZO200(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>()</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC150(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET300(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>()</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPX   (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP500(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 6b. Method comparison study summary - Chemtrue® Drug Screen Cup Test results vs GC/MS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET500 (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ChemtrueRDrug ScreenCup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Concentration By GC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(+)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No drugpresent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near cutoffnegative(75% of the C/O to cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near cutoff positive(Cutoff to 125% of theC/O)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Positive(≥150% of the cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP300(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR200(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZO200(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC150(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>()</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET300(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPX   (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP500(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET500(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# 6-2. DISCORDANT RESULTS: Table 6c. Dip Card Tests:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cutoff Value (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte assay(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Drug/Metabolite GC/MS value (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Value (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine 300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>296</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine 500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>494</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barbiturates 200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td></tr></table>

Table 6d. Cup Tests:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cutoff Value (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte assay(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Drug/Metabolite GC/MS value (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Value (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine 300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>229</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine 500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine 500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>441</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine 300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>296</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barbiturates 200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td></tr></table>

All these eight (8) discordant results were confirmed at the drug cutoff level with the GC/MS concentrations.

# 7. OTC Lay-user Accuracy Studies:

One hundred (130) intended lay-users participated in the evaluation for each of the device format (Dip Card and Cup) for OTC accuracy and usability study from three (3) intended user sites with

GC/MS confirmed urine samples. The sample concentrations are consisted of negative (0), $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ , $12 5 \%$ , $1 5 0 \%$ and $20 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drugs into drug-free urine pool. Each sample was aliquot into an individual blind-labeled container. Each lay-user was provided with a package insert in English only and up to two (2) random blind labeled samples with the tests of each device format. The results are summarized below:

Table 7a. OTC Accuracy study summary between the Chemtrue® Dip Card Tests and the GC/MS values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Chemtrue®Drug Screen DipCard Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Concentrations By GC/MS (mL)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(+)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50% ofthe C/O</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MSNegative(50% of the C/O)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near cutoffnegative(75% of the C/O)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near cutoffpositive(C/O to 125% of the C/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(≥150% of thec/0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP500 (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR200 (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZO200 (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC150(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET500(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPX      (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP 300 (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET 300(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%</td></tr></table>

Table 7b. OTC Accuracy study summary between the Chemtrue® Cup Tests and the GC/MS values   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Chemtrue®Drug Screen CupTest</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Concentrations By GC/MS (mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">(+)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 50% ofthe C/O</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC/MSNegative(50% of the C/O)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near cutoffnegative(75% of the C/O)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near cutoffpositive(C/0 to 125% of the C/O)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive(≥150% of thec/0)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP500 (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BAR200 (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">194</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BZO200(+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">184</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COC150(+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">182</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MET500(+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPX      (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">185</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP 300 (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MET 300 (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

The results demonstrate that the agreement between the Chemtrue® Drug Screen test device and GC/MS values is $. \geq 9 9 \%$ .

These lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. The results demonstrate that $\geq 9 6 \%$ of the lay users can easily follow the instructions to perform the test and interpret the results. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis supports a $7 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ grade reading level.

# I. CONCLUSION:

Based on the test principle and performance characteristics of the proposed device, it is concluded that the candidate devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.