GUANGZHOU WONDFO BIOTECH CO., LTD. C/O JOE SHIA   
504 E DIAMOND AVE., SUITE I   
GAITHERSBURG MD 20877

Re: k161214 Trade/Device Name: Wondfo Amphetamine Urine Test AMP 500 (Cup, Dipcard), Wondfo Cocaine Urine Test COC 150(Cup, Dipcard), Wondfo Methamphetamine Urine Test MET 500 (Cup, Dipcard) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3250 Regulation Name: Cocaine and cocaine metabolite test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DIO, DKZ, DJC Dated: April 21, 2016 Received: April 29, 2016

Dear Mr. Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known) k161214

Device Name Wondfo Amphetamine Urine Test AMP 500 (Cup, DipCard) Wondfo Cocaine Urine Test COC 150 (Cup, DipCard) Wondfo Methamphetamine Urine Test MET 500 (Cup, DipCard)

Indications for Use (Describe)

Wondfo Amphetamine Urine Test AMP $5 0 0 \mathrm { C u p }$ is an immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative determination of Amphetamine in human urine at a Cut-Off concentration of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . This test is calibrated to d-Amphetamine (calibrator).

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. For in vitro diagnostic use only. This test is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) consumer use as the first step in a twostep process to provide consumers with information concerning the presence or absence of the above stated drugs or their metabolites in a urine sample. Information regarding confirmatory testing- the second step in the process, is provided in the package labeling.

Wondfo Amphetamine Urine Test AMP 500 DipCard is an immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative determination of Amphetamine in human urine at a Cut-Off concentration of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . This test is calibrated to d-Amphetamine (calibrator).

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. For in vitro diagnostic use only. This test is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) consumer use as the first step in a twostep process to provide consumers with information concerning the presence or absence of the above stated drugs or their metabolites in a urine sample. Information regarding confirmatory testing- the second step in the process, is provided in the package labeling.

Wondfo Cocaine Urine Test COC 150 Cup is an immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative determination of Benzoylecgonine in human urine at a Cut-Off concentration of $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . This test is calibrated to Benzoylecgonine (calibrator).

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professiona judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. This test is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) consumer use as the first step in a twostep process to provide consumers with information concerning the presence or absence of the above stated drugs or their metabolites in a urine sample. Information regarding confirmatory testing- the second step in the process, is provided in the package labeling.

Wondfo Cocaine Urine Test COC 150 DipCard is an immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative determination of Benzoylecgonine in human urine at a Cut-Off concentration of $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . This test is calibrated to Benzoylecgonine (calibrator).

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. For in vitro diagnostic use only. This test is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) consumer use as the first step in a twostep process to provide consumers with information concerning the presence or absence of the above stated drugs or their metabolites in a urine sample. Information regarding confirmatory testing- the second step in the process, is provided in the package labeling.

Wondfo Methamphetamine Urine Test MET 500 Cup is an immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative determination of Methamphetamine in human urine at a Cut-Off concentration of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . This test is calibrated to d-Methamphetamine (calibrator).

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. For in vitro diagnostic use only. This test is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) consumer use as the first step in a twostep process to provide consumers with information concerning the presence or absence of the above stated drugs or their metabolites in a urine sample. Information regarding confirmatory testing- the second step in the process, is provided in the package labeling.

Wondfo Amphetamine Urine Test MET 500 DipCard is an immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative determination of Methamphetamine in human urine at a Cut-Off concentration of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . This test is calibrated to d-Methamphetamine (calibrator).

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professiona judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. This test is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) consumer use as the first step in a twostep process to provide consumers with information concerning the presence or absence of the above stated drugs or their metabolites in a urine sample. Information regarding confirmatory testing- the second step in the process, is provided in the package labeling.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

1. Date:

June 8, 2016

2. Submitter:

Wondfo Biotech Co., Ltd. South China University of Technology Guangzhou, P.R. China 510641

3. Contact person:

Joe Shia   
LSI International Inc.   
504 East Diamond Ave., Suite I Gaithersburg, MD 20877   
Telephone: 240-505-7880   
Fax: 301-916-6213   
Email:shiajl@yahoo.com

4. Device Name:

# WONDFO Urine Test Amphetamine (Cup, DipCard) WONDFO Urine Test Cocaine (Cup, DipCard) WONDFO Urine Test Methamphetamine (Cup, DipCard)

Classification: Class II   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3250 Cocaine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3100 Amphetamine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3610 Methamphetamine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices:

K122809 Advin Multi-Drug Screen Test

6. Intended Use

WONDFO Urine Test Amphetamine Cup is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ . This test is calibrated to d-Amphetamine (calibrator).

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. This test is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) consumer use as the first step in a two-step process to provide consumers with information concerning the presence or absence of the above stated drugs or their metabolites in a urine sample. Information regarding confirmatory testing- the second step in the process, is provided in the package labeling.

WONDFO Urine Test Amphetamine DipCard is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ . This test is calibrated to d-Amphetamine (calibrator).

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. This test is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) consumer use as the first step in a two-step process to provide consumers with information concerning the presence or absence of the above stated drugs or their metabolites in a urine sample. Information regarding confirmatory testing- the second step in the process, is provided in the package labeling.

WONDFO Urine Test Cocaine Cup is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Benzoylecgonine in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $1 5 0 \mathrm { \ n g / m l }$ . This test is calibrated to Benzoylecgonine (calibrator).

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. This test is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) consumer use as the first step in a two-step process to provide consumers with information concerning the presence or absence of the above stated drugs or their metabolites in a urine sample. Information regarding confirmatory testing- the second step in the process, is provided in the package labeling.

WONDFO Urine Test Cocaine DipCard is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Benzoylecgonine in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m l }$ . This test is calibrated to Benzoylecgonine (calibrator).

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. This test is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) consumer use as the first step in a two-step process to provide consumers with information concerning the presence or absence of the above stated drugs or their metabolites in a urine sample. Information regarding confirmatory testing- the second step in the process, is provided in the package labeling.

WONDFO Urine Test Methamphetamine Cup is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Methamphetamine in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . This test is calibrated to d-Methamphetamine (calibrator).

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. This test is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) consumer use as the first step in a two-step process to provide consumers with information concerning the presence or absence of the above stated drugs or their metabolites in a urine sample. Information regarding confirmatory testing- the second step in the process, is provided in the package labeling.

WONDFO Urine Test Methamphetamine DipCard is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Methamphetamine in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . This test is calibrated to d-Methamphetamine (calibrator).

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. This test is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) consumer use as the first step in a two-step process to provide consumers with information concerning the presence or absence of the above stated drugs or their metabolites in a urine sample. Information regarding confirmatory testing- the second step in the process, is provided in the package labeling.

# 7. Device Description

WONDFO Urine Test devices are immunochromatographic assays for cocaine, amphetamine and Methamphetamine. Each assay test is a lateral flow, one step system for the qualitative detection of Benzoylecgonine, or D-amphetamine or D-methamphetamine (target analyte) in human urine. The product is a single-use in vitro diagnostic device, which comes in the form of: DipCards, or Cups. It contains a Test Device (in one of the two formats), a package insert and a urine cup. Each test device is sealed with a desiccant in an aluminum pouch.

8. Substantial Equivalence Information A summary comparison of features of the WONDFO Urine Test and the predicate device is provided in Table 1, Table 2 & Table 3.

Table 1: Features Comparison of WONDFO Cocaine Test and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate -K122809</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination ofBenzoylecgonine in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Features Comparison of WONDFO Amphetamine Test and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate -K122809</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter and prescriptionuses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup, Dip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup, Dip Card,Cassette</td></tr></table>

Table 3: Features Comparison of WONDFO Methamphetamine Test and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate - K122809</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination ofD-amphetamine in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays basedon the principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter and prescriptionuses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup, Dip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup, Dip Card,Cassette</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate - K122809</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication(s)for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative determination ofD-methamphetamine in human urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays basedon the principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-Off Values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedPopulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For over-the-counter and prescriptionuses.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup, Dip Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup, Dip Card,Cassette</td></tr></table>

9. Test Principle

WONDFO Urine Tests are rapid tests for the qualitative detection of Benzoylecgonine, or D-amphetamine or D-methamphetamine in urine samples. Each assay test is a lateral flow chromatographic immunoassay. During testing, a urine specimen migrates upward by capillary action. If target drugs are present in the urine specimen below its cut-off concentration, it will not saturate the binding sites of its specific antibody (monoclonal mouse antibody) coated on the particles. The antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized drug-conjugate and a visible colored line will show up in the test line region. The colored line will not form in the test line region if the target drug level exceeds its cutoff-concentration because it will saturate all the binding sites of the antibody coated on the particles. A band should form in the control region of the devices regardless of the presence of drug or metabolite in the sample.

10.Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of - $. 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut-off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off, at the cut-off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut-off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off. These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by GC/MS. All sample aliquots were blinded labeled and randomized. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables:

Amphetamine (AMP) Dip Card Format   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultDrug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43+/7-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44+/6-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44+/6-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td></tr></table>

Amphetamine (AMP) Cup Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44+/6-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43+/7-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44+/6-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

Cocaine (COC) Dip Card Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43+/7-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44+/6-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43+/7-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

COC Cup Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44+/6-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43+/7-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43+/7-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

The Methamphetamine precision data was reported in K122961.

b. Linearity Not applicable, these are visually read devices.   
c. Stability

The devices are stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ $( 3 9 { - } 8 6 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { F } )$ for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study at $5 0 \%$ . Control materials are not provided with the device. The labeling provides information on how to obtain control materials.

d. Cut-off

A total of 150 samples equally distributed at concentrations of $- 5 0 \%$ cut-off; $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off; cut-off; $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off; $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off were tested using three different lots of each device by three different operators. Results were all positive at and above $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off and all negative at and below $- 5 0 \%$ cut-off for Amphetamine, Cocaine and Methamphetamine (K122961). The following cut-off values for the test devices have been verified.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WONDFO Urine Test AmphetamineCup (DipCard)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WONDFO Urine Test Cocaine Cup(DipCard)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecogonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WONDFO Urine TestMethamphetamine Cup (DipCard)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr></table>

e. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and target drugs urine with concentration at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above cut-off levels. These urine samples were tested using three batches of each device for all formats.

Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized in the following tables. There were no differences observed for different formats.

AMP   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Acetamidophenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Y Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone-3-sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitryptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl aminobenzoate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phetoin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisolone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Propanolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloroquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-Dglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Δ9-THC-COOH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thebaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Thyroxine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolbutamide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tryptamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D, L-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methylester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(IR,2S)-(-)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr></table>

COC   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone-3-sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl-p-aminobenzoate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitryptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Amphetamine Sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisolone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Iproniazid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) - Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) -Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) -Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloroquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) -3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylene-dioxymethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-β-D glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone3-(β-D glucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine Sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thebaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolbutamide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tryptamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methylester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) - Ψ-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr></table>

MET: The MET interference data was reported in K122961.

# f. Specificity

To test the specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in urine samples were tested using three batches of each device for all formats. The obtained lowest detectable concentration was used to calculate the cross-reactivity. There were no differences observed for different formats.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP(D- Amphetamine, Cut-off=500 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at 500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactivity100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L - Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D,L - Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxyamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine (MDE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-methylenedioxy-methamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC(Benzoylecogonine, Cut-off=150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at 150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactivity100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 375 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 6250 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 16000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 50000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MET(D- Methamphetamine, Cut-off=500 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultPositive at 500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reactivity100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-)3,4-Methylenedioxy-n-ethylamphetamine(MDEA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-) 3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d/1-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at10,000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 37,500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td></tr></table>

MET: Additional MET interference data was reported in K122961.

g. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathrm { p H } _ { \mathrm { \Omega } }$ , urine samples with of 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with $\mathsf { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above cut-off levels. These samples were tested using three batches of each device for all formats. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off and all negative for samples at and below $- 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off. There were no differences observed for different formats.

# 2. Comparison Studies

The method comparison studies for the WONDFO Urine Test (Amphetamine, Cocaine and Methamphetamine) were performed in-house with three different laboratory assistants for each format of the device. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples for each drug. The samples were blind labeled and compared to GC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below:

AMP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip Cardformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of AMP Dip Card   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC/MS Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dipcard FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP5062</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">480</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP5065</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">481</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP5062</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">480</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP5062</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">480</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP5218</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr></table>

AMP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cupformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of AMP Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP5062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP5065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>481</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP5062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP5062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP5065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>481</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip Cardformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of COC DipCard   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DipCard FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC1215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC1217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC1215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC1217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC1217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

COC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cupformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results of COC Cup

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC1215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC1215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC1215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC1217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC1217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

The Methamphetamine method comparison data was reported in K122961.

Lay-user study

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 280 lay persons testing the amphetamine devices, 280 lay persons testing the cocaine devices and 280 lay persons testing the Methamphetamine devices. They had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 21 to $> 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; negative, $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drugs into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by GC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. The results are summarized below.

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results AMP Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>d-AmphetamineConcentration by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>753.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>874.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results AMP Dip Card   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan="2">Number of samples</td><td rowspan="2">d-Amphetamine Concentration by GC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2">Lay person results</td><td rowspan="2">The percentage of correct results</td></tr><tr><td>No. of</td><td>No. of</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">126.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">248.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">377.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">625.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">753.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">874.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr></table>

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results COC Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BenzoylecgonineConcentration by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>259.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results COC Dip Card   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BenzoylecgonineConcentration by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>259.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results MET Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MethamphetamineConcentration by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr></table>

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results MET Dip Card   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>748.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>878.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MethamphetamineConcentration by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>748.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>878.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

# 3. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# 11.Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity and method comparison of the devices, it’s concluded that the WONDFO Urine Test devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate.