PSYCHEMEDICS CORPORATION   
VIRGINIA HILL   
VICE PRESIDENT, RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT   
5832 UPLANDER WAY   
CULVER CITY, CA 90230

Re: k163590 Trade/Device Name: Psychemedics Microplate EIA For Benzodiazepines in Hair Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3170 Regulation Name: Benzodiazepine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JXM Dated: August 15, 2017 Received: August 15, 2017

Dear Ms. Hill:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k163590

Device Name Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Benzodiazepines in Hair

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA For Benzodiazepines in Hair is an in vitro diagnostic device for the qualitative detection of benzodiazepines in hair. The assay is intended for use in workplace settings for the qualitative analysis of human head and body hair. The assay uses a cutoff calibrator of 1 ng oxazepam $\mathrm { { 1 0 ~ m g } }$ hair.

Psychemedics plans to perform this test at one site. Psychemedics has not performed an evaluation of reproducibility at different laboratories.

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA For Benzodiazepines in Hair provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Liquid Chromatography/Mass spectrometry/Mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) using deuterated internal standards in multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) mode is the confirmatory method used by Psychemedics Corporation. This confirmatory method uses a cutoff of $0 . 2 { \mathrm { n g } }$ of the identified benzodiazepine $\mathrm { { \Delta } ^ { \prime } 1 0 ~ m g }$ hair.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

The assigned 510(k) number is: k163590

# Submitted By:

Psychemedics Corporation

5832 Uplander Way Culver City, CA 90230 TEL: 310 216 7776 FAX: 310 216 6662

# Submission Contact:

Virginia Hill

# Date Prepared:

September 15, 2017

Device Trade Name:

Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Benzodiazepines in Hair

Common/Usual Name:

Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay

Predicate Device:

Orasure Benzodiazepine Intercept MICRO-PLATE EIA

Product Code:

JXM

Device Classification and Name:

21 CFR§862.3170, Benzodiazepine Test System, Class II

Intended Use:

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA For Benzodiazepines in Hair is an in vitro diagnostic device for the qualitative detection of benzodiazepines in hair. The assay is intended for use in workplace settings for the qualitative analysis of human head and body hair. The assay uses a cutoff calibrator of 1 ng oxazepam $/ 1 0 \mathrm { m g }$ hair.

Psychemedics plans to perform this test at one site. Psychemedics has not performed an evaluation of reproducibility at different laboratories.

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA For Benzodiazepines in Hair provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Liquid Chromatography/Mass spectrometry/Mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) using deuterated internal standards in multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) mode is the confirmatory method used by Psychemedics Corporation. This confirmatory method uses a cutoff of $0 . 2 { \mathrm { n g } }$ of the identified benzodiazepine /10 mg hair.

Psychemedics Corporation

# Assay Description:

The immunoassay consists of two parts; a pre-analytical hair treatment procedure (to convert the solid matrix of hair to a measurable liquid matrix) and the screening assay, the Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Benzodiazepines. The screening portion of the test system consists of microplate wells coated with Oxazepam conjugated to bovine serum albumin (BSA), the prepared hair sample, a cutoff calibrator added to the sample at a concentration of 1 ng Oxazepam $\mathrm { 1 0 ~ m g }$ hair, monoclonal mouse anti-Oxazepam antibody, goat anti-mouse secondary antibody conjugated to HRP (horseradish peroxidase), substrate [3, 3’, 5, 5’ tetramethylbenzidine (TMB)], HCl to acidify (and stop the reaction), and wash buffer for washing the plates. Absorbance in the wells is read with a microplate reader.

The confirmation assay consists of a AB Sciex API 3200 LC/MS/MS (Serial numbers AA24661109 and AA28841310) linked to two Shimazu LC-20AD Micro pumps and a Leap Technologies PAL autosampler.

# Sample Collection and Stability:

Psychemedics provides sample collection kits, which are recommended but not required for sample collection. A sample of hair should be cut as close as possible to the skin. The hair is placed in a V-shaped aluminum foil sample holder with the root end of the hair protruding beyond the slanted edge of the foil. The aluminum foil is crimped around the sample, securing the hair specimen firmly into place within the foil. The hair sample, crimped within the foil, is placed in a sample acquisition card envelope and the envelope is sealed with a tamper-evident seal. Hair specimens are kept at ambient temperature in a secure location until they are shipped without refrigeration to the laboratory. Stability of benzodiazepines in hair samples stored at room temperature has been shown to last for over one year. Benzodiazepines in samples shipped coast-to-coast twice were stable.

# Materials required:

Hair sample collection kit Liquid Handling Equipment, Microplate washer and reader AB Sciex API 3200 LC/MS/ MS (Serial numbers AA24661109 and AA28841310).

BSA-Oxazepam coated Microplate Cutoff Calibrator (.8 ng Oxazepam/37 uL) added to $8 \mathrm { m g }$ hair Controls (minus $50 \%$ of cutoff, and plus $100 \%$ of cutoff)

Primary antibody against Oxazepam and other benzodiazepines   
HRP-labeled secondary antibody directed against the primary   
antibody species   
Substrate TMB (tetramethylbenzidine)   
Acidic stop solution (2 N HCl)

# Comparison with Predicate:

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Proposed Device</td><td>Orasure OTI Benzodiazepine Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Indications/ Intended use</td><td>The Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Benzodiazepines is an enzyme immunoassay (EIA) for the preliminary qualitative detection of benzodiazepines in human head and body hair using an Oxazepam calibrator at 1 ng /10 mg hair cutoff for identifying benzodiazepine use. The Psychemedics Microplate EIA Benzodiazepine assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Liquid Chromatography / Mass spectrometry /Mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) using deuterated internal standards in multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) mode is the confirmatory method used by Psychemedics Corporation.</td><td>The OTI Benzodiazepine test is intended for use by clinical laboratories in the qualitative determination of benzodiazepines in oral fluid using a 1 ng/mL (Nordiazepam) cutoff. For in vitro diagnostic use. This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code</td><td></td><td>JXM</td></tr><tr><td>Measurand</td><td>JXM Benzodiazepines in Hair</td><td>Benzodiazepines in Oral Fluid</td></tr><tr><td>Test System</td><td>Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Benzodiazepines in Head and</td><td>Orasure OTI Benzodiazepine test</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Matrix</td><td>Body Hair Human Hair</td><td>Human oral fluid</td></tr><tr><td>Method of Measurement</td><td>Microplate reader, read at 450 nm</td><td>Microplate reader, read at 450 nm</td></tr><tr><td>Cutoff</td><td>1 ng Oxazepam/10 mg hair</td><td>1 ng/mL Nordiazepam</td></tr><tr><td>Type of Test</td><td>Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td>Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td>Extraction Method</td><td>Patented Digestion method</td><td>Not applicable</td></tr><tr><td>Confirmation Method</td><td>LC/MS/MS</td><td>GC/MS/MS</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Characteristics

Precision of the immunoassay screening method

Intra-Assay Precision was demonstrated by measuring nine concentrations of oxazepam (negative, $\pm 7 5 \%$ , $\pm 5 0 \%$ , $\pm 2 5 \%$ , cutoff, and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff) in replicates of 15 within a single run. Results are summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration relativeto cutoff (1 ng/10 mghair)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative / Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td></tr></table>

Inter-Assay Precision of the assay was evaluated by measuring nine concentrations of oxazepam (negative, $\pm 7 5 \%$ , $\pm 5 0 \%$ , $\pm 2 5 \%$ , cutoff, and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff) over the course of five days, in replicates of 15 per day. Results are summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration relativeto cutoff (1 ng/10 mghair)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive / Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43/32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td></tr></table>

Precision of the LC-MS/MS method

A study was performed to evaluate the precision of triplicate analyses of authentic (not spiked) benzodiazepine-positive samples. All six benzodiazepines measured with the confirmation method were included in the study. Each replicate measurement was made from a separate hair sample that was taken through the entire extraction process prior to analysis. Results for the six benzodiazepines measured by the LC-MS/MS assay are summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Rep 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6.477</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.941</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.408</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.802</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Rep 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6.713</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.886</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.702</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.746</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Rep 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5.711</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.189</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6.300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.246</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.524</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.475</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>8.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>11.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Lorazepam (ng/10 mg hair)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=2>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.555</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.536</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.341</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.643</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.375</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.591</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.333</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.596</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.565</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.350</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.044</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.022</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Diazepam (ng/10 mg hair)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.229</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>8.365</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.417</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4.642</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.77</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.235</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>8.443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.572</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.903</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>8.519</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.929</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.818</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>8.442</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4.107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.830</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.077</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.067</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>12.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>11.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>8.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Nordiazepam (ng/10 mg hair)</td><td rowspan=16 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>9.227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.884</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>9.928</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.725</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.226</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>10.258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.954</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.252</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>9.804</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.243</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.527</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Oxazepam (ng/10 mg hair)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.073</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.071</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.066</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.167</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.070</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.004</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>10.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5.15</td></tr></table>

Linearity of the LC-MS/MS method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Temazepam (ng/10 mg hair)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.342</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.136</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.327</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.139</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.132</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.136</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.59</td></tr></table>

The linearity of the confirmation method was evaluated by spiking each of the benzodiazepine analytes (Alprazolam, Lorazepam, Diazepam, Nordiazepam, Oxazepam, and Temazepam) into a negative hair digest matrix over the desired linear range of 0.05 to $2 0 . 0 \mathrm { n g / 1 0 \mathrm { m g } }$ hair. Eight concentrations within this range plus a zero concentration sample were evaluated. In order for the linear range to be considered validated, the following conditions needed to be met: the $\% \mathrm { C V }$ for each level tested must be $10 \%$ or less, the concentrations tested must quantitate within $\pm 1 5 \%$ of the target value, the correlation coefficient must be ${ > } 0 . 9 9 5$ , and the mean of the five replicates for each level must be within $\pm 1 5 \%$ of the predicted value based upon the linear regression line. All of these conditions were met, and the linear range of 0.05 to $2 0 . 0 \mathrm { n g / 1 0 \mathrm { m g } }$ hair was claimed.

Detection Limit of the LC-MS/MS method

A study was performed to determine the Lower limit of Quantitation (LLOQ) of the LC-MS/MS assay with acceptance criteria for analyte and blank response, and acceptable chromatography:

• The analyte response at the LLOQ should be at least five times the response compared to blank response.   
• Analyte peak (response) should be identifiable, discrete, and reproducible, and the concentrations measured should have precision that does not exceed $20 \%$ of the CV and accuracy within $20 \%$ of the nominal concentration.

The acceptance criteria were satisfied, demonstrating an LLOQ of $0 . 0 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / 1 0 ~ m g }$ hair for all six drugs.

Specificity of the immunoassay screening method

Cross-reactivity with structurally related compounds

The cross-reactivity characteristics of the screening immunoassay were evaluated by spiking various concentrations of benzodiazepines into drug-free hair samples and comparing the result to the cutoff calibrator. The table below lists the percent cross-reactivity and the approximate concentration of each compound required to produce a response approximately equivalent to the cutoff concentration of the assay.

Interference from structurally unrelated compounds   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCross-reactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedConcentration inng/10 mg hairequivalent to cutoffcalibrator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clobazam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nimetazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordiazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethylflunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lormetazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Midazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>alpha-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lorazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bromazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxymethylflurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha-Hydroxytriazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>desalkylflurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-aminoclonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zolpidem Tartrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;300</td></tr></table>

The following potentially interfering compounds were tested using the screening immunoassay on samples spiked with oxazepam at the cutoff and a $\ t \pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff to assess possible positive or negative interference. All potential interferents listed below were tested at a concentration of $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / 1 0 ~ m g }$ hair. No positive or negative interference was observed in this study.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-9-Carboxy-delta-9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1S, 2R Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine succinate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normetanephrine (+/-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8(-)-11-nor-9-Carboxy-delta-9THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgononine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O-Desmethyvenlafaxine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethosuximide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentazocine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anhydroecgonine methyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haloperidol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phendimetrazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hexobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phendimetrazine bitartrate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenmetrazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bupropion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butabarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propanolol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protriptyline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpheniramine maleate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mepivacaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R-(-)Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cis-tramadol HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metanephrine (+/-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R,R(-)-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (+/-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptomycin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Synthetic cannabinoids CP 47,497 (+/-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methaqualone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Synthetic cannabinoid AM2201</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta 8-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyl phenidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Synthetic cannabinoid HU-211</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Synthetic cannabinoids JWH-019,081, 122, 200, and 250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desmethyldoxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Despiramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimipramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Despropionyl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vanilmandelic acid(+/-)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venlafaxine hvdochloride</td></tr></table>

Specificity of the LC-MS/MS method

Cross-reactivity with structurally related compounds

The cross-reactivity characteristics of the LC-MS/MS confirmation assay were evaluated by measuring contrived samples containing the following structurally related compounds: Clonazepam, Estazolam, Flurazepam, Meprobromate, Midazolam, Nitrazepam, Prazepam, Triazolam, and Zolpidem. No cross-reactivity was observed for these compounds.

Interference from structurally unrelated compounds

The specificity of the LC-MS/MS confirmation assay with structurally unrelated compounds was evaluated by measuring contrived samples containing the following compounds: Cotinine,

Nicotine, Caffeine, Ibuprofen, Naproxen, Phentermine, Pseudoephedrine, Morphine, Hydrocodone, Oxycodone, Codeine, Cocaine, Phencyclidine, Methamphetamine, Amphetamine, Methadone, Phenobarbital, Phenytoin, Phenylephrine, Carbamazepine, Gabapentin, Salicylic Acid, Valproic Acid, Oxcarbazepine, Propoxyphene, Acetaminophen, Norfloxacin, Psilocybin, Nimesulide, Etifoxine, Chlorcyclizine, and Teriflunomide. No interference was observed for these compounds.

Accuracy of the immunoassay screening method

Method comparison studies were performed by comparing the results from 382 hair samples on the immunoassay screening method to the confirmatory LC/MS/MS method. The 382 samples included 318 head hair samples and 64 body hair samples.

The color of the hair samples included 159 black samples, 197 brown (from light brown to dark brown), 8 blond, 4 red, and 14 gray. The ethnicities represented included 175 Caucasian subjects, 40 African-American subjects, 125 Hispanic subjects, and 41 Asian subjects.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayScreeningTest Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative bythe predicatedevice or lessthan half thecutoffconcentrationbyLC/MS/MSanalysis(&lt;0.500 ngoxazepamequivalents/10mg hair)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between50% belowthe cutoff andthe cutoffconcentration)(0.500 - 1.000ng oxazepamequivalents/10mg hair)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and50% abovethe cutoffconcentration)(1.001 - 1.500ng oxazepamequivalents/10mg hair)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(greater than50% abovethe cutoffconcentration)(&gt;1.500 ngoxazepamequivalents/10mg hair)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImmunoassayResult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LC/MS/MSResult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sum ofconcentrationsbased on cross-reactivities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.092 ng Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.255</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.093 ng Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.258</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.196 ng Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.431</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.156 ng Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.432</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.111 ng Nordiazepam, 0.217ngOxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.461</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.191 ng Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.529</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.201ng Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.557</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.493ng Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.584</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24 ng Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.665</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.121 ng Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.666</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.073 ng Diazepam, 0.133 ngNordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.694</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.266 ng Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.737</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.267ngAlprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.267ngAlprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.272 ng Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.753</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.347ng Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.763</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.283 ng Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.784</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.293 ng Nordiazepam, 0.158ng Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.803</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.099 ng Diazepam, 0.131 ngNordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.833</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.069 ng Alprazolam, 0.303 ngNordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.858</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.266 ng Alprazolam, 0.023 ngDiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.863</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.322 ng Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.892</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4277 ng Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.939</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.308 ng Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.961</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: The Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Benzodiazepines in Hair is substantially equivalent to the predicate, based on performance studies including precision, specificity, interference, and accuracy.