MICROGENICS CORPORATION   
MINOTI PATEL   
SR. REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST   
46500 KATO ROAD   
FREMONT CA 94538

Re: k163101 Trade/Device Name: CEDIA Buprenorphine II Assay CEDIA Buprenorphine II Calibrators and CEDIA Negative Calibrator II CEDIA Buprenorphine II Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG, DLJ, LAS Dated: March 17, 2017 Received: March 20, 2017

Dear Minoti Patel:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k163101

Device Name   
CEDIA Buprenorphine II Assay   
CEDIA Buprenorphine II Calibrators and CEDIA Negative Calibrator II   
CEDIA Buprenorphine II Control Set

Indications for Use (Describe) CEDIA Buprenorphine II Assay:

The CEDIA Buprenorphine II Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay for the qualitative and/or semiquantitative determination for the presence of buprenorphine and its metabolites in human urine at a cut-off concentration of $1 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / } }$ mL. The assay is intended to be used in laboratories and provides a simple and rapid analytical screening procedure to detect buprenorphine and its metabolites in human urine. The assay is designed for use with a number of clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/ MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/ mass spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.   
Clinical and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary results are used. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only. CEDIA Buprenorphine II Calibrators:   
The CEDIA Buprenorphine II calibrators and CEDIA Negative Calibrator II are intended for the calibration of the CEDIA Buprenorphine II Assay in human urine. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only. CEDIA Buprenorphine II Control Set:   
The CEDIA Buprenorphine II controls are used to validate the CEDIA Buprenorphine II Assay calibration in human urine. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

A. Device Information   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sponsor:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microgenics CorporationThermo Fisher Scientific46500 Kato RoadFremont, CA 94538Phone: 510-979-5000FAX: 510-979-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent ContactInformation:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minoti Patel, RACSr. Regulatory Affairs SpecialistEmail:Minoti.patel@thermofisher.comPhone: 510-749-5000FAX: 510-749-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine Immunoassay Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade or Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEDIA® Buprenorphine II AssayCEDIA® Buprenorphine II CalibratorsCEDIA® Negative Calibrator IICEDIA® Buprenorphine II Control Set</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device ProductCode, Classification,Classification Name &amp; Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG, Class II, 21 CFR 862.3650  Opiate test system,91 - ToxicologyDLJ, Class II, 21 CFR 862.3200  Clinical toxicologycontrol material, 91  ToxicologyLAS, Class I, reserved; 21 CFR 862.3280  Clinicaltoxicology control material, 91  Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# Predicate Device Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEDIA® Buprenorphine AssayCEDIA® Negative Calibrator IICEDIA® Buprenorphine CalibratorsCEDIA® Buprenorphine Control Set</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceManufacturer:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microgenics Corporation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device CommonName:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine Immunoassay Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device PremarketNotification #:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K040316</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device ProductCode, Classification,Classification Name &amp; Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG, Class II, 21 CFR 862.3650  Opiate test system,91 - ToxicologyDLJ, Class II, 21 CFR 862.3200  Clinical toxicologycontrol material, 91  ToxicologyLAS, Class I, reserved; 21 CFR 862.3280  Clinicaltoxicology control material, 91  Toxicology</td></tr></table>

B. Date Summary Revised April 04, 2017

# C. Description of Device

The assay consists of buffers (1 and 2) and lyophilized reagents (1a and 2a). The components include mouse monoclonal anti-buprenorphine antibody, recombinant microbial “enzyme donor” – buprenorphine conjugate, “enzyme acceptor”, chlorophenol red $\beta$ -Dgalactopyranoside, stabilizers and preservatives. Calibrators and controls are sold separately.

# D. Intended Use

# Intended Use: CEDIA® Buprenorphine II Assay:

The CEDIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Buprenorphine II Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay for the qualitative and/or semiquantitative determination for the presence of buprenorphine and its metabolites in human urine at a cut-off concentration of $1 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The assay is intended to be used in laboratories and provides a simple and rapid analytical screening procedure to detect buprenorphine and its metabolites in human urine. The assay is designed for use with a number of clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/ mass spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LCMS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary results are used. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

# CEDIA® Buprenorphine II Calibrators:

The CEDIA® Buprenorphine II calibrators and CEDIA® Negative Calibrator II are intended for the calibration of the CEDIA® Buprenorphine II Assay in human urine. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

# CEDIA® Buprenorphine II Control Set:

The CEDIA® Buprenorphine II controls are used to validate the CEDIA® Buprenorphine II Assay calibration in human urine. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

# E. Comparison to Predicate Device

Both devices use similar reagent and instrument systems. Both devices detect buprenorphine. The predicate device’s specific antibody detects buprenorphine and buprenorphine glucuronide at cutoff concentration of $5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The CEDIA device’s specific antibody detects buprenorphine, buprenorphine glucuronide, norbuprenorphine and norbuprenorphine glucuronide at a buprenorphine cutoff concentration of $1 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m l } }$ . Other differences and similarities are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities - Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k040316 - MicrogenicsCEDIA BuprenorphineAssay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection ofbuprenorphine in humanurine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEDIA (Cloned EnzymeDonor Immunoassay)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Users</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription users only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized (requiringreconstitution) and liquidready to use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2  8° C until expirationdate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences - Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities - Calibrators</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid  ready to use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 8° C untilexpiration date</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences - Calibrators</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CEDIA®Buprenorphine IIcalibrators and controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CEDIA®Buprenorphine calibratorsand controls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0, 10, 20, 50, 100 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0, 5, 20, 50, 75 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities - Controls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid ready to use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28°until expirationdate</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences - Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Names</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEDIA®Buprenorphine II controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEDIA®Buprenorphine controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 and 12.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 and 7 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid  ready to use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 8° C untilexpiration date</td></tr></table>

# F. Test Principle

The assay is based on bacterial enzyme $\beta$ -galactosidase genetically engineered to two inactive fragments, one of which is conjugated to buprenorphine. Buprenorphine in the sample competes with the enzyme fragment-conjugated buprenorphine for binding to antibuprenorphine antibody. In the absence of buprenorphine in the sample, the fragment binds antibody and does not re-associate to form active enzyme. If buprenorphine is present in the sample it binds to the antibody, allowing the enzyme fragments to re-associate. The reassociated enzyme cleaves the substrate, generating a color change that can be measured spectrophotometrically $( 5 7 0 / 6 6 0 \mathrm { n m } )$ ). The amount of active enzyme is proportional to the analyte present.

# G. Summary of Supporting Data

1. Analytical Performance:

Performance is evaluated at the manufacturer’s site on Beckman Coulter AU 680 Analyzer.

a) Precision – Study is performed for two runs per day, twice a day, for 20 days (total $\scriptstyle \mathrm { n = } 8 0$ ). Samples are prepared by spiking Buprenorphine into drug free urine at the cutoff, $2 5 \%$ , $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ & $100 \%$ above and below the cutoff and tested in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. Representative data is presented below.

# Qualitative Results:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% ofCutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Spiked Conc.(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">LC-MS/MS(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within Run (n=80)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofdeterminants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImmunoassayResults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 Neg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 Neg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 Neg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 Neg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27 Neg/53 Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 Pos</td></tr></table>

Semi-Quantitative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Spiked Conc.(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LC-MS/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (n=80)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofdeterminants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 Neg/45 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Pos</td></tr></table>

b) Spike Recovery - All 20 replicates of spiked $7 . 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $1 2 . 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ sample detect as Negative and Positive, respectively, when compared to $1 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ spiked sample.

In semi-quantitative mode, the spiked samples recover within $8 0 - 1 2 0 \%$ of the nominal values.

c) Analytical Recovery and Dilution Linearity - To demonstrate the dilution linearity for purpose of sample dilution and quality control of the entire assay range, drug free urine is spiked to the high calibrator level of Buprenorphine ( $\mathrm { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L ) }$ and diluted with drug free urine to generate 10 intermediate levels.

Each sample is run in replicates of five in semi-quantitative mode and the average is used to determine percent recovery compared to the expected target value. Representative data is presented below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ObservedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104.70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104.7</td></tr></table>

d) Method Comparison and Accuracy - One hundred and fifty three urine patient samples are analyzed by the CEDIA® Buprenorphine II Assay in both qualitative and semiquantitative modes and the results are compared to LC-MS/MS.

Qualitative mode using stratified Buprenorphine values by LC-MS/MS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateDeviceResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;50% ofCutoffconcentrationby LC-MS/MS(&lt;5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between50% belowthe cutoffconcentrationasdeterminedby LC-MS/MS)(5-9.9ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and50% abovethe cutoffconcentrationas determinedby LC-MS/MS)(10-15ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositives(Greater than50% abovecutoffconcentration)(&gt;15ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

\* Discordant samples summarized in table 5 below.

Semi-Quantitative mode using stratified Buprenorphine values by LC-MS/MS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateDeviceResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;50% ofCutoffconcentrationby LC-MS/MS(&lt;5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between50% belowthe cutoffconcentrationasdeterminedby LC-MS/MS)(5-9.9ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and50% abovethe cutoffconcentrationas determinedby LC-MS/MS)(10-15ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositives(Greater than50% abovecutoffconcentration)(&gt;15ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32*#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

\* Discordant samples summarized in table 5 below. ╫ Additional discordant sample (ID #53) in Lot $\# 3$ Semi-quantitative mode shown in table 5 below.

# \*Table for Discordant Samples

Accuracy samples were categorized based upon the LC-MS/MS concentration for Buprenorphine only. The table below identifies those samples with Buprenorphine concentration below the cutoff, in which the observed CEDIA Buprenorphine II assay result was positive.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>LC-MS/MS Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualmode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SQ(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bup***</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorBup#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bup-Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorBup-Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total byLC-MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.82</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>394.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>664.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>899.49</td></tr></table>

\*\* <LLOQ: Lower Limit of Quantitation $( 0 . 6 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ , $>$ ULOQ: Upper Limit of Quantitation $\mathrm { 1 0 0 0 n g / m L ) }$ ;

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>LC-MS/MS Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualmode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SQ(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bup***</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorBup#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bup-Glu†</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorBup-Glu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total byLC-MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131.61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LLOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.85</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>442.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>695.49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>733.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>624.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1441.61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>349.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>569.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135.80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;ULOQ**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>497.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>612.64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390.13</td></tr></table>

\*\*\* Bup: Buprenorphine; # NorBup: Norbuprenorphine; † Bup-Glu: Buprenorphine- $\beta$ -D-glucuronide; ‡ NorBup-Glu: Norbuprenorphine- $\beta$ -D-glucuronide; ╫ Additional discordant sample for Lot #3 Semi-Quantitative mode

e) Specificity - The cross-reactivity of Buprenorphine and its metabolites is evaluated by adding known amounts of each analyte to drug-free negative urine. As indicated by the results in the table below, Buprenorphine, Norbuprenorphine and Norbuprenorphine- $\beta$ -Dglucuronide exhibit $\geq 1 0 0 \%$ cross-reactivity. Buprenorphine- $\beta$ -D-glucuronide showed $7 6 . 9 \%$ cross-reactivity.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine and its metabolites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive/Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactivity(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Cross Reactivity of Structurally Related or Unrelated Opiate Compounds   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Structurally Related Compounds andOther Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive/Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetyl morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diacetylmorphine (Heroin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP (2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EMDP (2-Ethyl-5-methyl-3,3-diphenylpyrroline)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAAM (Levo-alpha-acetylmethadol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-6β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norhydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norpropoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tapentadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01</td></tr></table>

The potential cross-reactivity posed by drugs commonly co-administered with Buprenorphine is evaluated by adding each substance to Buprenorphine spiked at Low Control $( 7 . 5 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ and High Control ( $1 2 . 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ) levels at the concentrations indicated. A drug is considered to crossreact if the observed Buprenorphine concentrations result exceed $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . As shown in the table below, all the pharmacologic compounds evaluated exhibited negligible cross reactivity at the concentrations tested.

Structurally Unrelated Compounds Spiked at the Concentration Listed Below into Low Control and High Control   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Tested Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Spiked Buprenorphine Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitryptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amisulpride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloroquine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cimetidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenylhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluoxethine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxychloroquine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maprotiline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mitragynine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-OH Mitragynine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalbuphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortryptiline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulpiride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

f) Interference - The potential interference of $\mathsf { p H }$ and endogenous physiologic substances on recovery of Buprenorphine using CEDIA® Buprenorphine II Assay is assessed by spiking known compounds of potentially interfering substances into the Low Control (7.5 $\mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and High Control ( $1 2 . 5 \mathrm { n g / m L ) }$ . In the presence of the compounds listed below, the controls are detected accurately, indicating that these compounds did not show interference in the assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Tested Concentration (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Spiked Buprenorphine Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

Specific Gravity - Drug free urine samples with specific gravity ranging in value within 1.000 to 1.030 are split and spiked to a final concentration of either $7 . 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or 12.5 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ (the Low Control and High Control concentrations, respectively). These samples are then evaluated in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. No interference is observed.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Spiked Buprenorphine Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specific Gravity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.023</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.025</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.030</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr></table>

# g) Stability

# Open Vial Stability:

Open Vial stability studies for two lots stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ supports the claim of 60 days for qualitative and semi-quantitative modes.

# Reagent On-Board Stability:

Reagent On-Board stability studies for two lots stored on-board clinical analyzer supports the claim of 60 days for qualitative and semi-quantitative modes.

# Reconstituted Reagent Stability:

Reconstituted Reagent stability studies for two lots stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ supports the claim of 60 days for qualitative and semi-quantitative modes.

# Real Time Stability for Reagent, Calibrators and Controls

Real time stability studies for three lots of reagents, calibrators and controls stored at $2 -$ $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ are ongoing and have been carried out for up to six months.

# Accelerated Stability Results for Reagents, Calibrators and Controls

Accelerated stability testing results show that the Low Control is detected as negative and the High Control is detected as positive for each time point for a period of six months at $2 3 ^ { \circ } { \pm } 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . This is equivalent to 19 months of stability based on Q10 math model. The recoveries of the Low Control and High Control are within $8 0 - 1 2 0 \%$ . The data for six month accelerated stability confirms that the Low Control and the High Control are detected as negative and positive, respectively.

# H. Conclusion

Comparison of CEDIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Buprenorphine II Assay, Calibrators, Controls and CEDIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Negative Calibrator II and predicate devices demonstrated that the technological characteristics and intended use are substantially equivalent to the currently marketed predicate devices, CEDIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Buprenorphine Assay, (K040316)