LIN-ZHI INTERNATIONAL, INC.BERNICE LIN  
VP OPERATIONS  
2945 OAKMEAD VILLAGE COURTSANTA CLARA CA 95051

Re: k170416 Trade/Device Name: LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay, LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) (100 And 300) Calibrators Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3620 Regulation Name: Methadone test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJR, DLJ Dated: May 24, 2017 Received: May 25, 2017

Dear Ms. Lin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k170416

Device Name LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay The LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) (100 and 300) Calibrators

Indications for Use (Describe)

The LZI MethadoeMetaboli EDP)Ez Isay  iostiintende ohe ualaive aniMehMeaboT ali semi-quantitative modes of the assay are $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ for methadone metabolite. The assay is designed for prescription use on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

Theivoo purabloatdeeplu specimen orconfirmation by  confirmatory method such as gs or lquid chromatography/mass spectromery (GC/MS or LC/MS) or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

T used in order toobtain aconfirmed analytical result. Gas or liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS)he reprosal houl e any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

The LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) (100 and 300) Calibrators are or use as calibrators in the qualitative and antitaivcalirationheZI Methadoe Metaboli DDnz Immassay  huto vlu $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teurenmohollectionoationate veraghours  onc time to review instructions, search existing dat sources, gather and maintain thedata needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Submitted On

February 9, 2017

# Last Updated On

June 26, 2017

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter Name, Address, and Contact:

Lin-Zhi International, Inc. 2945 Oakmead Village Court Santa Clara, CA 95051 Phone: (408) 970-8811 Fax: (408) 970-9030 e-mail: bclin@lin-zhi.com

Contact: Bernice Lin, Ph.D. VP Operations

# Device Name and Classification

Classification Name:

Enzyme Immunoassay, Methadone Metabolite Class II, DJR (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR 862.3620

Drug Specific Calibrators, Class II, DLJ (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR 862.3200

Common Name: Proprietary Name:

Homogeneous Methadone Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay, LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) (100 and 300) Calibrators

# Legally Marketed Predicate Device(s)

The LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay (EIA) is substantially equivalent to the Lin-Zhi International, Inc. Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay (k031797) manufactured by Lin-Zhi International, Inc. The LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay is identical or similar to its predicate in terms of intended use, method principle, device components, and clinical performance.

# Device Description

The LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with ready-to-use liquid reagents. The assay is based on competition between EDDP in the sample and EDDP labeled with the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) for a fixed amount of antibody in the reagent. Enzyme activity decreases upon binding to the antibody, and the EDDP concentration in the sample is measured in terms of enzyme activity. In the absence of EDDP in the sample, EDDP-labeled G6PDH conjugate is bound to antibody, and the enzyme activity is inhibited. On the other hand, when free EDDP is present in the sample, antibody would bind to free EDDP; the unbound EDDP-labeled G6PDH then exhibits its maximal enzyme activity. Active enzyme converts nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH, resulting in an absorbance change that can be measured spectrophotometrically at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ .

The LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay is a kit comprised of two reagents, an $\mathsf { R } _ { 1 }$ and ${ \mathrm { R } } _ { 2 }$ which are bottled separately but sold together within the kit.

The $\mathrm { R } _ { 1 }$ solution contains mouse monoclonal anti-methadone metabolite antibody, glucose-6- phosphate (G6P) nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD), stabilizers, and sodium azide (0.09 $\%$ )as a preservative. The ${ \tt R } _ { 2 }$ solution contains glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled with methadone metabolite in buffer with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as a preservative.

The LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay calibrators and controls designated for use at the $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff contain 0, 50, 75, 100, 125, 250, $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ of methadone metabolite (EDDP) in human urine with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as a preservative. These five calibrators and two controls are sold as individual bottles.

The LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay calibrators and controls designated for use at the $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff contain 0, 150, 225, 300, 375, 600, and $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ of methadone metabolite (EDDP) in human urine with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as a preservative. These five calibrators and two controls are sold as individual bottles.

# Intended Use

The LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay is an in vitro diagnostic test intended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of Methadone Metabolite in human urine. The cutoff for both the qualitative and semi-quantitative modes of the assay are $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ for methadone metabolite. The assay is designed for prescription use on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as gas or liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (GCMS or LCMS) or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative analytical chemistry method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas or liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

The LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) (100 and 300) Calibrators are for use as calibrators in the qualitative and semi-quantitative calibration of the LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay at the cutoff values of $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

# Comparison to Predicate Device

The LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the Lin-Zhi International, Inc. Methadone Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay, Calibrators and Controls cleared by the FDA under the premarket notification k031797 for its stated intended use.

The following table compares LZI's Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay with the predicate device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device (k170416)LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP)Enzyme Immunoassay and MethadoneMetabolite (EDDP) (100 and 300)Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (k031797)LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP)Enzyme Immunoassay, Calibrators andControls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP)Enzyme Immunoassay is an in vitrodiagnostic test intended for the qualitativeand semi-quantitative determination ofMethadone Metabolite in human urine.The cutoff for the qualitative and semi-quantitative modes of the assay are 100ng/mL and 300 ng/mL for methadonemetabolite. The assay is designed forprescription use on automated clinicalchemistry analyzers.The assay provides only a preliminary analyticalresult. A more specific alternative analyticalchemistry method must be used in order to obtain aconfirmed analytical result. Gas or liquidchromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS orLC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.Clinical consideration and professional judgmentshould be exercised with any drug of abuse testresult, particularly when the preliminary test resultis positive.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Lin-Zhi International, Inc. (LZI)Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) EnzymeImmunoassay is intended for thequalitative and semi-quantitativedetermination of methadone metabolite inhuman urine at a cutoff value of 300ng/mL. The assay is designed forprofessional use with a number ofautomated clinical chemistry analyzers.This assay provides a rapid screening procedurefor determining the presence of methadonemetabolite in urine. The assay provides only apreliminary analytical result.&quot; A more specificalternative chemical method must be used in orderto obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas orliquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MSor LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.Clinical consideration and professional judgmentshould be exercised with any drug of abuse testresult, particularly when the preliminary test resultis positive.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone Metabolite (EDDP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone Metabolite (EDDP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 and 300 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorsLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL Cutoff: 5 Levels0, 50, 100, 250, and 500 ng/mL300 ng/mL Cutoff: 5 Levels0, 150, 300, 600, and 1000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0, 150, 300, 600, and 1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until expiration date</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

Precision: $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

Semi-Quantitative Precision Analysis Summary: Qualitative Results

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethadoneMetabolite(EDDP)Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run(N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Precision(N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr></table>

Semi-Quantitative Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethadoneMetabolite(EDDP)Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 Neg/11 Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 Pos/48 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

Qualitative Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethadoneMetabolite(EDDP)Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 Neg/9 Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54 Neg/34 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

Precision: $\mathbf { 3 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

Semi-Quantitative Precision Analysis Summary: Qualitative Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethadoneMetabolite(EDDP)Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run(N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Precision(N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr></table>

Semi-Quantitative Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>300 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethadoneMetabolite(EDDP)Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 Neg/ 16 Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 Neg/ 52 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

Qualitative Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>300 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethadoneMetabolite(EDDP)Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 Neg/15 Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33 Neg/55 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

Method Comparison - Clinical Samples: $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff From a total of eighty-seven (87) clinical unaltered samples, Semi-Quantitative & Qualitative Data:

# Qualitative Accuracy Study:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mLCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50 % ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffNeg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

The following table summarizes the result for the two discordant samples:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100 ng/mLCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Assay Result:</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LC/MS (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LZI EIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample #45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample #46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126.0</td></tr></table>

Concentration for the discrepant samples are based on the absorbance rate from a single point calibration.

Semi-Quantitative Accuracy Study:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mLCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50 % ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffNeg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

The following table summarizes the result for the two discordant samples:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100 ng/mLCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Assay Result:</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LC/MS (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LZI EIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample #45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample #46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126.0</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison - Clinical Samples: $\mathbf { 3 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

From a total of eighty-four (84) clinical unaltered samples, Semi-Quantitative & Qualitative Qualitative Accuracy Study:

Semi-Quantitative Accuracy Study:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mLCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50 % ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffNeg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mLCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50 % ofthe cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffNeg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Cross-reactivity: $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff Methadone Metabolite and Structurally Related Compounds for $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spiked[](ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA[](ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CrossReactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EMDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAAM HC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)-α-Methadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)-Isomethadone HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)-α-Noracetylmethadol(Nor-LAAM) HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1 %</td></tr></table>

Cross-reactivity: $\mathbf { 3 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff Methadone Metabolite and Structurally Related Compounds for $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spiked[](ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA[](ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CrossReactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EMDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAAM HCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)-α-Methadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)-Isomethadone HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)-α-Noracetylmethadol(Nor-LAAM) HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1 %</td></tr></table>

# Endogenous Compound Interference & Specific Gravity:

No significant undesired cross-reactants or endogenous substance interference was obser

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

# Summary:

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay and LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) (100 and 300) Calibrators are substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its general intended use. Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and physical properties to the commercially available predicate device as confirmed by chromatography/mass spectrometry (LC/MS), an independent analytical chemistry method. The information supplied in this pre-market notification provides reasonable assurance that the LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) Enzyme Immunoassay and LZI Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) (100 and 300) Calibrators are safe and effective for its stated intended use.