February 5, 2018

W.H.P.M., Inc.   
$\%$ Joe Shia   
Manager   
LSI Consulting   
504E Diamond Ave., Suite I Gaithersburg, MD 20877

Re: K171695 Trade/Device Name: First Sign Multi-Drug Dip Card Test First Sign Multi-Drug Cup Test First Sign Drug of Abuse Dip Card Test Marijuana First Sign Drug of Abuse Cup Test Marijuana Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3100 Regulation Name: Amphetamine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NFT, LDJ, NFY, NGG Dated: December 26, 2017 Received: December 28, 2017

Dear Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name First $\mathrm { S i g n } @$ Drug of Abuse Cup Test Marijuana First $\mathrm { S i g n } @$ Drug of Abuse Dip Card Test Marijuana

First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Cup Test Marijuana is a qualitative lateral flow immunoassay intended for the detection of Marijuana in human urine at cut-off concentration of $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be used when you get any drug of abuse test result. It should be used particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The test is intended for prescription use.

First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Dip Card Test Marijuana is a qualitative lateral flow immunoassay intended for the detection of Marijuana in human urine at cut-off concentration of $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be used when you get any drug of abuse test result. It should be used particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The test is intended for prescription use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Number (if known) k171695

Device Name First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Cup Test First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Dip Card Test

Indications for Use (Describe)   
First Sign Multi-Drug Cup Test is a qualitative lateral flow immunoassay intended for the detection of   
Amphetamine, Cocaine, and Methamphetamine in human urine at cut-off concentrations of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , and $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , respectively.

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be used when you get any drug of abuse test result. It should be used particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter use.

First $\mathrm { S i g n } @$ Multi-Drug Dip Card Test is a qualitative lateral flow immunoassay intended for the detection of Amphetamine, Cocaine, and Methamphetamine in human urine at cut-off concentrations of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , and $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , respectively.

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be used when you get any drug of abuse test result. It should be used particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter use.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

1. Date:

February 2, 2018

2. Submitter

W.H.P.M., Inc. 5358 Irwindale Ave. Irwindale, CA 91706

3. Contact person:

John Wan   
W.H.P.M., Inc.   
5358 Irwindale Ave.   
Irwindale, CA 91706   
Telephone: 626-443-8480 Fax: 626-443-8065   
Email: johnwan@whpm.com

4. Device Name:

First $\mathrm { S i g n } ^ { \mathbb { B } }$ Multi-Drug Cup Test First $\mathrm { S i g n } ^ { \mathbb { B } }$ Multi-Drug Dip Card Test First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Cup Test Marijuana First $\mathrm { S i g n } @$ Drug of Abuse Dip Card Test Marijuana

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NFTAmphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3100, Amphetamine TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJCannabinoids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3870, Cannabinoids TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NFYCocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3250, Cocaine and CocaineMetabolites Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NGGMethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices: K122809, Advin Multi-Drug Screen Test

6. Intended Use First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Cup Test is a qualitative lateral flow immunoassay intended for the detection of Amphetamine, Cocaine, and Methamphetamine in human urine at cut-off concentrations of $5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , and $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , respectively.

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred

confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be used when you get any drug of abuse test result. It should be used particularly when the preliminary result is positive. For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter use.

First $\mathrm { S i g n } @$ Multi-Drug Dip Card Test is a qualitative lateral flow immunoassay intended for the detection of Amphetamine, Cocaine, and Methamphetamine in human urine at cut-off concentrations of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , and $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , respectively.

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be used when you get any drug of abuse test result. It should be used particularly when the preliminary result is positive. For in vitro diagnostic use only. The tests are intended for over-the-counter use.

First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Cup Test Marijuana is a qualitative lateral flow immunoassay intended for the detection of Marijuana in human urine at cut-off concentration of $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be used when you get any drug of abuse test result. It should be used particularly when the preliminary result is positive. For in vitro diagnostic use only. The test is intended for prescription use.

First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Dip Card Test Marijuana is a qualitative lateral flow immunoassay intended for the detection of Marijuana in human urine at cut-off concentration of $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The tests provide only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be used when you get any drug of abuse test result. It should be used particularly when the preliminary result is positive. For in vitro diagnostic use only. The test is intended for prescription use.

# 7. Device Description

First Sign Multi-Drug Cup Test, First Sign Multi-Drug Dip Card Test, First Sign Drug of Abuse Cup Test Marijuana, and First Sign Drug of Abuse Dip Card Marijuana are lateral flow, immunochromatographic assays. The First Sign Multi-Drug Cup Test and the First Sign Multi-Drug Dip Card Test are for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Cocaine, and Methamphetamine in human urine. First Sign Drug of Abuse Cup Test Marijuana, and First Sign Drug of Abuse Dip Card Marijuana are for the qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine. The products are single-use in vitro diagnostic devices, which come in the formats of Dip Cards or Cups. Each test kit contains a Test Device (in one of the two formats), a package insert and a urine cup for sample collection. Each test device is sealed with a desiccant in an aluminum pouch.

8. Substantial Equivalence Information

A summary comparison of features of the candidate device and the predicate device is provided in following tables

Table 1: Features Comparison of First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Cup Test and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceFirst Sign® Multi-Drug Cup Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (K122809)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination ofAmphetamine, Cocaine, andMethamphetamine in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine 500 ng/mLCocaine 150 ng/mlMethamphetamine 500 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine 500 ng/mLCocaine 150 ng/mlMethamphetamine 500 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Features Comparison of First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Dip Card Test and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceFirst Sign® Multi-Drug Dip Card Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (K122809)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination ofAmphetamine, Cocaine, andMethamphetamine in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine 500 ng/mLCocaine 150 ng/mlMethamphetamine 500 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine 500 ng/mLCocaine 150 ng/mlMethamphetamine 500 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 3: Features Comparison of First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Cup Test Marijuana and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceFirst Sign® Drug of Abuse Cup TestMarijuana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (K122809)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination ofMarijuana in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana 20 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana 50 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For prescription use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 4: Features Comparison of First Sign $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Dip Card Test Marijuana and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceFirst Sign® Drug of Abuse Dip Card TestMarijuana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (K122809)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination ofMarijuana in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana 20 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana 50 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For prescription use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 9. Test Principle

Each assay test is a lateral flow chromatographic immunoassay. During testing, a urine specimen migrates upward by capillary action. If target drugs are present in the urine specimen below its cut-off concentration, it will not saturate the binding sites of its specific antibody (monoclonal mouse antibody) coated on the particles. The antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized drug

conjugate and a visible colored line will show up in the test line region. The colored line will not form in the test line region if the target drug level exceeds its cut-off concentration because it will saturate all the binding sites of the antibody coated on the particles. A band should form in the control region of the devices regardless of the presence of drug or metabolite in the sample.

# 10. Performance Characteristics

Analytical Performance a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut-off, - $. 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off, at the cut-off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut-off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut-off. These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative urine samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by GC/MS. All sample aliquots were blind-labeled and randomized by the person who prepared samples and did not take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days by three different operators for each format of devices. Different set of operators tested each format. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables:

AMP Dip Card Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

AMP Cup Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

COC Dip Card Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

COC Cup Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

MET Dip Card Format   
MET Cup Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-/46+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

THC Dip Card Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

THC Cup Format   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-/46+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity

Not applicable.

c. Stability

The devices are stable at 86oF $( 4 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study at $5 0 \%$ . Control materials are not provided with the device. The labeling provides information on how to obtain control materials.

d. Cut-off

A total of 150 samples equally distributed at concentrations of $- 5 0 \%$ cut-off; $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off; cutoff; $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off; $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off of each target drug were tested using three different lots of each device by three different operators. Results were all positive at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ cut-off and all negative at and below $- 2 5 \%$ cut-off for the four target drugs. The following cut-off values for the test devices have been verified.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr></table>

e. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and to urine containing target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above cut-off levels. These urine samples were tested using three lots of each device for all formats.

Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ (except of specified) are summarized in the following table. There were no differences observed for different formats.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen (4-Acetamidophenol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin (1mg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin (1mg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin (5- Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloroquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone3-(β-D-glucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphinie-3-β-d-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D L-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td></tr></table>

# f. Specificity

To test the specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in urine samples were tested using three lots of each device for all formats. The obtained lowest detectable concentration was used to calculate the cross-reactivity. There were no differences observed for different formats.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(D-Amphetamine, Cutoff = 500 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 60000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D,L - Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 1000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 600 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R-(-)-Apomorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 13000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-Phenylethylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 8000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 5000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tryptamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 100000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxyamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 600 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine (MDE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4 Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(Benzoylecgonine, Cutoff = 150 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 150 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine HCL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive at 3000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.15%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaethylene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.15%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.15%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(D-Methamphetamine, Cutoff = 500 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)3,4-Methylenedioxy-n-ethylamphetamine(MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 20000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 1000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P-Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 16000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)3,4-MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 2000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 5000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenfluramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 40000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 60000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimethobenzamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloroquine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine (Novocaine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine (Zantac)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-) 3,4-MDA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(11-Nor-∆9- Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH,Cutoff = 20 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 20 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Hydroxy-∆9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 8000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>∆8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 5000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>∆9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 3000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Nor-Δ∆8- Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 30 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Nor-Δ9-THC-carboxy glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive at 5000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.02%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at ≥ 105 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.02%</td></tr></table>

# g. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples with a range of 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with a range of $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above cut-off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of each

device for all formats. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off and all negative for samples at and below $- 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off. There were no differences observed for different formats.

# h. Comparison Studies

The method comparison studies were performed in-house with three different laboratory assistants for each format of the device. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples for each target drug. The samples were blind labeled and compared to GC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below:

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMPDip Cardformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than -50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between -50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL) Dipcard FormatResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL) Dipcard FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>496</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911565</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>546</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>528</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>546</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMPCupformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than -50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between -50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL)Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911565</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912058</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>481</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>528</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>546</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COCDip Cardformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than -50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between -50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL) ]Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dipcard FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911516</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911339</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>COC Cup format</td><td></td><td>Negative</td><td>Low Negative by GC/MS (less than - 50%)</td><td>Near Cutoff Negative by GC/MS (Between - 50% and cut-off)</td><td>Near Cutoff Positive by GC/MS (Between the cut-off and +50%)</td><td>High Positive by GC/MS (greater than +50%)</td></tr><tr><td>Viewer A</td><td>Positive</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>1</td><td>14</td><td>26</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL)Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911516</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911339</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>METDip Cardformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than -50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between -50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL) Dipcard FormatResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL) Dipcard FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>533</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>MET Cup format</td><td></td><td>Negative</td><td>Low Negative by GC/MS (less than - 50%</td><td>Near Cutoff Negative by GC/MS</td><td>Near Cutoff Positive by GC/MS</td><td>High Positive by GC/MS (greater than +50%)</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Between -50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL)Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912072</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>445</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>533</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>533</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94912048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THCDip Cardformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than -50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between -50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC/MS (ng/mL) Dipcard FormatResult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC/MS (ng/mL) Dipcard FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94912036</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94911685</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94911819</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94912007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC/MS (ng/mL)Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dipcard FormatViewerResults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94911788</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THCCupformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegativeby GC/MS(less than -50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between -50% andcut-off)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NearCutoffPositive byGC/MS(Betweenthe cut-offand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byGC/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PositiveNegative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS (ng/mL)Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup FormatViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911686</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911685</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911788</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94911819</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

i. Lay-user study

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 320 lay persons testing the devices. They had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 21 to $> 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; $+ / - 1 0 0 \%$ , $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drugs into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by GC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. The results are summarized below.

Comparison between GC/MS and Lay Person Results   
AMP DipCard   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% of Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Numberofsamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lay person results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The percentageof correctresults(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">245</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">374</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">649</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">768</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">857</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

COC DipCard   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correctresults(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

MET DipCard   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correctresults(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>259</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>669</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# AMP Cup

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% of Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Numberofsamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lay person results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The percentageof correctresults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. of</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. of</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">245</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">374</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">649</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">768</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">857</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

COC Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correctresults(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

MET Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration by GC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correctresults(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>259</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>669</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

# j. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# 11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity and method comparison of the devices, it’s concluded that the First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Cup Test, First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Dip Card Test, First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Cup Test Marijuana and First Sign $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Drug of Abuse Dip Card Test Marijuana are substantially equivalent to the predicate.