SIEMENS HEALTHCARE DIAGNOSTICS INC.   
ALAN HALEY   
REGULATORY AND CLINICAL AFFAIRS SPECIALIST 500 GBC DRIVE, M/S 514   
NEWARK, DE 19702

Re: k172910 Trade/Device Name: Emit II Plus Oxycodone Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DJG Dated: September 21, 2017 Received: September 25, 2017

Dear Alan Haley:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k172910

Device Name Emit II Plus Oxycodone Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Emit II Plus Oxycodone Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoffs. The assay is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the qualitative and semiquantitative determination of oxycodone in human urine. The Emit II Plus Oxycodone Assay is designed for use with a number of clinical chemistry analyzers. The semiquantitative mode is for the purposes of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The Emit II Plus Oxycodone Assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method(s) must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical test result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) and LC/MS are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgement should be applied to any drug-of-abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# SIEMENS

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 1. Submitter

<table><tr><td>Company</td><td>Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc.</td></tr><tr><td>Address</td><td>500 GBC Drive, M/S 514 Newark, DE 19702</td></tr><tr><td>Contact</td><td>Alan Haley</td></tr><tr><td>Telephone</td><td>302.631.9883</td></tr><tr><td>Fax</td><td>302.631.6299</td></tr><tr><td>Date of Preparation</td><td>October 16, 2017</td></tr></table>

# 2. Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emit® II Plus Oxycodone Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Immunoassay, Opiates</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiate Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3650</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td></tr></table>

# 3. Identification of Predicate

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Oxycodone Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Submitter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microgenics Corp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K040411</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clearance Date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>May 27, 2004</td></tr></table>

# 4. Device Description

The Emit® II Plus Oxycodone assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoffs. The assay, used for the detection of oxycodone in human urine, utilizes a two- reagent system. The Antibody/Substrate Reagent 1 is a liquid ready-to-use product comprised of mouse monoclonal antibodies to oxycodone, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P), and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) in a diluent containing bovine serum albumin (BSA), preservatives and stabilizers. The Enzyme Reagent 2 is a liquid, ready-to-use product containing oxymorphone labeled with bacterial recombinant glucose-6 phosphate dehydrogenase (rG6PDH) in a diluent containing bovine serum albumin (BSA), HEPES buffer, preservatives and stabilizers.

The assay kit consists of Reagent 1 and Reagent 2 in plastic containers and is available in three sizes: 1000 mL/500 mL, $1 1 5 \mathrm { m L } / 5 0 \mathrm { m L }$ , and 28 mL/14 mL. Emit® II Plus assays are designed for use with a number of chemistry analyzers. The Emit® II Plus Oxycodone assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result.

# SIEMENS

# 5. Intended Use Statement

The Emit® II Plus Oxycodone Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoffs. The assay is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the qualitative and semiquantitative determination of oxycodone in human urine. The Emit® II Plus Oxycodone Assay is designed for use with a number of clinical chemistry analyzers. The semiquantitative mode is for the purposes of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The Emit® II Plus Oxycodone Assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method(s) must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical test result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) and LC/MS are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgement should be applied to any drug-of-abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

# 6. Technological Characteristics

(a) Comparison to Predicate

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Oxycodone Assay(K040411)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emit® II Plus Oxycodone Assay(Proposed)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DRI® Oxycodone assay islintended to be used for the qualitativeand semi-quantitative determination ofthe presence of oxycodone in humanJurine at cutoffs of 100 ng/mL and300 ng/mL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2°C to 8°C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogeneous enzymelimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, Ready to Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentComposition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody/substrate reagent andenzyme conjugate/reagent. Theantibody substrate reagent includesmouse monoclonal anti-oxycodonederivative antibody, glucose-6-phosphate and NAD in buffer withpreservative. The enzyme conjugatereagent includes oxycodone derivativelabeled with glucose-6-phosphatedehydrogenase in buffer withpreservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoffs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL oxycodone300 ng/mL oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# SIEMENS

(b) Non-Clinical Performance Evaluation

The data that appear in this section were collected on the Viva- $E ^ { \mathcal { \circledcirc } }$ Analyzer using the Emit® II Plus Oxycodone Assay. Summary results for each study are provided. The results represent typical assay performance.

# (i) Method Comparison

A total of 100 unaltered native patient samples were tested for each cutoff. Samples were evaluated using the Emit® II Plus Oxycodone Assay on the Viva-E $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ instrument and Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS).

Results for the $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ assay cutoff are presented below:

Table A. Method Comparison Results (100 ng/mL Cutoff)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LC-MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Negative(Less than 50%below the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Positive(Between the cutoffand 50% above thecutoff concentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(greater than 50%above the cutoffconcentration)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitati</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Emit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Agreement among positives is 52/56 = 93%Agreement among negatives is 44/44 = 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Semiquantitative Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Emit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Agreement among positives is 52/56 = 93%Agreement among negatives is 44/44 = 100%</td></tr></table>

Table B. Discordant Results (100 ng/mL Cutoff)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Emit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LC-MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semiquantitative(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative(Pos/Neg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY-471</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY-9128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY-9129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY-9130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# SIEMENS

Results for the $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ assay cutoff are presented below.

Table C. Method Comparison Results (300 ng/mL Cutoff)

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LC-MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Negative(Less than 50%below the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Positive(Between the cutoffand 50% above thecutoff concentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(greater than 50%above the cutoffconcentration)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Qualitative Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Emit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Agreement among positives is 44/45 = 98%Agreement among negatives is 54/55 = 98%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Semiquantitative Mode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Emit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Agreement among positives is 44/45 = 98%Agreement among negatives is 55/55 = 100%</td></tr></table>

Table D. Discordant Results (300 ng/mL Cutoff)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Emit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LC-MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semiquantitative(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative(Pos/Neg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY-161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>318</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY-665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.1</td></tr></table>

(ii) Precision

Repeatability and Within-Lab Precision were determined by assaying urine pools spiked with oxycodone at nine different levels for each cutoff. The testing sequence for each level consisted of two replicates, twice a day, for twenty days $( \mathsf { n } = 8 0 )$ for each cutoff. Precision data were evaluated according to the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) Guideline EP05-A3.

Table E. Precision (100 ng/mL Cutoff)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Urine Pool(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1># ofResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Semiquantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Lab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Negative/78 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Negative/78 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Negativel78 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Negative/78 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

Table F. Precision (300 ng/mL cutoff)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Urine Pool(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1># ofResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Semiquantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Lab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 Negativel76 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 Negativel76 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 Negativel64 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 Negativel64 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

# (iii) Recovery

Oxycodone samples were prepared by spiking known levels of oxycodone into drug-free urine. A total of 7 concentrations were evaluated for oxycodone at the $1 0 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff and 13 concentrations were evaluated for oxycodone at the $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff. Spiked samples were analyzed in replicates of 5. Results are shown in Table $\sf G$ for the $1 0 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff; Table H for the $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff.

Table G. Recovery Results (100 ng/mL Cutoff)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean MeasuredConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanRecovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr></table>

Table H. Recovery Results (300 ng/mL Cutoff)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean MeasuredConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanRecovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>374</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>414</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>621</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>723</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>803</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>893</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>969</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr></table>

# SIEMENS

(iv) Oxycodone Metabolites

Oxycodone metabolites were spiked into negative urine and evaluated by dose-response to determine the level that would give a response approximately equivalent to the cutoff response. Percent cross-reactivity was calculated according to CLSI EP07-A2.

Table I. Oxycodone Metabolite Cross-Reactivity (100 ng/mL cutoff)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone-3-β-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr></table>

Table J. Oxycodone Metabolite Cross-Reactivity $( 3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone-3-β-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr></table>

# (v) Structurally Related Compounds

Structurally similar drugs were spiked into drug-free urine and percent cross-reactivity was evaluated at both cutoffs according to CLSI EP07-A2. Drugs eliciting a positive response were evaluated by doseresponse to determine the lowest level of cross-reactant that would generate a positive result relative to the cutoff.

Table K. Structurally Related Compounds (100 ng/mL Cutoff)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine 3-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr></table>

Table L. Structurally Related Compounds (300 ng/mL Cutoff)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-AcetyImorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine 3-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr></table>

# (vi) Structurally Unrelated Compounds

The interference of structurally unrelated compounds and common over the counter drugs was evaluated qualitatively and semiquantitatively according to CLSI EP07-A2 at the concentrations listed below. For each cutoff, the compounds were spiked into two levels of controls at $+ 1 - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration. At the stated concentration, the sample did not give a false response relative to the $1 0 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoffs.

Table M. Structurally Unrelated Compounds $( 1 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ Cutoffs)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concen-tration(μg/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100 ng/mL Cutoff</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%Control(75 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%Control(125 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%Control(225 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%Control(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10, 11-Dihydrocarbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AZT (Zidovudine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Captopril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cimetidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concen-ration(μg/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100 ng/mL Cutoff</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%Control(75 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%Control(125 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%Control(225 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%Control(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enalapril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glutethimide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haloperidol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxyzine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketorolac Tromethamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAAM (L-a-Acetlymethadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levofloxacin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levothyroxine(L- Thyroxine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA (Ecstasy)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NAPA(N-Acetylprocainamide)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotinic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortryptiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinacrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concen-tration(μg/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100 ng/mL Cutoff</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%Control(75 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%Control(125 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%Control(225 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%Control(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ritalin(Methylphenidate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scopolamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC (11-nor-9-Carboxy-Δ9-THC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trazodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triprolidine (zymine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr></table>

# (vii) Endogenous Substances

Endogenous substances were evaluated qualitatively and semiquantitatively according to CLSI EP07-A2 at the concentrations listed below. The compounds were spiked into two levels of controls at $+ / .$ - $2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration for each cutoff. At the stated concentrations, the sample did not give a false response relative to the $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoffs.

Table N. Endogenous Substances $1 0 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and 300 ng/mL Cutoffs)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concen-tration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100 ng/mL Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>300 ng/mL Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Control(75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Control(125 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Control(225 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Control(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UnconjugatedBilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human SerumAlbumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# SIEMENS

(viii) Specific Gravity and pH

Drug free urine pools with specific gravity values ranging from 1.002 to 1.035 and pH values ranging from 3.0 to 11.0 were prepared and spiked to final concentrations of $7 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , 125 ng/mL, 225 ng/mL and 375 ng/mL oxycodone. These samples were then evaluated in qualitative and semiquantitative modes. No positive or negative interference was observed.

(ix) Conclusion

The proposed Syva Emit® II Plus Oxycodone assay is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device based on intended use, principle and the performance characteristics above.