February 21, 2018

MICROGENICS CORPORATION   
MINOTI PATEL   
MANAGER, REGULATORY AFFAIRS   
46500 KATO ROAD   
FREMONT, CA 94538

Re: K173963 Trade/Device Name: DRI Benzodiazepine Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3170 Regulation Name: Benzodiazepine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JXM Dated: December 27, 2017 Received: December 28, 2017

Dear Minoti Patel:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

# Sincerely, Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k173963

Device Name DRI Benzodiazepine Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)

The DRI Benzodiazepine Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for the qualitative and/or semiquantitative determination of the presence of benzodiazepines and their metabolites in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The assay is intended to be used in laboratories and provides a simple and rapid analytical screening procedure to detect benzodiazepines in human urine. The assay is designed for use with a number of clinical chemistry analyzers. This assay is calibrated against Oxazepam. This product is intended to be used by trained professionals only.

The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LCMS/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/ mass spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary results are used. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# A. Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sponsor:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microgenics CorporationThermo Fisher Scientific46500 Kato RoadFremont, CA 94538Phone: 510-979-5000FAX: 510-979-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent ContactInformation:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minoti Patel, RACManager, Regulatory AffairsEmail:Minoti.patel@thermofisher.comPhone: 510-979-5000FAX: 510-979-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade or Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Benzodiazepine Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device ProductCode, Classification,Classification Name &amp;Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXM, Class II, 21 CFR 862.3170  Benzodiazepine testsystem, 91  Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# Predicate Device Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceManufacturer:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diagnostic Reagents, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device PremarketNotification #:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K930529</td></tr></table>

# B. Date Summary Prepared

February 20, 2018

# C. Description of Device

The DRI Benzodiazepine Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay3 with liquid ready-to-use reagents. The assay uses a specific antibody which can detect most benzodiazepines and their metabolites in urine. The assay is based on the competition of an enzyme glucose- 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled drug and the drug from the urine sample for a fixed amount of specific antibody binding sites. In the absence of free drug from the sample, the enzyme-labeled drug is bound by the specific antibody and the enzyme activity is inhibited. This phenomenon creates a relationship between drug concentration in urine and the enzyme activity. The enzyme G6PDH activity is determined spectrophotometrically at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ by measuring its ability to convert nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH.

The assay consists of reagents A and E.

Reagent A: Contains sheep polyclonal anti-benzodiazepine antibodies, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) in Tris buffer with sodium azide as a preservative.

Reagent E: Contains benzodiazepine derivative labeled with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) in Tris buffer with sodium azide as a preservative.

# D. Intended Use

# DRI Benzodiazepine Assay:

The DRI Benzodiazepine Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative determination of the presence of benzodiazepines and their metabolites in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The assay is intended to be used in laboratories and provides a rapid analytical screening procedure to detect benzodiazepines in human urine. The assay is designed for use with a number of clinical chemistry analyzers. This assay is calibrated against Oxazepam. This product is intended to be used by trained professionals only.

The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/ mass spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.1, 2

Clinical and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary results are used. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

# E. Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Candidate Device: DRI Benzodiazepine Assay</td><td>Predicate Device: DRI Benzodiazepine Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The DRI Benzodiazepine Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative determination of the presence</td><td>(K930529). Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:DRI Benzodiazepine Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:DRI Benzodiazepine Assay(K930529).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">of benzodiazepines and theirmetabolites in human urine ata cutoff concentration of 200ng/mL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingPrinciple(Technology)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DRI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuredAnalyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepine and itsmetabolites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous EnzymeImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid ready-to-use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sheep Polyclonal antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Goat Polyclonal antibody</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28°C until expiration date.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrincipalOperator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trained professionals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# F. Test Principle

The DRI Benzodiazepine Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay3 with liquid readyto-use reagents. The assay uses a specific antibody which can detect most benzodiazepines and their metabolites in urine. The assay is based on the competition of an enzyme glucose6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled drug and the drug from the urine sample for a fixed amount of specific antibody binding sites. In the absence of free drug from the sample, the enzyme-labeled drug is bound by the specific antibody and the enzyme activity is inhibited. This phenomenon creates a relationship between drug concentration in urine and the enzyme activity. The enzyme G6PDH activity is determined spectrophotometrically at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ by measuring its ability to convert nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH.

# G. Summary of Supporting Data

# 1. Analytical Performance:

Performance is evaluated at the manufacturer’s site on the AU680 clinical analyzer.

# a) Precision

Precision studies were performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP05-A3. Samples were prepared by spiking Oxazepam into drug free urine at the cutoff, $2 5 \%$ , $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ and $100 \%$ above and below the cutoff and tested in both qualitative and semiquantitative modes. Results presented below were generated by testing all samples in

replicates of 2, twice per day for 20 days, total $\scriptstyle \mathrm { n = 8 0 }$ . The results are summarized in the table below.

Quantitative Study Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpikedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff(200 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LC-MS/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (n=80)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResults(Negative/Positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>299.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>348.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr></table>

Semi-Quantitative Study Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpikedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff(200 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LC-MS/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (n=80)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResults(Negative/Positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>299.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>348.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr></table>

# b) Spike Recovery

The study was performed for 20 replicates. This study was carried out by testing spiked samples containing Oxazepam at the cutoff calibrator and control levels. The spiked samples were prepared by spiking Oxazepam into drug free urine. Samples were tested in both Qualitative and Semi-Quantitative mode. The qualitative results are summarized in the table below.

Qualitative Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Replicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL(n=20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 ng/mL(n=20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overlap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relative to C/O</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All 20 below C/O</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All 20 above C/O</td></tr></table>

# c) Analytical Recovery and Linearity

Linearity studies were performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP06-A. To demonstrate the dilution linearity for purposes of sample dilution and quality control of the entire assay range, drug free urine was spiked to the high level calibrator using Oxazepam $\mathrm { 1 0 0 0 n g / m L ) }$ and diluted with drug free urine to generate 10 intermediate levels.

Each sample was run in replicates of five in semi-quantitative mode and the average was used to determine percent recovery compared to the expected target value. The percent recovery is summarized in the table below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExpectedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ObservedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">196.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">314.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">455.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">565.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">661.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">764.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">872.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">900</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">937.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1024.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">102.5</td></tr></table>

# d) Method Comparison and Accuracy

The method comparison study was performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP09-A3.   
One hundred and six patient samples were analyzed by the DRI Benzodiazepine Assay in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes and the results were compared to LC-MS/MS.   
The overall concordance between LC-MS/MS and DRI Benzodiazepine Assay is $9 6 . 2 \%$ .   
The qualitative and semi-quantitative results are summarized in the tables below. These four samples are discordant because of the presence of Benzodiazepine metabolites.   
Sample CA160606-045 contains $3 1 5 4 . 5 9 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ 7-Aminoclonazepam .

Qualitative Accuracy study with LC-MS/MS as reference method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateDeviceResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeby LC-MS/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50% ofCutoffconcentrationby LC-MS/MS(&lt; 100ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below thecutoff and thecutoffconcentrationas determinedby LC-MS/MS) (100- 199 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50%above thecutoffconcentrationas determinedby LC-MS/MS)(200-300ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positives(Greater than50% abovecutoffconcentration(&gt; 300 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Negative agreement is $5 2 / 5 6 \ast 1 0 0 \% = 9 2 . 9 \%$ Positive agreement is $5 0 / 5 0 \ast 1 0 0 \% = 1 0 0 \%$ Overall agreement is $1 0 2 / 1 0 6 * 1 0 0 \% = 9 6 . 2 \%$

Semi-Quantitative Mode Accuracy study with LC-MS/MS as reference method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateDeviceResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeby LC-MS/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50% ofCutoffconcentrationby LC-MS/MS(&lt; 100ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below thecutoff and thecutoffconcentrationas determinedby LC-MS/MS) (100- 199 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50%above thecutoffconcentrationas determinedby LC-MS/MS)(200-300ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positives(Greater than50% abovecutoffconcentration(&gt; 300 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Negative agreement is $5 2 / 5 6 \ast 1 0 0 \% = 9 2 . 9 \%$ Positive agreement is $5 0 / 5 0 \ast 1 0 0 \% = 1 0 0 \%$ Overall agreement is $1 0 2 / 1 0 6 * 1 0 0 \% = 9 6 . 2 \%$

\*Discordant samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC-MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative/Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative/Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total BenzodiazepineParent Only (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA160606-045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA160926-057</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA170605-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151.52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA160908-003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192.87</td></tr></table>

Sample CA160926-057 contains $1 3 . 4 6 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ $\mathfrak { a }$ -Hydroxyalprazolam and $4 1 0 . 6 9 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ 7- Aminoclonazepam.

Sample CA170605-001 contains $1 . 4 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ $\mathfrak { a }$ -Hydroxyalprazolam and $5 6 0 . 3 7 \mathrm { n g / m L } 7$ - Aminoclonazepam.

Sample CA160908-003 contains $9 6 . 2 7 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ $\mathfrak { a }$ -Hydroxyalprazolam.

# e) Specificity

The cross-reactivity of benzodiazepine compounds and their metabolites were evaluated by adding known amounts of each compound to drug-free negative urine. The results are summarized in the tables below.

# Cross reactivity of benzodiazepine compounds and structurally unrelated compound\*

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Structurally related andunrelated compounds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactivity(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">182</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxytriazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">182</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clorazepate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">148</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demoxepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">220</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desalkylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">154</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">182</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">167</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-Hydroxyethylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">167</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">275</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">325</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">154</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norchlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">182</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">*Oxaprozin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">154</td></tr></table>

Structurally unrelated compounds were evaluated by adding each substance to Oxazepam spiked at low control, $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ( $- 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration) and the high control, $2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ $( + 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration), at the concentrations indicated. As shown in the table below, the Controls were detected accurately, Low Control as Negative and the High Control as Positive, indicating that all the compounds evaluated exhibited no significant cross-reactivity at the concentrations tested.

Structurally unrelated compounds spiked at the concentration listed below into Low and High control urine   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Structurally UnrelatedCompounds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">TestedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Spiked Oxazepam Level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive/Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive/Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetyl morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,11 Dihydrocarbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ-THC-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amisulpride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzotropine Mesylate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Captopril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloroquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cimetidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepine HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enalapril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluophenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haloperidol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxychloroquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxyzine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAAM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levothyroxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphentamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-6β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalbuphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norhydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norfluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norsertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62,500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortryptiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paroxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62,500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulpiride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triprolidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zaleplon</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zopiclone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr></table>

# f) Interference

The interference studies were performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP07-A2, using both Qualitative and Semi-quantitative modes. The potential interference of pH and endogenous physiologic substances on recovery of Oxazepam using DRI Benzodiazepine Assay was assessed by spiking known compounds of potentially interfering substances into the Low Control, $1 5 0 \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ $( - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration) and High Control, 250 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ $( + 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration). In the presence of the compounds listed below, the controls were detected accurately, indicating that these compounds did not show interference in the assay.

# Interference substances

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Tested Concentration(mg/dL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Spiked Oxazepam Level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Control-25% of cutoff(150 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Control+25% of cutoff(250 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galactose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Riboflavin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">pH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr></table>

# g) Specific Gravity

Drug free urine samples with specific gravity ranging in value within 1.000 to 1.030 were split and spiked with Oxazepam to a final concentration of either $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $2 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ (the Low Control and High Control concentrations, respectively). These samples were then evaluated in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. The Controls were detected accurately, indicating that no interference was observed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Spiked Oxazepam Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# H. Conclusion

The information supports a determination of substantial equivalence between DRI Benzodiazepine Assay and the predicate device Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay (K930529)