Cancer Genetics, Inc.   
Victoria Kusel   
Senior Corporate Legal Associate 133 Southcenter Court   
Morrisville, NC 27560

Re: K173839 Trade/Device Name: Tissue of Origin Test Kit-FFPE Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3100 Regulation Name: Amphetamine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OIW Dated: December 15, 2017 Received: December 18, 2017

Dear Ms. Victoria Kusel:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Yun-fu Hu -S

Reena Philip, Ph.D.GPS Yun-fu Director Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Tissue of Origin Test Kit-FFPE

Indications for Use (Describe)

Indication for Use: The Cancer Genetics Tissue of Origin Test is an in vitro diagnostic intended to measure the degree of similarity between the RNA expression patterns in a patient's formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tumor and the RNA expression patterns in a database of fifteen tumor types (poorly differentiated, undifferentiated and metastatic cases) that were diagnosed according to then current clinical and pathological practice. This test should be evaluated by a qualified physician in the context of the patient's clinical history and other diagnostic test results.

Limitations: The Cancer Genetics Tissue of Origin Test is not intended to establish the origin of tumors (e.g., cancer of unknown primary) that cannot be diagnosed according to current clinical and pathological practice. It is not intended to subclassify or modify the classification of tumors that can be diagnosed by current clinical and pathological practice, nor to predict disease course or survival or treatment efficacy, nor to distinguish primary from metastatic tumor. Tumor types not in the Cancer Genetics Tissue of Origin Test database may have RNA expression patterns that are similar to patterns in the database. Therefore, results cannot be used to distinguish tumor types in the database from tumor types not in the database.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned Special 510(k) number is K173839.

Date Prepared: December 15, 2017

807.92 (a)(1): Name: Cancer Genetics, Inc. Address: 1640 Marengo Street Los Angeles, CA 90033

Phone: (213) 863-0175   
Contact: Janet A. Graff, Quality Assurance Manager   
Fax: (323) 224-3096

807.92 (a)(2): Device Name – trade name and common name, and classification

Trade name: Cancer Genetics Tissue of Origin Test Kit-FFPE

Common name: Microarray, reagents and software system kit for gene expression-based diagnostics

Classification: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3100, Amphetamine Test System Class II

Product Code: OIW, Software, similarity score algorithm, tissue of origin for malignant tumor types

Panel: Toxicology (91)

# 807.92 (a)(3): Identification of the legally marketed predicate device

The Cancer Genetics Tissue of Origin Test Kit-FFPE as modified is substantially equivalent to the Pathwork Tissue of Origin Test Kit FFPE cleared under premarket notification K120489 on May 17, 2012 (which is substantially equivalent to the Pathwork Tissue of Origin Test Kit FFPE cleared under premarket notification K092967).

# 807.92 (a)(4): Device Description

The modified and the predicate devices (k092967 and k120489) are all in vitro diagnostic product consisting of a reagent kit and instructions, plus a microchip and software, for the comparison of the RNA expression pattern of a patient’s tumor sample to a database of expression patterns of 15 known tumor tissues. Equipment required but not provided are an Affymetrix GeneChip Fluidics Station FS450Dx v2 and an Affymetrix GeneChip Scanner GCS3000Dx, attached to an Affymetrix Workstation with GeneChip Operating System (GCOS). Additional equipment required but not provided is commonly available laboratory equipment.

# 807.92 (a)(5): Intended Use

The Cancer Genetics Tissue of Origin Test is an in vitro diagnostic intended to measure the degree of similarity between the RNA expression patterns in a patient’s formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tumor and the RNA expression patterns in a database of fifteen tumor types (poorly differentiated, undifferentiated and metastatic cases) that were diagnosed according to then current clinical and pathological practice. This test should be evaluated by a qualified physician in the context of the patient’s clinical history and other diagnostic test results.

Limitations: The Cancer Genetics Tissue of Origin Test is not intended to establish the origin of tumors (e.g., cancer of unknown primary) that cannot be diagnosed according to current clinical and pathological practice. It is not intended to subclassify or modify the classification of tumors that can be diagnosed by current clinical and pathological practice, nor to predict disease course or survival or treatment efficacy, nor to distinguish primary from metastatic tumor. Tumor types not in the Cancer Genetics Tissue of Origin Test database may have RNA expression patterns that are similar to patterns in the database. Therefore, results cannot be used to distinguish tumor types in the database from tumor types not in the database.

# 807.92 (a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to Predicate

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Comparison with Unmodified Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature/ component</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tissue of Origin Test Kit-FFPEK092967</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tissue of Origin Test Kit-FFPEK120489</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Tissue of Origin TestKit- FFPE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substantially equivalent to K092967cleared on May 17, 2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Pathwork Tissue of Origin Test isan in vitro diagnostic intended tomeasure the degree of similaritybetween the RNA expression patterns ina patient's formalin fixed, paraffinembedded (FFPE) tumor and the RNAexpression patterns in a database offifteen tumor types (poorlydifferentiated, undifferentiated, andmetastatic cases) that were diagnosedaccording to then current clinical andpathological practice. This test shouldbe evaluated by a qualified physician inthe context of the patient's clinicalhistory and other diagnostic test results.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microarray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathchip®</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same chip, same location of all geneexpression probes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same chip, same location of allgene expression probes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equipment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hybridization oven</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stain, wash</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Changed to GenechipT System3000 Dx v.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">As described in K092967</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">As described in K092967</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Changed to: Allow a minimum of30ng total RNA extracted fromtissue specimen is required at aconcentration of 10 ng/μI (± 0.5ng/μI).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Changed to GeneChip™M 3' IVTPico Kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purification ofbiotinylated cDNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">As Described in the Labeling inK092967</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Changed, Added EtOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Changed to GeneChipTM 3' IVTPico Kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal ProcessingQuality Control(Data Verification)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percent PositiveOverall SignalRegional Discontinuity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FTP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Algorithm as described in K092967</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Report</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graphic presentation of SimilarityScores for fifteen tissues of origin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">As K092967</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmplificationReagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">As K092967</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Changed to GeneChipTM 3' IVTPico Kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte Detected onChip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cDNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Probes employed intest</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Agreement withavailable diagnosis("accuracy")</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N= 462 (≥ 25 for each of 15 malignanttumor types). Agreement, 88.5%(85.3,91.3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percent agreement with resultreported by original method, vs.reported by changed method. N=45,3 per tissue attempted. 43 actuallyanalyzed, I quality failure, 1unusable because original test resultwith unavailable for comparison.Agreement, 99.7% (87.7, 99.9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percent agreement with resultreported by original method, vs.reported by changed method.Reagent Comparison:N=142, randomly selected fromthe 15 subtypesAgreement, 90.8% (83.6, 95.3)2. Software Comparison:N=20, randomly selectedAgreement, 100% (95.9, 100)</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (b)(1): Brief Description of Non-clinical data

Two modifications were assessed (i) a change in the method and reagents for amplification and (ii) an update to the microarray processing software.

A set of randomly selected tumor specimens analyzed previously using the 510(k) cleared method, were also analyzed using the modified method, and the results were compared.

The modified method used GeneChip™ $3 "$ IVT Pico Kit to perform target preparation while in the original $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ cleared method used the RampUp RNA amplification Kit. For this study, 142 specimens were selected from FFPE tumor specimens employed for assessment of performance during development of the original TOO-FFPE kit. The sample set included each of the tumor types in the database. Comparisons could be made for all 142 tumors. 133 of these were concordant and 9 were not, for a $\%$ concordance of $9 0 . 8 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of $8 3 . 6 \%$ , $9 5 . 3 \%$ . The change was considered validated, because all pre-established criteria were met or exceeded.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Concordance in Tissue of Origin Test Results Between Paired Specimens Processed with theRampUp RNA Amplification Kit and the GeneChipTM 3&#x27; IVT Pico Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Comparison</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>#Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Discordance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RampUpVersusPico</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133/142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[83.6, 95.3]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[5.7, 13.9]</td></tr></table>

The second modification to be assessed was the microarray processing software, which was upgraded from the Genechip™ System $3 0 0 0 { \mathrm { ~ D x } }$ (no longer supported by the manufacturer Affymetrix) to Genechip™ System $3 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { D x } }$ v.2 ( FDAcleared and CE marked for in vitro diagnostics use). For this study, 20 specimens were selected from reserves of FFPE tumor specimens employed for assessment of performance during development of the original TOO-FFPE kit and had also been analyzed using the GeneChip™ 3' IVT Pico Kit. For all 20 samples, the results were concordant between Dx and Dx v.2.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Concordance in Tissue of Origin Test Results Between Paired Specimens Processed with DxSoftware and Dx v.2 Software</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Comparison</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>#Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Discordance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DxVersusDx v.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[95.9, 100]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: The minor software and reagent changes have not changed the performance of the Test.

# 807.92 (b)(2): Brief Description of Clinical Data

No clinical data is provided in this special 510(k).

# 807.92 (b)(3): Conclusions from Clinical Testing

No clinical testing was provided in this special 510(k)