June 6, 2018

ARK Diagnostics, Inc.   
Cherry Mun   
Manager, Quality and Regulatory Affairs 48089 Fremont Boulevard   
Fremont, CA 94538

Re: k180427 Trade/Device Name: ARK Fentanyl Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG Dated: May 3, 2018 Received: May 4, 2018

Dear Cherry Mun:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

# Sincerely, Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) k180427</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name ARK Fentanyl Assay</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

T concentration of $1 . 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .The assay is intended for use in laboratories with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

TRay oi   ealyi ull must be used in order oobtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas ChromatographyMass Spectrometry GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical test result is positive.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

Teburden tieo holectinoation tate vraghours onclud tie to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete an review the collection nformation. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is K180427.

807.92 (a)(1): Name:

ARK Diagnostics, Inc.

Address:

48089 Fremont Blvd Fremont, CA 94538 USA

Owner Operator Number: 10027663   
Establishment Registration: 3005755244

Phone: (510) 270-6270   
FAX: (510) 270-6298   
Contact: Cherry Mun – (510) 270-6288 Manager of Quality and Regulatory Affairs

Date Prepared: May 03, 2018

# 807.92 (a)(2): Device Name – Trade Name, Common Name, and Classification

Trade Name: ARK™ Fentanyl Assay Common Name: Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay, Opiate Test System

Classification:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3650Opiate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (a)(3): Identification of the Legally Marketed Predicate Device

Immunalysis SEFRIA™ Fentanyl Urine Enzyme Immunoassay K161216

# 807.92 (a)(4): Device Description

The ARK Fentanyl Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay technique used for the analysis of a specific compound in human urine. The assay is based on competition between drug in the specimen and drug labeled with recombinant glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (rG6PDH) for antibody binding sites. As the latter binds antibody, enzyme activity decreases. In the presence of drug from the specimen, enzyme activity increases and is directly proportional to the drug concentration. Active enzyme converts nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH in the presence of glucose-6-phosphate (G6P), resulting in an absorbance change that is measured spectrophotometrically. Endogenous G6PDH does not interfere because the coenzyme NAD functions only with the bacterial enzyme used in the assay.

The ARK Fentanyl Assay consists of reagents R1 anti-fentanyl polyclonal antibody with substrate and R2 fentanyl derivative labeled with bacterial recombinant G6PDH enzyme.

# 807.92 (a)(5): Intended Use / Indications for Use

# ARK Fentanyl Assay

The ARK Fentanyl Assay is an immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection of fentanyl in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $1 . 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is intended for use in laboratories with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The ARK Fentanyl Assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE COMPARATIVE TABLE

Comparison between the Immunalysis SEFRIA™ Fentanyl Urine Enzyme Immunoassay and the $\mathbf { A R K ^ { T M } }$ Fentanyl Assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceImmunalysis SEFRIATM Fentanyl UrineEnzyme Immunoassay (K161216)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceARK™M Fentanyl Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogenous enzyme immunoassay(EIA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination offentanyl in human urine at a cutoffconcentration of 1.0 ng/mL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User Environment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical laboratories; Prescription useonly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mass SpectrometryConfirmation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Required to confirm preliminary positiveanalytical results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform Required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated clinical chemistry analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid  Ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two (2) reagent system:Antibody/substrate reagent and enzymelabeled conjugateSodium azide preservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit antibodies to fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceImmunalysis SEFRIATM Fentanyl UrineEnzyme Immunoassay (K161216)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceARKTM Fentanyl Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absorbance change measuredspectrophotometrically at 570 nm.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absorbance change measuredspectrophotometrically at 340 nm.</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (b)(1) and 807.92 (b)(2): Brief Description of Nonclinical and Clinical Data

The following performance characteristics were obtained on the Beckman Coulter $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { A U 6 8 0 } } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ automated clinical chemistry analyzer.

# Precision

Precision studies were performed using CLSI EP05-A3 as a guideline. Drug-free, negative human urine was supplemented with fentanyl (0.00 to $2 . 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ). Each level was assayed in quadruplicate twice a day for 20 days $\mathrm { ( N { = } } 1 6 0$ ). Results are summarized in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relative %Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97 Negative;63 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity

All compounds tested were added to drug-free, negative human urine.

The cross-reactivity of the following metabolites and structural analogs of fentanyl was evaluated by spiking these compounds into drug-free, negative human urine to determine the minimum concentration that would give a positive result approximately equivalent to the 1.0 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ fentanyl cutoff. These concentrations were used to determine the percent cross-reactivity according to the formula:

$\%$ Cross-reactivity $=$ (Cutoff concentration / Lowest concentration of cross-reactant causing a positive result) X 100

For the compounds Alfentanil, Norcarfentanil and Remifentanil that did not produce a positive result, the highest concentration tested was used to calculate percent cross-reactivity.

# Cross-reactivity

# Norfentanyl (Major Metabolite)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Norfentanyl(Major Metabolite)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td></tr></table>

Other Metabolites and Structural Analogs of Fentanyl   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowestConcentrationTested ThatProduced aResponseApproximatelyEquivalent to theCutoff(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acrylfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ω-1-Hydroxyfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isobutyryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ocfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butyryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furanyl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valeryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) β-hydroxythiofentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Fluoro-isobutyrylfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-fluorobutyrylfentanyl (p-FBF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-fluoro fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)-3-cis-methylfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Despropionylfentanyl (4-ANPP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sufentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcarfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remifentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001</td></tr></table>

The following opioids, structurally similar compounds, and functional analogs were negative at the concentrations tested with the ARK Fentanyl Assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetyl morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphineglucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normeperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EMDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluoxetine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentazocine(Talwin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pipamperone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Risperidone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tapentadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tilidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol-O-Desmethyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol-N-Desmethyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trazodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

High concentrations of the following structurally unrelated compounds were added into fentanylspiked urine $( \pm ~ 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration). The substances listed below did not yield a false result relative to the cutoff.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 ng/mL(-50% Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 ng/mL(+50% Cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bupropion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maprotiline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methapyrilene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methaqualone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valproic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

Interference studies were performed using CLSI EP07-A2 as a guideline. High concentrations of the following endogenous substances were added into fentanyl-spiked urine $( \pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration). No interference was observed when tested with the ARK Fentanyl Assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 ng/mL(-50% Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 ng/mL(+50% Cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# Interference – Specific Gravity and pH

Urine samples with specific gravity values from 1.001 to 1.030 and $\mathsf { p H }$ values ranging from 3.0 to 11.0 were tested in the presence of the two levels of fentanyl at $\pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration. No interference was observed when tested with the ARK Fentanyl Assay.

# Interference – Boric Acid

One percent $( 1 \% )$ w/v of boric acid was added into fentanyl-spiked urine $( \pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration). Results are provided in the table below.

<table><tr><td>Compound</td><td>Concentration Tested</td><td>0.5 ng/mL (-50% Cutoff)</td><td>1.5 ng/mL (+50% Cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td>Boric Acid</td><td>1% w/v</td><td>Negative</td><td>Negative</td></tr></table>

A total of one hundred fifty (150) unaltered clinical urine specimens that are not individually identifiable were analyzed for fentanyl with the ARK Fentanyl Assay and by LC-MS/MS. The LC-MS/MS confirmatory method was performed by a licensed reference laboratory and used a fentanyl cutoff of $0 . 2 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

Specimens were tested with the ARK Fentanyl Assay in single replicates on a Beckman Coulter AU680 analyzer and compared to results obtained by LC-MS/MS. Groups of around 10-30 specimens were assayed per run. Each run was verified by assaying the bi-level ARK Fentanyl Controls $( 0 . 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $1 . 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ) as quality control samples. Samples with values above the assay range $( > 1 0 . 0 \ \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ were diluted with negative urine calibrator (ARK Fentanyl Calibrator A) and retested.

Results are summarized as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">ARK Result</td><td rowspan="2">Low Negative Less than 50% below the Cutoff (&lt; 0.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan="2">Near Cutoff Negative Between 50% below the Cutoff and the Cutoff (0.5 - 0.9</td><td rowspan="2">Near Cutoff Positive Between the Cutoff and 50% above the Cutoff</td><td rowspan="2">High Positive Greater than 50% above</td></tr><tr><td>the Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>MS/MS) 1*</td><td>MS/MS) 20</td><td>ng/mL by LC- MS/MS) 12</td><td>by LC- MS/MS) 64</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>50</td><td>3</td><td>0</td><td>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results

\*Norfentanyl was detected in this discordant sample (Sample ID $\# 0 5 2$ ) and contributed to the positive result obtained with the ARK Fentanyl Assay for this sample.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample ID Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARK Immunoassay Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl(ng/mL by LC-MS/MS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">051</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">052*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">053</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">054</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">055</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">056</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">057</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">058</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">059</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">060</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">061</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">062</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">063</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">064</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">065</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">066</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">069</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">070</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">072</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">073</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">074</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr></table>

# Traceability and Value Assignment

ARK Fentanyl Calibrators and Controls are prepared by volumetric dilution of high purity fentanyl (certified solution traceable to HPLC) into non-sterile, processed human urine free of fentanyl. Testing is performed with the ARK Fentanyl Assay on the Beckman Coulter AU680 automated clinical chemistry analyzer, calibrated with the ARK Fentanyl Calibrator.

# Calibration Curve Stability

A stored calibration curve was effective up to at least 15 days based on supporting data.   
Calibration curve stability may depend on individual laboratory performance.

# 807.92 (b)(3): Conclusions from Nonclinical Testing

As summarized above, the ARK Fentanyl Assay is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device, Immunalysis SEFRIA™ Fentanyl Urine Enzyme Immunoassay (K161216).