February 28, 2018

Hangzhou Clongene Biotech Co.,Ltd. $\%$ Jesse Xia   
Manager   
LSI International   
504 E Diamond Ave., Suite I   
Gaithersburg, MD 20877

Re: k180255 Trade/Device Name: CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3150 Regulation Name: Barbiturate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PTH, PTG, NGL, NGG, NFT, NFW, NFY, NFV Dated: January 25, 2018 Received: January 30, 2018

Dear Jesse Xia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

# Sincerely, Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known) k180255

Device Name CLUNGENE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Test Dip Card CLUNGENE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup

Indications for Use (Describe)   
CLUNGENE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Test Dip Card is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for   
qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine,   
Oxycodone, Secobarbital and Methadone in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

Drug(Identifier) Calibrator Cut-off level Amphetamine d-Amphetamine 1000 ng/mL Oxazepam Oxazepam 300 ng/mL Cocaine Benzoylecgonine 300 ng/mL Marijuana 11-Nor-△9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH 50 ng/mL Methamphetamine d-Methamphetamine 1000 ng/mL Morphine Morphine 300 ng/mL Oxycodone Oxycodone 100 ng/mL Secobarbital Secobarbital 300 ng/mL Methadone Methadone 300 ng/mL

Configuration of the CLUNGENE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Test Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Oxazepam, Secobarbital and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

CLUNGENE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital and Methadone in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

Drug(Identifier) Calibrator Cut-off level Amphetamine d-Amphetamine 1000 ng/mL Oxazepam Oxazepam 300 ng/mL Cocaine Benzoylecgonine 300 ng/mL Marijuana 11-Nor-△9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH 50 ng/mL Methamphetamine d-Methamphetamine 1000 ng/mL Morphine Morphine 300 ng/mL Oxycodone Oxycodone 100 ng/mL Secobarbital Secobarbital 300 ng/mL Methadone Methadone 300 ng/mL

Configuration of the CLUNGENE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Oxazepam, Secobarbital and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY k180255

1. Date:

February 28, 2018

2. Submitter:

Hangzhou Clongene Biotech Co., Ltd. 20 Longquan Road Hangzhou 311121, China

3. Contact person:

Zheng Shujian   
Hangzhou Clongene Biotech Co., Ltd. 20 Longquan Road   
Hangzhou 311121, China   
Telephone: 86 571 88262120   
Email: frank@clongene.com.

4. Device Name:

CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup

Classification: Class 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NFTAmphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3100, Amphetamine TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NFWCannabinoids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ⅱ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3870, Cannabinoids TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NFYCocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3250, Cocaine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NGGMethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ⅱ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NGLMorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ⅱ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3650, Opiate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NFVOxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ⅱ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3170,Benzodiazepine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NGLOxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ⅱ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3650, Opiate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PTHSecobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3150, Barbiturate TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PTGMethadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3620, Methadone TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices: K142396

The Chemtrue $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Panel Drug Screen Dip Card Tests

# 6. Intended Use

CLUNGENE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Test Dip Card is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital and Methadone in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td>Drug(Identifier)</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Oxazepam Oxazepam 300 ng/mL Cocaine Benzoylecgonine 300 ng/mL Marijuana 11-Nor- $\cdot \triangle ^ { 9 }$ -Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH 50 ng/mL Methamphetamine d-Methamphetamine 1000 ng/mL Morphine Morphine 300 ng/mL Oxycodone Oxycodone 100 ng/mL Secobarbital Secobarbital 300 ng/mL Methadone Methadone 300 ng/mL

Configuration of the CLUNGENE $^ { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Test Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Oxazepam, Secobarbital and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

CLUNGENE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital and Methadone in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td>Drug(Identifier)</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Oxazepam</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>11-Nor-Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH</td><td>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine</td><td>Morphine</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>Oxycodone</td><td>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Secobarbital</td><td>Secobarbital</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>Methadone</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the CLUNGENE $^ { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Oxazepam, Secobarbital and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# 7. Device Description

The CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup are immunochromatographic assays that use a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of

Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital and Methadone (target analytes) in human urine. The products are single-use in vitro diagnostic devices. The CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card kit contains a Dip Card device, a package insert and a urine cup for sample collection. The CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup kit contains a Cup device, a package insert and a urine cup for sample collection. Each test device is sealed with a desiccant in an aluminum pouch.

8. Substantial Equivalence Information A summary comparison of features of the CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup and the predicate devices is provided in following tables.

Table 1: Features Comparison of CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate - K142396</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination of drugs ofabuse in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same (but the number ofdrugs detected is different)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator andCut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP): 1,000 ng/mlOxazepam (BZO):300 ng/mlCocaine(COC): 300 ng/ml11-Nor-Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH(THC):50 ng/mlMethamphetamine (MET): 1,000 ng/mlMorphine (MOR): 300ng/mLOxycodone(OXY) : 100 ng/mlSecobarbital (BAR): 300 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based on theprinciple of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Features Comparison of CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup Tests and the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate - K142396</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication(s)for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative determination ofdrugs of abuse in human urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same (but the number ofdrugs detected is different)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator and Cut-OffValues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine (AMP): 1,000 ng/mlOxazepam (BZO):300 ng/mlCocaine(COC): 300 ng/ml11-Nor-Δ 9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH(THC):50 ng/mlMethamphetamine (MET): 1,000 ng/mlMorphine (MOR): 300ng/mLOxycodone(OXY) : 100 ng/mlSecobarbital (BAR): 300 ng/mlMethadone (MTD): 300 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For over-the-counter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dip Card</td></tr></table>

# 9. Test Principle

The CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card, and CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup are rapid tests for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital and Methadone in urine samples. The tests are lateral flow chromatographic immunoassays. During testing, a urine specimen migrates upward by capillary action. If target drugs present in the urine specimen are below the cut-off concentration, it will not saturate the binding sites of its specific monoclonal mouse antibody coated on the particles. The antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized drug-conjugate and a visible colored line will show up in the test line region. The colored line will not form in the test line region if the target drug level exceeds its cutoff-concentration because it will saturate all the binding sites of the antibody coated on the particles. A band should form in the control region of the devices regardless of the presence of drug or metabolite in the sample to indicate that the tests have been performed properly.

10.Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, - $7 5 \%$ cut off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut off, cut off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off , $+ 7 5 \%$ cut off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut off. These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative urine samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by LC/MS. All sample aliquots were blindly labeled by the person who prepared the samples and didn’t take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days per device in a randomized order. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables for Secobarbital, Methadone and Oxycodone. The data for Methamphetamine, Morphine and Marijuana were reported in k153741; and the data for Amphetamine, Oxazepam and Cocaine were reported in k161251.

# Secobarbital

CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>286</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>370</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>457</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>559</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-/28+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26-/24+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27-/23+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/ MS (ng/mL)LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>286</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>370</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>457</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>559</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26-/24+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27-/23+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21-/29+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# Methadone

CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card   
CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>431</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>507</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26-/24+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29-/21+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27-/23+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>431</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>507</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27-/23+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28-/22+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

Oxycodone CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23-/27+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28-/22+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-/30+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28-/22+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-/28+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

The following cut-off values are verified.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug(Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD )</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY )</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity

Not applicable.

c. Stability

The devices are stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study at $4 5 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Real time stability studies are ongoing.

d. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and target drugs urine with concentrations at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These urine samples were tested using three lots of each device. Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized in the following tables. There were no differences observed between the CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetominophen (4-Acetamidophenol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Octopamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin (5- Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone, 3-acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-(β-Dglucuronide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D L-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disopyramide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

To demonstrate that there are no interference from each of the nine drug analytes on the other eight drug strips, devices in both CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup were tested using standard drug urine solutions at three fold cut-off drug concentrations of each drug analyte. Tests showed positive result only for each target drug and negative result for other drugs.

e.Specificity   
To test specificity, drug metabolites and other structurally related compounds that are likely to cross-react in urine samples were spiked into negative urine and were tested using three lots of each device. The lowest concentration that caused a positive result for each compound are listed below for Secobarbital, Methadone and Oxycodone. The data for Methamphetamine, Morphine and Marijuana were reported in k153741; and the data for Amphetamine, Oxazepam and Cocaine were reported in k161251. There were no differences observed between the CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital(Cut-off=300 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alphenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aprobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butabarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butathal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclopentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>Result</td><td>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td>(Cut-off=300 ng/mL)</td><td>Positive at(ng/ml)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAAM HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alpha Methadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone(Cut-off=100 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at(ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thebaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr></table>

# f. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples, with 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of each device. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off and all negative for samples at and below $- 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off. There were no differences observed between the CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup.

# 2. Comparison Studies

Method comparison studies for the CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and the CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup were performed in-house with three laboratory assistants for each device. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples for each drug. The samples were blind labeled and compared to GC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below for Secobarbital, Methadone and Oxycodone. The data for Methamphetamine, Morphine and Marijuana were reported in k153741; and the data for Amphetamine, Oxazepam and Cocaine were reported in k161251.

# Secobarbital

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CLUNGENEMulti-DrugTest Dip Card</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byGC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>High Positiveby GC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip CardViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLUNGENEMulti-DrugTest EasyCup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byGC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby GC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Easy CupViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>349</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Methadone

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLUNGENEMulti-DrugTest Dip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byGC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby GC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip CardViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTD28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTD14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTD29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLUNGENEMulti-DrugTest EasyCup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byGC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby GC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EasyCupViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTD14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTD28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTD28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTD14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTD29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTD76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Oxycodone

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLUNGENEMulti-DrugTest Dip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byGC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby GC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC/MS Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dip CardViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXY66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXY39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXY30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLUNGENEMulti-DrugTest EasyCup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byGC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byGC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byGC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby GC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EasyCupViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Lay-user study

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 300 lay persons for each device format. The lay users had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 18 to $> 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; negative, $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drugs into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by LC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. Each device was tested. Results are shown below.

CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Drugs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% of Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Numberofsamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lay person results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Thepercentageof correctresults(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">AMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">BAR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">COC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">BZO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">MET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">MTD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">MOP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">OXY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">175</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr></table>

CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Drugs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% of Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ofsamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">LC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofPositive</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">No. ofNegative</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">AMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">BAR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">COC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">BZO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">MET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">MTD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">MOP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">OXY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">175</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

3. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# 11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity, method comparison, and lay-user studies of the devices, it’s concluded that the CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and CLUNGENE Multi-Drug Test Easy Cup are substantially equivalent to the predicate.