April 5, 2018

Assure Tech (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. $\%$ Joe Shia   
Manager   
LSI International   
504 E Diamond Ave, Suite I   
Gaithersburg, MD 20877

Re: K180349 Trade/Device Name: AssureTech Panel Dip Tests, AssureTech Quick Cup Tests Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3100 Regulation Name: Amphetamine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NFT, NFW, NFY, NGG, NGL, NFV, PTH, NGM, PTG, QAW, QBF Dated: February 5, 2018 Received: February 8, 2018

Dear Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,y,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name AssureTech Panel Dip Tests AssureTech Quick Cup Tests

Indications for Use (Describe) AssureTech Panel Dip Tests and AssureTech Quick Cup Tests are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Methadone, EDDP, Nortriptyline and d-Propoxyphene in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

Drug(Identifier)   
Amphetamine   
Oxazepam   
Cocaine   
Marijuana   
Methamphetamine   
Morphine   
Oxycodone   
Secobarbital   
Buprenorphine   
Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine   
Phencyclidine   
Methadone   
EDDP   
Nortriptyline   
d-Propoxyphene

Cut-off level   
1000 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
50 ng/mL   
1000 ng/mL   
$3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or 2000 ng/mL   
100 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
10 ng/mL   
500 ng/mL   
25 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
1000 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL

Configuration of the AssureTech Panel Dip Tests and the AssureTech Quick Cup Tests can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Nortriptyline, Oxazepam, Secobarbital, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.   
For in vitro diagnostic use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

k180349 510(k) SUMMARY

1. Date:

March 13, 2018

2. Submitter:

Assure Tech. Co., Ltd.   
Building 1, No.10, Xiyuansan Road, Westlake Economic Zone   
Hangzhou, China, 310030

3. Contact person:

Eric Lin   
Assure Tech. Co., Ltd.   
Building 1, No.10, Xiyuansan Road, Westlake Economic Zone   
Hangzhou, China, 310030   
Telephone: 510-860-4680   
Email: customerservice@assurelabs.com.

4. Device Name:

AssureTech Panel Dip Tests AssureTech Quick Cup Tests

Classification: Class 2   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFTAmphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3100, AmphetamineTest System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFWCannabinoids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3870, CannabinoidsTest System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFYCocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3250, Cocaine andCocaine Metabolites Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGGMethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGLMorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">¤</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3650, MorphineTest System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFVOxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3170,Benzodiazepine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGLOxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3650, Opiate TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTHSecobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">¤</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3150, BarbiturateTest System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGLBuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3650,Opiate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGGMethylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGMPhencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unclassified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme ImmunoassayPhencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTGMethadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3620, MethadoneTest System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTG2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine(EDDP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3620, MethadoneTest System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QAWNortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR, 862.3910 TricyclicAntidepressant Drugs Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QBFPropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR, 862.3700 PropoxypheneTest System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices: K153050

The CO-INNOVATION BIOTECH Rapid Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and Rapid Multi-Drug Test Cup

6. Indications for Use

AssureTech Panel Dip Tests and AssureTech Quick Cup Tests are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Methadone, EDDP, Nortriptyline and d-Propoxyphene in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

Drug(Identifier)   
Amphetamine   
Oxazepam   
Cocaine   
Marijuana   
Methamphetamine   
Morphine   
Oxycodone   
Secobarbital   
Buprenorphine   
Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine   
Phencyclidine   
Methadone   
EDDP   
Nortriptyline   
d-Propoxyphene

Cut-off level   
1000 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
50 ng/mL   
1000 ng/mL   
$3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or 2000 ng/mL   
100 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
10 ng/mL   
500 ng/mL   
25 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
1000 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL

Configuration of the AssureTech Panel Dip Tests and the AssureTech Quick Cup Tests can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Nortriptyline, Oxazepam, Secobarbital, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

7. Device Description

The AssureTech Panel Dip Tests and AssureTech Quick Cup Tests are immunochromatographic assays that use a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Methadone, EDDP, Nortriptyline and Propoxyphene (target analytes) in human urine. The products are single-use in vitro diagnostic devices, which come in the formats of Panel Dip Cards or Cups. Each test kit contains a Test Device (in one of the two formats), a package insert and a urine cup for sample collection. Each test device is sealed with a desiccant in an aluminum pouch

8. Substantial Equivalence Information A summary comparison of features of the AssureTech Panel Dip Tests and AssureTech Quick Cup Tests and the predicate devices is provided in following tables.

Table 1: Features Comparison of AssureTech Panel Dip Tests and the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td>Devices Item</td><td>Device</td><td>Predicate - K153050</td></tr><tr><td>Indication(s) for Use</td><td>For the qualitative determination of drugs of abuse in human urine.</td><td>Same (but the number of drugs detected is different)</td></tr><tr><td>Calibrator and Cut-Off Values</td><td>Amphetamine (AMP): 1,000 ng/ml Oxazepam (BZO):300 ng/ml Cocaine(COC): 300 ng/ml Marijuana (THC):50 ng/ml Methamphetamine (MET): 1,000 ng/ml Morphine (MOR): 300ng/mL or 2000 ng/ml Oxycodone(OXY) : 100 ng/ml Secobarbital (BAR): 300 ng/ml Buprenorphine (BUP): 10 ng/ml Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine(MDMA): 500 ng/ml Phencyclidine (PCP): 25 ng/ml Methadone (MTD): 300 ng/ml 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3- diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP): 300 ng/ml Nortriptyline (TCA): 1000 ng/ml Propoxyphene (PPX): 300 ng/ml</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Methodology</td><td>Competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays based on the principle of antigen antibody immunochemistry.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Type of Test</td><td>Qualitative</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Specimen Type</td><td>Human Urine</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>For over-the-counter</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Configurations</td><td>Dip Card</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Features Comparison of AssureTech Quick Cup Tests and the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>I able 2: Features Comparison of Assure T ech Quick Cup Tests and the Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate - K153050</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination ofdrugs of abuse in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same (but the number ofdrugs detected is different)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator and Cut-OffValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP): 1,000 ng/mlOxazepam (BZO):300 ng/mlCocaine(COC): 300 ng/mlMarijuana (THC):50 ng/mlMethamphetamine (MET): 1,000 ng/mlMorphine (MOR): 300ng/mL or 2000 ng/mlOxycodone(OXY) : 100 ng/mlSecobarbital (BAR): 300 ng/mlBuprenorphine (BUP): 10 ng/mlMethylenedioxy-methamphetamine(MDMA): 500 ng/mlPhencyclidine (PCP): 25 ng/mlMethadone (MTD): 300 ng/ml2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP): 300 ng/mlNortriptyline (TCA): 1000 ng/mlPropoxyphene (PPX): 300 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 9. Test Principle

The AssureTech Panel Dip Tests, and AssureTech Quick Cup Tests are rapid tests for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Methadone, EDDP, Nortriptyline and Propoxyphene in urine samples. The tests are lateral flow chromatographic immunoassays. During testing, a urine specimen migrates upward by capillary action. If target drugs present in the urine specimen are below the cut-off concentration, it will not saturate the binding sites of its specific monoclonal mouse antibody coated on the particles. The antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized

drug-conjugate and a visible colored line will show up in the test line region. The colored line will not form in the test line region if the target drug level exceeds its cutoff-concentration because it will saturate all the binding sites of the antibody coated on the particles. A band should form in the control region of the devices regardless of the presence of drug or metabolite in the sample to indicate that the tests have been performed properly.

10.Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, - $7 5 \%$ cut off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off , $+ 7 5 \%$ cut off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut off. These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by LC/MS. All sample aliquots were blindly labeled by the person who prepared the samples and didn’t take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days per device in a randomized order. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables for 2- ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP), Nortriptyline (TCA) and Propoxyphene (PPX). The rest data were reported in the k170049.

EDDP Panel Dip   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-/41+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-/40+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-/41+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

Quick Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-/40+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-/41+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-/41+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# Nortriptyline

Panel Dip

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-/40+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-/41+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-/40+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

Quick Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-/41+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-/42+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-/42+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

Propoxyphene Panel Dip

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12-/38+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-/41+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-/39+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

Quick Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-/41+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-/42+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-/41+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# c. Stability

The devices are stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study at $4 5 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and real time stability determination at both $4 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and $3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# d. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and target drugs urine with concentrations at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These urine samples were tested using three batches of each device. Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ (albumin was tested at $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ) are summarized in the following tables. There were no differences observed for different devices.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin (100 mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin (5- Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloral hydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-(β-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)-Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

e.Specificity   
To test specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in urine samples were tested using three batches of each device. The lowest concentration that caused a positive result for each compound are listed below for 2-ethylidene-1, 5- dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP), Nortriptyline (TCA) and Propoxyphene (PPX). The rest data were reported in the k170049. There were no differences observed for different devices.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP(Cut-off=300 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP(2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EMDP                    (2-Ethyl-5-methyl-3,3-diphenylpyrroline)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Disopyramide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAAM (Levo-alpha-acetylmethadol) HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha Methadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline(Cut-off=1000 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maprotiline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordoxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norclomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene(Cut-off=300 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at (ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norpropoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.1%</td></tr></table>

# f. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples, with 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of each device. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off and all negative for samples at and below $- 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off. There were no differences observed for different devices.

# 2. Comparison Studies

Method comparison studies for the AssureTech Panel Dip Tests and the AssureTech Quick Cup Tests were performed in-house with three laboratory assistants for each device. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples for each drug. The samples were blind labeled and compared to LC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below for 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP), Nortriptyline (TCA) and Propoxyphene (PPX). The rest data were reported in the k170049.

# EDDP

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PanelDip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip CardViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86905</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63254</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24973</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickCup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quick CupViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47796</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63254</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24973</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Nortriptyline

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PanelDip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip CardViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>942</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1081</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1081</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickCup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LC/MS Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quick CupViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50313</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">942</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77063</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1081</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td>Viewer B</td><td>54803</td><td>1130</td><td>Negative</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# Propoxyphene

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PanelDip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip CardViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31727</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickCup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickCupViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>359</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>359</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Lay-user study

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 310 lay persons for each device format. The lay users had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 18 to $> 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; negative, $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drugs into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by LC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. Each device was tested. Typical results are shown below.

The results summary for AMP:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>508</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>752</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1506</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1748</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for BAR:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Drug Concentrationby LC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>456</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>521</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for COC:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>528</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for BUP:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% of Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Number ofsamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lay person Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for MET:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>496</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>757</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1504</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1744</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for MTD:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Drug Concentrationby LC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>528</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for MOR:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Drug Concentrationby LC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>371</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>447</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>521</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for OXY:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% of Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Number ofsamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Drug Concentrationby LC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lay person Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">128</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">154</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">171</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for PCP:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Drug Concentrationby LC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for THC:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Drug Concentrationby LC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for BZO:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>519</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for MDMA:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% of Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Number ofsamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Drug Concentrationby LC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lay person Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">121</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">253</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">371</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">628</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">756</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">879</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for TCA:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Drug Concentrationby LC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>254</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>755</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1508</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1745</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for EDDP:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Drug Concentrationby LC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The results summary for PPX:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Drug Concentrationby LC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>453</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

# 3. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity, method comparison, and lay-user studies of the devices, it’s concluded that the AssureTech Panel Dip Tests and AssureTech Quick Cup Tests are substantially equivalent to the predicate.