September 20, 2018

Premier Biotech, Inc.   
c/o Lisa Pritchard   
Regulatory, Quality & Compliance Consultant DuVal & Associates   
825 Nicollet Mall Suite 1820   
Minneapolis, MN 55402

Re: k181305 Trade/Device Name: OralTox $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Oral fluid Drug Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3610 Regulation Name: Methamphetamine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJC, DJG, DIO, DKZ, LCM, LDJ, DJR Dated: August 9, 2018 Received: August 10, 2018

Dear Lisa Pritchard:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K181305

Device NameOralTox $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Oral fluid Drug Test

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The OralTox $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Oral Fluid Drug Test is a competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Cocaine, Marijuana (THC), Methamphetamine, Opiates, Phencyclidine, Oxycodone and Methadone in human oral fluid at the cutoff concentrations listed below and their metabolites:

Test Calibrator Cutoff (ng/mL)   
Amphetamine (AMP) d-Amphetamine 50   
Cocaine (COC) Benzoylecgonine 20   
Marijuana (THC) Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol 40   
Methamphetamine (MET) d-Methamphetamine 50   
Opiates (OPI) Morphine 40   
Phencyclidine (PCP) Phencyclidine 10   
Oxycodone (OXY) Oxycodone 20   
Methadone (MTD) Methadone 30

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry/ Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. It is not intended to detect intermittent dosing of Oxycodone. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# k181305 510(k) SUMMARY

1. Date:

September 19, 2018

2. Submitter:

Premier Biotech Inc 723 Kasota Avenue SE, Minneapolis MN 55414

3. Contact person:

Jackie Gale Premier Biotech Inc 723 Kasota Avenue SE, Minneapolis MN 55414

Telephone: 612-839-5565 Email: jgale $@$ premierbiotech.com

4. Device Name:

OralTox $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Oral fluid Drug Test

Classification:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3610 Methamphetamine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3250 Cocaine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3650 Opiate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3100 Amphetamine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Immunoassay Phencyclidine Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3870 Cannabinoids Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3610 Methadone Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices:

Predicate Device K171403: OralTox Oral Fluid Drug Test

Reference Devices K002010: OraSure Methadone Intercept Micro-plate K122809: Advin Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup

6. Intended Use The OralTox $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Oral Fluid Drug Test is a competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Cocaine, Marijuana (THC), Methamphetamine, Opiates, Phencyclidine, Oxycodone and Methadone in human oral fluid at the cutoff concentrations listed below and their metabolites:

Test Calibrator Cutoff (ng/mL)   
Amphetamine (AMP) d-Amphetamine 50   
Cocaine (COC) Benzoylecgonine 20   
Marijuana (THC) Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol 40   
Methamphetamine (MET) d-Methamphetamine 50   
Opiates (OPI) Morphine 40   
Phencyclidine (PCP) Phencyclidine 10   
Oxycodone (OXY) Oxycodone 20   
Methadone (MTD) Methadone 30

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry/ Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. It is not intended to detect intermittent dosing of Oxycodone. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

# 7. Device Description

The OralTox Oral fluid Drug Test is an immunochromatographic assay that uses a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine, Oxycodone and Methadone (target analytes) in human oral fluid. The products are single-use in vitro diagnostic devices. Each test kit contains a test cup, a package insert and a sample collection sponge. Each test device is sealed with a desiccant in an aluminum pouch.

8. Substantial Equivalence Information A summary comparison of features of the OralTox Oral fluid Drug Test and the predicate devices is provided in following tables.

Table 1: Features Comparison of OralTox Oral fluid Drug Test and the Predicate and Reference Devices   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device K171403</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative determination ofdrugs of abuse in human oral fluid.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Amphetamine (AMP)Cocaine (COC)Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC)D-Methamphetamine (MET)Morphine (OPI)Phencyclidine (PCP)Oxycodone (OXY)Methadone (MTD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Amphetamine (AMP)Cocaine (COC)Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol(THC)D-Methamphetamine (MET)Morphine (OPI)Phencyclidine (PCP)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assaysbased on the principle of antigenantibody immunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Oral Fluid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-Off Values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP 50 ng/mLCOC 20 ng/mLTHC 40 ng/mLMET 50 ng/mLOPI 40 ng/mLPCP 10 ng/mLOXY 20 ng/mLMTD 30 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same, except OXY and MTD notincluded</td></tr></table>

9. Test Principle

The OralTox Oral Fluid Drug Test is a rapid test for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Phencyclidine, Oxycodone and Methadone in oral fluid samples. The tests are lateral flow chromatographic immunoassays. During testing, an oral fluid specimen migrates upward by capillary action. If target drugs present in the oral fluid specimen are below the cut-off concentration, it will not saturate the binding sites of its specific monoclonal mouse antibody coated on the particles. The antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized drug-conjugate and a visible colored line will show up in the test line region. The colored line will not form in the test line region if the target drug level exceeds its cutoff-concentration because it will saturate all the binding sites of the antibody coated on the

particles. A band should form in the control region of the devices regardless of the presence of drug or metabolite in the sample to indicate that the tests have been performed properly.

10.Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance a. Precision-Reproducibility-Cut-Off

Precision-Reproducibility-Cut-Off studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut off, cut off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off , $+ 7 5 \%$ cut off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut off. These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative oral fluid samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by LC/MS/MS. All sample aliquots were blindly labeled by the person who prepared the samples and didn’t take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 10 days per device lot in a randomized order. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables for Methadone and Oxycodone. The rest of the data were reported in K171403.

The results summary for methadone   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resultdrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54-/6+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55-/5+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55-/5+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/10-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

The results summary for oxycodone   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resultdrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55-/5+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/10-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54-/6+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56-/4+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57+/3-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

The following cut-off values for the candidate device have been verified.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity

Not applicable.

c. Stability

The devices are stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study at $4 5 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and real time stability study at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ and $3 0 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ .

# d. Interference

Potential interfering substances were added to drug-free oral fluid and target drugs oral fluid with concentrations at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These oral fluid samples were tested using three batches of the OralTox device. Compounds that showed no interference for all eight drugs at a concentration of $1 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Digoxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotinamide</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Allobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>diltiazem HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noscapine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omeprazole</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DL-Propranolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apomorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentazocine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atenolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine methylester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estradiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylpropanolamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baclofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estrone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenytoin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluconazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pioglitazone HCl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butabarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisolone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hexobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procainamide HCl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine HCL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lamotrigine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinine HCI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cimetidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levetiracetam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R,R(-)-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citalopram HBr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clobazam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lormetazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline HCL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Thyroxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simvastin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metformin HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylphenidate HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clopidogrel bisulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metoprolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Topiramate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valproic Acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Montelukast sodium salt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Salbutamol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zonisamide</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deoxycorticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Food items such as methanol cough drops, cough syrup, cola, mouthwash, coffee, tea, milk, sugar, chewing gum, alcohol, baking soda, salt, cranberry juice, orange juice, food coloring (red, blue, green), toothpaste, tomatoes and MSG were added in either drug-free oral fluid or oral fluid containing the target drug with concentrations of $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above cutoff levels to a concentration of $5 \%$ . None of the substances showed interference.   
Hemoglobin showed no interference at $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { \mu g / m L }$ .   
Cigarette smoking showed no interference.

e.Specificity

To test specificity, drug metabolites and other structural related compounds that are likely to interfere in oral fluid samples were tested using three batches of the OralTox device. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables for Methadone and Oxycodone. The rest of the data were reported in K171403.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone(Cut-off=20 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-AM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine -3-β-d-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone(Cut-off=30 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at(ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha-Methadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-Ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenyl pyrolidine (EDDP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-Ethyl-5-methyl-3,3-diphenylpyrroline (EMDP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr></table>

# f. Effect of Oral fluid pH

To investigate the effect of oral fluid $\mathsf { p H }$ , oral fluid samples with $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of the device. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 5 0 \%$ Cut-Off and all negative for samples at and below $- 5 0 \%$ Cut-Off.

# g. Drug Recovery Study

Negative oral fluid samples in glass bottles were spiked with the drug to concentrations of - $50 \%$ and $+ 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff. The samples were transferred to OralTox devices and stored at room temperature, at $- 2 0 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ and at $4 0 \%$ . Over $90 \%$ recoveries were observed for all drugs in

the OralTox devices. Oral fluid samples can be stored in the device at $- 2 0 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ for at least 3 months. Oral fluid samples can be shipped overnight in the device for LC-MS confirmation.

# 2. Method Comparison Studies

Method comparison studies for the OralTox Oral fluid Drug Test were performed at eight testing sites with three operators at each site. Operators tested total 932 samples and compared to LC/MS/MS results. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables for Oxycodone and Methadone. The rest of the data were reported in K171403.

Oxycodone   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>OralTox Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than Half theCutoff Concentrationby LC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of Oxycodone   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82509</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66855</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55774</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58969</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58466</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59839</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Methadone   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% of Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Numberofsamples</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">OralTox Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug Free</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">277</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">277</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Less than Half theCutoff Concentrationby LC/MS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near Cutoff Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near Cutoff Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">173</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">173</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">173</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of Methadone   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37797</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29605</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59547</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# 3. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# 11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, interference, specificity, and method comparison studies of the devices, it’s concluded that the OralTox Oral fluid Drug Test is substantially equivalent to the stated predicate device.