February 13, 2019

Spirosure, Inc.   
$\%$ Erika Ammirati, President   
Ammirati Regulatory Consulting 575 Shirlynn Court   
Los Altos, CA 94022

Re: K182874 Trade/Device Name: Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Nitric Oxide Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3080 Regulation Name: Breath nitric oxide test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MXA Dated: January 11, 2019 Received: January 15, 2019

Dear Erika Ammirati:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.IRU Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K182874

Device Name Fenom Pro™ Nitric Oxide Test

Indications for Use (Describe)

Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Nitric Oxide Test is a portable, non-invasive device to measure fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO) in human breath. FeNO is increased in some airway inflammatory processes, such as asthma, and often decreases in response to anti-inflammatory treatment. Measurement of FeNO by Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ is a method to measure the decrease in FeNO concentration in asthma patients that often occurs after treatment with anti-inflammatory pharmacological therapy as an indication of therapeutic effect in patients with elevated FeNO levels. FeNO measurements are to be used as an adjunct to established clinical assessments. Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ is suitable for children, approximately 7-17 years, and adults 18 years and older.

Testing using the Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ should only be done in a point-of-care healthcare setting under professional supervision.   
Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ should not be used in critical care, emergency care or in anesthesiology.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92. The assigned 510(k) number is K182874. This document was

807.92 (a)(1): Name: Spirosure, Inc. Address: 7020 Koll Center Parkway, Suite 110 Pleasanton, CA 94566

Phone: Email: Contact:

(925) 264-7720 ryan@spirosure.com Mr. Ryan Leard

Date of Preparation: October 11, 2018

807.92 (a)(2): Device name- trade name and common name, and classification

Trade name: Fenom Pro™ Nitric Oxide Test

Common Name: Breath nitric oxide test system

Classification: 21 CFR Part 862.3080

807.92 (a)(3): Identification of the legally marketed predicate devices NIOX MINO (Aerocrine AB, Morrisville, NC), K072816

# 807.92 (a)(4): Device Description

Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ is a point-of-care breath analyzer that uses solid-state electrochemical technology to measure the fraction of exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO), a marker for airway inflammation, in human exhaled breath. Measurement of FeNO by Fenom Pro is a quantitative and non-invasive method to indicate therapeutic effects of anti-inflammatory pharmacological therapy in patients with elevated FeNO levels. Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ is suitable for children, approximately 7-17 years, and adults 18 years and older.

Fenom Pro uses solid state, potentiometric, sensor technology sensitive to nitric oxides (NO) compounds. The solid state sensor is fluidly preceded by a reactive filter material that renders (oxidizes) potentially confounding species such as carbon monoxide (CO), ammonia $\mathrm { ( N H } _ { 4 } )$ , and methanol $\mathrm { ( C H 4 O ) }$ inactive, or inert, to the NO sensor. Fenom Pro provides visual and audible feedback during its use. The visual and audible feedback is especially important during the $\mathrm { F e N O }$ measurement such that the user can modulate their breath speed within the flow parameters required by the American Thoracic Society (ATS) and the European Respiratory Society (ERS) standards.

Fenom Pro is comprised of four major components. The main unit contains a touch screen interface for the use as well as houses the nitric oxide sensor and pneumatics needed to sample the patient’s breath. The patient interfaces with Fenom though the mouthpiece which is attached to the handpiece. The handpiece is connected to the main unit via a breath tube. The handpiece contains a breath conditioning cartridge which prepares the breath sample from the patient for proper analysis in the main unit. Both the mouthpiece and the breath conditioning cartridge are consumables.

# 807.92 (a)(5): Intended Use

Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Nitric Oxide Test is a portable, non-invasive device to measure fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO) in human breath. FeNO is increased in some airway inflammatory processes, such as asthma, and often decreases in response to anti-inflammatory treatment. Measurement of FeNO by Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ is a method to measure the decrease in FeNO concentration in asthma patients that often occurs after treatment with anti-inflammatory pharmacological therapy as an indication of therapeutic effect in patients with elevated FeNO levels. FeNO measurements are to be used as an adjunct to established clinical assessments. Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ is suitable for children, approximately 7-17 years, and adults 18 years and older.

Testing using the Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ should only be done in a point-of-care healthcare setting under professional supervision. Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ should not be used in critical care, emergency care or in anesthesiology.

# 807.92 (a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate

The following chart describes similarities and differences between Fenom $\mathrm { P r o } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ and the predicate.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceFenom ProTM Nitric Oxide Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceNIOX MINO(K072816)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenom ProTM Nitric Oxide Test is aportable, non-invasive device to measurefractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO) inhuman breath. FeNO is increased insome airway inflammatory processes,such as asthma, and often decreases inresponse to anti-inflammatory treatment.Measurement of FeNO by Fenom ProTMis a method to measure the decrease inFeNO concentration in asthma patientsthat often occurs after treatment withanti-inflammatory pharmacologicaltherapy as an indication of therapeuticeffect in patients with elevated FeNOlevels. FeNO measurements are to beused as an adjunct to established clinicalassessments. Fenom ProTM is suitablefor children, approximately 7-17 years,and adults 18 years and older.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIOX MINO® measures Nitric Oxide(NO) in human breath. Nitric Oxide isfrequently increased in someinflammatory processes such asasthma. The fractional NOconcentration in expired breath(FeNO), can be measured by NIOXMINO according to guidelines for NOmeasurement established by theAmerican Thoracic Society.Measurement of FeNO by NIOXMINO is a quantitative, non-invasive,simple and safe method to measure thedecrease in FeNO concentration inasthma patients that often occurs aftertreatment with anti-inflammatorypharmacological therapy, as anindication of the therapeutic effect inpatients with elevated FeNO levels.NIOX MINO is suitable for children,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing using the Fenom ProTM shouldonly be done in a point-of-carehealthcare setting under professionalsupervision. Fenom ProTM should not beused in critical care, emergency care orin anesthesiology.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">approximately 7 - 17 years, and adults18 years and older.FeNO measurements provide thephysician with means of evaluating anasthma patient's response to anti-inflammatory therapy, as an adjunct tothe established clinical and laboratoryassessments in asthma. The NIOXMINO is intended for prescription useand should only be used as directed inthe NIOX MINO User Manual bytrained healthcare professionals. NIOXMINO cannot be used with infants orby children approximately under theage of 7, as measurement requirespatient cooperation. NIOX MINOshould not be used in critical care,emergency care or in anesthesiology.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3080</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MXA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA Branch</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology/Chemistry (75)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Locale</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Point-of-Care, Professional</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Exhaled human breath</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemical sensor technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factory Calibrated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-200ppb NO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-300ppb NO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10ppb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5ppb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">approximately 30 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">approximately one minute</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Supply</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100-240V, ~50-60Hz</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100-240V, ~47-63Hz</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (b)(1): Brief Description of Nonclinical Data

Accuracy and Environmental Testing

Two devices were tested over three concentrations with five replicates each at 5 different environmental conditions for a total of 150 tests. The five different conditions tested are summarized in the table below.

Tested Conditions   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Case</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Case Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temperature (C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relative Humidity (%RH)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ambient Temp / Ambient Humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Temp / Low Humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Temp / Low Humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Temp / High Humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15o</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Temp / High Humidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td></tr></table>

For each concentration, nitric oxide was mixed in a balance gas of simulated breath. Each concentration sample was measured using a chemiluminescence device calibrated against a NIST traceable NO tank. This measurement was used to calculate the device error for each replicate. The data are shown below.

Accuracy Study Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Case</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Conc.(ppb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ActualConcentration(ppb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Score(ppb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Std Dev Score(ppb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper 95%Error Limit(ppb/%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower 95% ErrorLimit (ppb/%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AccuracyAcceptanceCriterion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass/Fail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ambient T/ Ambient RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.548</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.97ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-5ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ambient T/ Ambient RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.095</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.84ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-5ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ambient T/ Ambient RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.707</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.12%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ambient T/ Ambient RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.837</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.48%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ambient T/ Ambient RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.707</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.59%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.07%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ambient T/ Ambient RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.517</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.13%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High T/High RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.90ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.90ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-5ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High T/High RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.837</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.33ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.93ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-5ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High T/High RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.643</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.74%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.45%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High T/High RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.483</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.29%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High T/High RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.683</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.31%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High T/High RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.581</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.28%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.59%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High T/Low RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.46ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.46ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-5ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High T/Low RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.894</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.65ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-5ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High T/Low RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.837</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.19%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High T/Low RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.707</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.55%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High T/Low RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.414</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.92%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.88%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High T/Low RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.837</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.63%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.38%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low T/High RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.85ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.25ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-5ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low T/High RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.447</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.57ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-5ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low T/High RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.64%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.65%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low T/High RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.894</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low T/High RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.342</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.14%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low T/High RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.548</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.61%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.76%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low T/Low RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.5ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.5ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-5ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low T/Low RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.447</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.57ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-5ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low T/Low RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.095</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.77%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low T/Low RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.447</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low T/Low RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.702</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.16%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9.81%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low T/ Low RH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GP35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.34%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7.07%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

# Precision

The precision study was based on CLSI EP05-A3 (80 replicates per sample per device). Nitric oxide was mixed in a balance gas of simulated breath. Samples were measured using a chemiluminescence device calibrated against a NIST traceable NO tank. Data were collected from 5 devices over 5 operating days, 2 sessions per day, 4 runs per session with 2 replicates for each concentration, using the concentrations 10, 25, 75 and $2 0 0 \ \mathrm { p p b }$ , by multiple operators. The data are shown below.

Analytical Precision Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Repeatability</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(ppb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(ppb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bag ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GammaPrime02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GammaPrime04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GammaPrime05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GammaPrime06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GammaPrime07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Within-Device Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(ppb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(ppb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bag ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GammaPrime02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GammaPrime04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GammaPrime05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GammaPrime06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GammaPrime07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5%</td></tr></table>

Linearity

Nitric oxide was mixed in a balance gas of simulated breath to obtain 8 NO concentration levels (5, 10, 15, 30, 50, 100, 150, 200 ppb). Samples were measured using a chemiluminescence device calibrated against a NIST traceable NO tank. Each concentration was tested in five replicates. Linearity was assessed across two devices. The linear regression of the device as compared to a reference measurement shall have a slope between 0.95 and 1.05 and r2 values greater than 0.998.

Linearity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GammaPrime42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GammaPrime49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Detection

The limit of detection study was based on CLSI-EP17-A2. Two devices were tested at 0 ppb (60 replicates), 5 ppb (30 replicates) and $1 0 \ \mathrm { p p b }$ (30 replicates) over three days. Using the parametric option in CLSI-EP17-A2, the Limit of Detection (LoD) was calculated. The results are shown below.

Limit of Detection Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection (ppb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spec Requirement (ppb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass/Fail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

# Interference Testing- other gasses

Sensor interference levels were tested in a laboratory setting. The applicable concentration of each substance was generated, the gas stream was fed to the sensor by a gas mixing system, and the sensor signal was measured. In the cases were test concentrations were higher than the minimum test concentrations, the sensor signals were scaled appropriately. Test gases were flowed at 100 ccm, and were exposed to the sensors for 25 seconds. The target was that the change in response to the interference gases at specified minimum or higher concentrations shall be equal to or less than the response of 4 ppb NO.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Expected inExhaled Breath</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensor Interference,Equivalent to ppb NO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaldehyde</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ppm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetonitrile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120.8 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ammonia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ppm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 ppb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbon Dioxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8% vol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8% vol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbon Monoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ppm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ppm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165 ppm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165 ppm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.2 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ppm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ppm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrogen Sulfide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ppm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ppm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.0 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoprene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 ppm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ppm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrogen Peroxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ppm, balance air</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ppm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 ppb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxygen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.4 ppb</td></tr></table>

There were no observed interferences causing a response larger than a 4 ppb NO equivalent response for any of the substances except acetonitrile. Acetonitrile is only present in exhaled breath when someone has recently smoked1,2. The ATS recommends that $\mathrm { F e N O }$ testing not be performed after smoking, and Fenom Pro is labeled in this manner.

Interference Testing- Exogenous Substances

A study was performed with seven commonly used oral substances (see below). A minimum of 10 volunteers per substance determined their baseline Fenom Pro levels, ingested or used the substance, and then repeated their Fenom Pro measurements 10 minutes and 60 minutes after the exposure. The 10-mintue data were for interest, only. For non-interference to be validated, the mean differences between 60 minutes and baseline values needed to be within 5 ppb. Further, the lower and upper $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals around the means needed to pass through zero.

Summary Data Pre and Post Exogenous Exposure   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exogenous Compound</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alcohol Free Mouthwash</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeinated Soda</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine Free Soda</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menthol Lozenge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouthwash with Alcohol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Menthol Lozenge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toothpaste</td></tr></table>

The data indicated that Fenom Pro was not impacted by any of the substances at 60 minutes.

Mean   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Test         Mean       difference    Lower   UpperExposure               description  difference  &lt;5ppb        95%      95%      95% CI includes zero</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Alcohol FreeMouthwash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Caffeinated Soda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Caffeine Free Soda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Menthol Lozenge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mouthwash withAlcohol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Non-MentholLozenge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Toothpaste</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (b)(2): Brief Description of Clinical Data

In one study, the clinical precision, as it relates to user bias of Fenom Pro, was evaluated in a mixed study population of 127 subjects- including 44 pediatric subjects (ages 5-17 years) and 83 adults. Subjects were asked to obtain two Fenom Pro measurements with the assistance of three health care professionals (HCPs), for a total of six Fenom Pro evaluations per subject. Both subjects and HCPs completed ease-of-use questionnaires after the testing.

The objective of the evaluation was to confirm there is no user bias for Fenom Pro. The maximum mean bias observed was only $1 . 2 \ \mathrm { p p b }$ between pairs of HCPs. Very high quantitative agreement was demonstrated between HCPs by Deming regression, correlation, and all bias analyses as shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Slope               Y-Intercept             Pearson R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HCP 1 v HCP 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9775</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4455</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9937</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl: 0.9473 to 1.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl: -0.53 to 1.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl: 0.9910 to 0.9955</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HCP 2 vs HCP 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9815</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9945</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl: 0.9467 to 1.0160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl: -0.080 to 2.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl: 0.9923 to 0.9962</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HCP 1 v HCP 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9584</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9873</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl: 0.9169 to 0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl: -0.36 to 2.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl: 0.9819 to 0.9910</td></tr></table>

The within subject precision was also assessed from this study population and is presented below in three tables: the first for the whole study population $\mathrm { ( n { = } 1 2 7 }$ ), second the pediatric population $( \mathrm { n } { = } 4 4 )$ , and third those aged $= > 1 8$ $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 8 3 )$ ).

Summary of Clinical Precision for FeNO measurements, Age group $=$ ALL $( \mathrm { n } { = } 1 2 7 )$ )   

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="3">Within Subject</td><td colspan="2">Within Subject</td></tr><tr><td>Median Concentrations</td><td>N</td><td>Mean SD</td><td>95% CI for SD</td><td>Mean CV (%)</td><td>95% CI for CV</td></tr><tr><td>0 to &lt;10</td><td>0</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>10 to &lt;20</td><td>13</td><td>2.19</td><td>1.57, 3.61</td><td>14.23%</td><td>10.21%, 23.49%</td></tr><tr><td>20 to &lt;30</td><td>30</td><td>2.44</td><td>1.94, 3.28</td><td>10.11%</td><td>8.05%, 13.59%</td></tr><tr><td>30 to &lt;40</td><td>29</td><td>2.71</td><td>2.15, 3.66</td><td>8.11%</td><td>6.44%, 10.97%</td></tr><tr><td>40 to &lt;50</td><td>11</td><td>4.74</td><td>3.31, 8.31</td><td>10.98%</td><td>7.67%, 19.27%</td></tr><tr><td>&gt;=50</td><td>44</td><td>5.57</td><td>4.60, 7.05</td><td>5.94%</td><td>4.91%, 7.52%</td></tr></table>

Summary of Clinical Precision for FeNO measurements, Age group <18yrs $( \mathrm { n } { = } 4 4 )$   

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="3">Within Subject</td><td colspan="3">Within Subject</td></tr><tr><td>Median Concentrations</td><td>N</td><td>Mean SD</td><td>95% CI for SD</td><td>Mean CV (%)</td><td></td><td>95% CI for CV</td></tr><tr><td>0 to &lt;10</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>10 to &lt;20</td><td></td><td>2.51</td><td></td><td>1.57, 6.16</td><td>14.70%</td><td>9.18%, 36.06%</td></tr><tr><td>20 to &lt;30</td><td></td><td>2.60</td><td></td><td>1.72, 5.29</td><td>10.84%</td><td>7.17%, 22.07%</td></tr><tr><td>30 to &lt;40</td><td></td><td>2.55</td><td></td><td>1.59, 6.25</td><td>7.25%</td><td>4.52%, 17.77%</td></tr><tr><td>40 to &lt;50</td><td>06∞04</td><td>6.38</td><td></td><td>3.62, 23.78</td><td>13.89%</td><td>7.87%, 51.77%</td></tr><tr><td>&gt;=50</td><td>20</td><td>5.74</td><td></td><td>4.36, 8.38</td><td>6.27%</td><td>4.77%, 9.16%</td></tr></table>

Summary of Clinical Precision for FeNO measurements, Age group >= 18yrs $( \mathrm { n } { = } 8 3 )$ )   

<table><tr><td>Median Concentrations</td><td colspan="3">Within Subject</td><td colspan="3">Within Subject Mean CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>N</td><td>Mean SD</td><td>95% CI for SD</td><td></td><td></td><td>95% CI for CV</td></tr><tr><td>0 to &lt;10</td><td></td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td></td><td></td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>10to 20</td><td>od</td><td>1.91</td><td></td><td>1.23, 4.21</td><td>13.83%</td><td>8.91%, 30.46%</td></tr><tr><td>20 to &lt;30</td><td></td><td>2.38</td><td></td><td>1.83, 3.40</td><td>9.85%</td><td>7.57%, 14.07%</td></tr><tr><td>30 to &lt;40</td><td>23</td><td>2.75</td><td></td><td>2.13, 3.89</td><td>8.34%</td><td>6.45%, 11.80%</td></tr><tr><td>40 to &lt;50</td><td>7.</td><td>3.80</td><td></td><td>2.45, 8.36</td><td>9.32%</td><td>6.00%, 20.52%</td></tr><tr><td>&gt;=50</td><td>24</td><td>5.43</td><td></td><td>4.22, 7.61</td><td>5.66%</td><td>4.40%, 7.94%</td></tr></table>

HCPs and subjects generally indicated favorable responses for the features of the device via their questionnaires. For the subject group, favorable impressions of the system were recorded approximately $9 3 \%$ of time; for the HCP group, favorable impressions of the system were recorded approximately $9 6 \%$ of time.

Clinical Precision was also assessed from a study that closely embodies the clinical use condition, where each subject provided replicate $( \mathbf { n } = 2 )$ ) FeNO measurements at Visit 1 (baseline) and Visit 2 (after approximately two weeks of high dose corticosteroid therapy). The data were analyzed by median FeNO scores within FeNO concentration subgroups across the reporting range for the device. The table below presents the whole study population $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { n } = 8 2 )$ ), but data were also subgrouped by age range: 5 to 17 years $\mathrm { ( n { = } } 3 7 \mathrm { ) }$ , and $\geq 1 8$ years $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { n } = 4 5 )$ . The clinical imprecision was less than 5ppb by mean standard deviation for FeNO values below $5 0 \mathrm { p p b }$ , and $\% \mathrm { C V s }$ for FeNO values greater than 50ppb were maintained at less than $10 \%$ , unless the sample size was small, across all subgroups.

Summary of Clinical Precision of FeNO Measurements by Visit   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Within Subject                  Within SubjectMedian Concentrations  N     Mean SD     95% CI for SD   Mean CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI for CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Visit 1 (Baseline)           0 to &lt;10              0         -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 to &lt;20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6        1.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80, 3.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.09%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.43%, 17.40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to &lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5        4.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.98, 14.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.78%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.45%, 59.75%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 to &lt;40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5        2.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22, 5.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.76%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.45%, 16.55%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 to &lt;50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13       3.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.18, 5.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.76%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.85%, 11.16%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 to &lt;75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23       3.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.86, 5.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.23%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.82%, 8.82%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 to &lt;100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12       6.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.53, 10.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.20%, 12.47%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;=100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18       4.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.28, 6.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.09%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.32%, 4.63%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Visit 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 to &lt;10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2       0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13, 9.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.48%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.55%, 111.03%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 to &lt;20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12       1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83,2.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.71%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.46%, 13.08%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to &lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20       1.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43, 2.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.48%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.69%, 10.93%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 to &lt;40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18       1.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36, 2.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.23%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.93%, 7.85%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 to &lt;50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11       2.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56, 3.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.64%, 9.15%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 to &lt;75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15       2.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.15, 4.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.87%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.56%, 7.68%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 to &lt;100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3        5.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.72, 32.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.33%, 40.25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;=100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1        2.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.69%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Age Group</td><td>Visit</td><td>Median Concentrations</td><td>N</td><td>Within Subject Mean SD</td><td>95% CI for SD</td><td>Within Subject Mean CV (%)</td><td>95% CI for CV</td></tr><tr><td>5 to 17</td><td>Visit 1 (Baseline)</td><td>0 to &lt;10</td><td>0</td><td></td><td></td><td>-</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>10 to &lt;20</td><td>2</td><td>0.27</td><td>0.12, 8.67</td><td>1.63%</td><td>0.73%, 51.98%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>20 to &lt;30</td><td>4</td><td>5.54</td><td>3.14, 20.66</td><td>23.45%</td><td>13.29%, 87.40%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>30 to &lt;40</td><td>2</td><td>2.82</td><td>1.26, 89.96</td><td>7.34%</td><td>3.27%, 234.17%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>40 to 50</td><td>5</td><td>4.52</td><td>2.71, 13.00</td><td>10.23%</td><td>6.13%, 29.42%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>50 to &lt;75</td><td>11</td><td>4.13</td><td>2.88, 7.24</td><td>7.04%</td><td>4.92%, 12.36%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>75 to &lt;100</td><td>3</td><td>16.31</td><td>8.49, 102.54</td><td>18.73%</td><td>9.75%, 117.75%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>&gt;=100</td><td>10</td><td>4.57</td><td>3.14, 8.34</td><td>3.31%</td><td>2.28%, 6.05%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Visit 2</td><td></td><td></td><td>0.20</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>0 to &lt;10</td><td>1 7</td><td>1.33</td><td>0.86, 2.93</td><td>2.78%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>10 to &lt;20</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>8.28%</td><td>5.33%, 18.23%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>20 to &lt;30</td><td>11</td><td>1.48</td><td>1.04, 2.60</td><td>5.88%</td><td>4.11%, 10.32%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>30 to &lt;40</td><td>7</td><td>1.43</td><td>0.92, 3.15</td><td>4.00%</td><td>2.58%, 8.81%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>40 to 50</td><td>1</td><td>1.59</td><td></td><td>3.19%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>50 to &lt;75</td><td>8</td><td>2.83</td><td>1.87, 5.76</td><td>4.71%</td><td>3.12%, 9.59%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>75 toto &lt;100 &gt;=100</td><td>1 1</td><td>3.50 2.41</td><td></td><td>3.97% 1.69%</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Age Group        Visit                   Median Concentrations  N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within SubjectMean SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI for SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within SubjectMean CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI for CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=15 colspan=4>&gt;=18             Visit 1 (Baseline)           0 to &lt;10              010 to &lt;20             420 to &lt;30             130 to c40             340 to 50             850 to &lt;75             1275 to &lt;100            9&gt;=100               8Visit 2                  0 to &lt;10              110 to &lt;20             520 to &lt;30             930 to &lt;40             1140 to 50             1050 to &lt;75             775 to &lt;100            2&gt;=100               0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.01, 6.65</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9.83%10.11%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5.57%, 36.62%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>10 to &lt;2020 to &lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.782.70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>30 to c40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79, 9.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.45%, 29.55%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>40 to 50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39, 4.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.59%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.04%, 9.35%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>50 to &lt;75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.33,5.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.49%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.89%, 9.33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>75 to &lt;100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.08,5.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.55%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.40%, 6.80%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>&gt;=100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.72, 8.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85%, 5.70%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 to &lt;10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.57, 2.75</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>4.18%6.91%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>4.14%, 19.86%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 to &lt;20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to &lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60, 4.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.44%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.37%, 18.08%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 to &lt;40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43, 3.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.02%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.21%, 10.56%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 to 50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58, 4.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.42%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.73%, 9.89%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 to &lt;75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97, 6.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.05%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.25%, 11.12%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>75 to &lt;100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.71, 193.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.62%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.40%, 243.16%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>&gt;=100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

In a third study, Fenom Pro was evaluated to show clinical efficacy; the study was designed to demonstrate that the device can be used successfully to monitor changes in fractional exhaled nitric oxide in uncontrolled asthma patients when therapeutic agents are administered. Specifically, the intent was to show that there is a significant concordance between Fenom Pro and other established asthma-related outcome measures.

A total of 82 subjects (37 five to 17 years of age and 45 aged 18 and older) with uncontrolled asthma participated in a longitudinal study where measurements for FeNO, spirometry, and asthma questionnaires were completed at baseline (Visit 1) and two weeks later (Visit 2) after therapeutic agents were administered. The data demonstrated that significant differences between the two visits were achieved for all three modalities, and therefore concordance between Fenom Pro and the established asthma-related outcome measures.

The results of Passing-Bablok regressions are summarized in the table below for the key asthma condition assessments of FEV1 and ACQ/pACQ that show concordance. Note that two subject records did not have asthma symptom scores available thus study population for the correlations dropped to $\scriptstyle \mathrm { n = 8 0 }$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FeNO vs. FEV1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FeNO vs. ACQ/pACQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N in comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope point estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0089</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope 95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0032 to 0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0014- 0.0148</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-intercept pointestimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0956</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.5018</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-intercept 95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0091 - 0.1250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.7432 to -0.1848</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kendall&#x27;s Tau pointestimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1599</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1931</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kendall&#x27;s Tau 95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.3003 to -0.0126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0468  0.3312</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kendall&#x27;s Tau p-value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0370</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0125</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (b)(3): Conclusions from Nonclinical and Clinical Data

The conclusions drawn from the analytical and clinical data demonstrate that the device is safe and effective for its intended use.