June 19, 2019

Quidel Cardiovascular Inc.   
Rachael Williamson   
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs 9975 Summers Ridge Road   
San Diego, CA 92121

Re: k182719 Trade/Device Name: Quidel Triage $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ TOX Drug Screen, 94600 Quidel Triage $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ MeterPro Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3100 Regulation Name: Amphetamine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DKZ, LAF, DIS, JXM, JXO, DJR, DJG, LDJ, LFG, KHO Dated: June 13, 2019 Received: June 14, 2019

Dear Rachael Williamson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listi of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name   
Quidel Triage $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ TOX Drug Screen, 94600   
Quidel Triage $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ MeterPro   
Indications for Use (Describe)   
Quidel Triage $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ TOX Drug Screen, 94600:   
The Quidel Triage $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ TOX Drug Screen, 94600 is a fluorescence immunoassay to be used with the Quidel Triage $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$   
MeterPro for the qualitative determination of the presence of drugs and/or metabolites in human urine of up to 9 drug   
assays at or above the threshold concentrations. The threshold concentrations are provided below:

Abbreviation Analyte Calibrator Cutoff AMP Amphetamines d-Amphetamine 500 ng/mL mAMP Methamphetamines d-Methamphetamine 500 ng/mL BAR Barbiturates Butalbital 200 ng/mL BZO Benzodiazepines Temazepam 200 ng/mL COC Cocaine Benzoylecgonine 150 ng/mL EDDP Methadone Metabolite EDDP 100 ng/mL OPI Opiates Morphine 300 ng/mL THC Cannabinoids 11-nor-9-carboxy-Δ9-THC 50 ng/mL TCA Tricyclic Antidepressants Desipramine 1000 ng/mL

This test provides only a preliminary test result. Clinical consideration and professional judgment must be applied to any drug test result, particularly in evaluating a preliminary positive result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectroscopy (GC/MS), Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectroscopy / Mass Spectroscopy (LC-MS/MS) and High Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC) are common confirmatory methods.

Quidel Triage $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ MeterPro: The Quidel Triage $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ MeterPro is a portable fluorescence instrument used to measure the results of tests manufactured by Quidel Cardiovascular Inc. The Quidel Triage $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ MeterPro can be used in a laboratory or in a point-of-care setting.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# K182719

# 1. 510(K) SUMMARY

# 1.1. Date Prepared:

June 18, 2019

# 1.2. Purpose for Submission:

New device

# 1.3. Measurand:

Amphetamine, Methamphetamine, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, Cocaine, EDDP (2-ethylidene1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine), Opiates, Cannabinoids, Tricyclic Antidepressants

# 1.4. Type of Test:

Qualitative, lateral flow immunofluorescence

# 1.5. Applicant:

Quidel Cardiovascular Inc. 9975 Summers Ridge Road San Diego, California 92121 Telephone: 858-302-0334 Fax: 858-805-8622

Rachael S. Williamson (Submission Contact)

# 1.6. Proprietary and Established Names:

Quidel Triage® TOX Drug Screen, 94600 Quidel Triage® MeterPro

# 1.7. Regulatory Information:

Quidel Triage® TOX Drug Screen, 94600:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulatory Section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DKZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3100,Amphetamine test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3610,Methamphetamine testsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DIS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3150,Barbiturate test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JXM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3170,Benzodiazepine test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JXO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3250, Cocaineand cocaine metabolite testsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3260,Methadone test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3650, Opiatetest system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LDJ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3870,Cannabinoid test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LFG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3910, Tricyclicantidepressant drugs testsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology (91)</td></tr></table>

Quidel Triage® MeterPro:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.2560, Fluorometer forclinical use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr></table>

# 1.8. Intended Use:

Quidel Triage® TOX Drug Screen, 94600: The Quidel Triage® TOX Drug Screen, 94600 is a fluorescence immunoassay to be used with the Quidel Triage® MeterPro for the qualitative determination of the presence of drugs and/or metabolites in human urine of up to 9 drug assays at or above the threshold concentrations. The threshold concentrations are provided below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbreviation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mAMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barbiturates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone Metabolite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-9-carboxy-Δ9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tricyclic Antidepressants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

This test provides only a preliminary test result. Clinical consideration and professional judgment must be applied to any drug test result, particularly in evaluating a preliminary positive result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography / Mass Spectroscopy (GC/MS), Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectroscopy / Mass Spectroscopy (LC-MS/MS) and High Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC) are common confirmatory methods.

# Quidel Triage® MeterPro:

The Quidel Triage® MeterPro is a portable fluorescence instrument used to measure the results of tests manufactured by Quidel Cardiovascular Inc. The Quidel Triage $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ MeterPro can be used in a laboratory or in a point-of-care setting.

# 1.9. Device Description:

Quidel Triage® TOX Drug Screen, 94600: The Quidel Triage® TOX Drug Screen, 94600 is a single use test device and is used in conjunction with the Quidel Triage® MeterPro. The device contains murine monoclonal antibody conjugates and drug conjugates labeled with a fluorescent dye or immobilized on the solid phase and stabilizers. The testing device is inserted into and read by the Quidel Triage® MeterPro. Threshold concentrations are used to separate a negative result from a presumptive positive result.

# Quidel Triage® MeterPro:

The Quidel Triage MeterPro is a portable fluorescence instrument used to measure the results of tests manufactured by Quidel Cardiovascular Inc. The Quidel Triage MeterPro can be used in a laboratory or in a point-of-care setting.

The Quidel Triage MeterPro uses a laser as a light source. Light from the laser hits a test device that has been inserted in the meter. This causes the fluorescent dye in the test device to give off energy. The more energy the fluorescent dye gives off, the stronger the signal.

# 1.10. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate Device Name:

GenPrime Drugs of Abuse (DOA) Reader System   
Immunalysis Barbiturates Urine Enzyme Immunoassay   
DRI Benzodiazepine Assay   
Immunalysis EDDP Specific Urine Enzyme Immunoassay   
Biosite Incorporated Triage TOX Drug Screen   
Biosite Incorporated Triage Meter

2. Predicate 510(k) Number:

K130082, GenPrime Drugs of Abuse (DOA) Reader System   
K161714, Immunalysis Barbiturates Urine Enzyme Immunoassay   
K173963, DRI Benzodiazepine Assay   
K151395, Immunalysis EDDP Specific Urine Enzyme Immunoassay   
K043242, Biosite Incorporated Triage® TOX Drug Screen   
K973547, Biosite Incorporated Triage® Meter

3. Comparison with Predicate:

Quidel Triage® TOX Drug Screen, 94600:

Assays: Amphetamines (AMP), Methamphetamines (mAMP), Cocaine (COC), Opiates (OPI), and Cannabinoids (THC)

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuidelTriage®TOX DrugScreen, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenPrimeDrugs ofAbuse(DOA) Reader System(K130082)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitativedetermination of drugs ofabuse in human urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive assay, whereconcentration of drug isinversely related to the signaldetected by the instrument.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel Triage®  TOXDrugScreen,, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenPrimeDrugs of Abuse(DOA) Reader System(K130082)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Procedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample is added to a singleuse test device which is thenread by the instrument. Theinstrument is designed to readmultiple assays at the sametime.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-use Test Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte Cutoffs(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP = 500mAMP = 500COC = 150OPI= 300THC = 50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP = 500 (OS Cup; SK Cup)MET = 500 (OS Cup; SK Cup)COC = 150 (OS Cup)MOP = 300 (SK Cup)THC = 50 (OS Cup; SK Cup)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuidelTriage TOXDrugScreen, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenPrimeDrugs ofAbuse(DOA) Reader System(K130082)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte Cutoffs(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BAR = 200BZO= 200EDDP = 100TCA = 1000MTD, OXY, PCP are not panelassays and have no associatedanalyte cutoffs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BAR = 300 (OS Cup)MTD = 300 (SK Cup)MOP = 2000 (SK Cup)PCP = 25 (SK Cup)BZO, EDDP, and TCA are notpanelassays and havenoassociated cutoff</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Device Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cassette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-30°</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measures  fluorescence  ofdiscreetmeasurement zonesfor each assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measures density of visiblelines against backgroundonsingle-use test device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel Triage®TOX DrugScreen, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenPrime Drugs of Abuse(DOA) Reader System(K130082)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Time and TimingMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator adds sample to testdevice and operates theinstrument.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator manually times testdevelopment for 5 minutes andthen operates the instrument.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scans the single-use testdevice to measure signals.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scans the single-use test deviceto detect a signal.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result interpretation occurs inapproximately 15 minutes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results interpretation mustoccur between 5 and 60minutes following specimenapplication</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Output</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Outputs are "POS" if the resultis at or above the thresholdconcentration or "NEG" if theresult is below the thresholdconcentration. The operatorhas the option to print theresults. If connected, theMeterPro can transmit resultsto the laboratory or hospitalinformation system.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Outputs          "presumptivepositive",  negative", andinvalid" test results on agraphic     user     interfacedisplayed on a computer screenand automatically stores resultsalong with test information.Operator has ability to printand/or export results.</td></tr></table>

The following cutoff values are being incorporated into the Quidel Triage® TOX Drug Screen, 94600 Test Device. The cutoff values have been modified to accommodate changes in the calibrator used to manufacture the Test Device for barbiturates and benzodiazepines. In addition, the proposed predicates are identified for the EDDP and TCA assays. The tables below provide the similarities and differences with the selected predicates.

# Assay: Barbiturates (BAR)

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuidelTriage®TOXDrugScreen, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunalysis      BarbituratesUrine Enzyme Immunoassay(K161714)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitativedetermination of drugs ofabuse in human urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuidelTriage®TOXDrugScreen, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunalysis     BarbituratesUrine EnzymeIImmunoassay(K161714)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BAR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BAR = 200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Assay: Benzodiazepines (BZO)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel Triage®TOX DrugScreen, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunalysis      BarbituratesUrine Enzyme Immunoassay(K161714)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not intended for semi-quantitative determination ofthe presence of Barbiturates inhuman urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the semi-quantitativedetermination of the presenceof Barbiturates in humanurine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive assay, whereconcentration of drug isinversely related to the signaldetected by the instrument.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recombinant and monoclonalantibodies</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuidelTriage®TOXDrugScreen, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DRI Benzodiazepine Assay(K173963)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitativedetermination of drugs ofabuse in human urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuidelTriage® TOXDrugScreen,,94600 (Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DRI Benzodiazepine Assay(K173963)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BZO = 200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Assay: 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuidelTriage®TOX DrugScreen, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Benzodiazepine Assay(K173963)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not intended for semi-quantitative determination ofthe presence ofbenzodiazepines and theirmetabolites in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the semi-quantitativedetermination of the presenceof benzodiazepines and theirmetabolites in human urine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive assay, whereconcentration of drug isinversely related to the signaldetected by the instrument.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogenous           enzymeimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyclonal sheep antibody</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuidelTriage®TOX DrugScreen,, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunalysisEDDPSpecificUrine EnzymeImmunoassay(K151395)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitativedetermination of drugs ofabuse in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay calibrated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP = 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Assay: Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCA)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuidelTriage®TOX DrugScreen, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunalysisEDDP SpecificUrine Enzyme IImmunoassay(K151395)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not intended  for  semi-quantitative determination ofthepresenceofEDDP inhuman urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For  the  semi-quantitativedetermination of the presenceof EDDP in human urine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive  assay, whereconcentration ofdrug isinversely related to the signaldetected by the instrument.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogenous           enzymeimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recombinant fab antibodies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Cutoffs(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not intended to have cutoffsavailable at 300 ng/mL and1000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP = 300 and 1000</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuidelTriage®TOX DrugScreen, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triage® TOX Drug Screen(K043242)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitativedetermination of drugs ofabuse in human urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive assay, whereconcentration of drug isinversely related to the signaldetected by the instrument.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measures fluorescence ofdiscreet measurement zonesfor each assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay calibrated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuidelTriage® TOX DrugScreen,, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TriageTOX Drug Screen(K043242)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCA = 1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuidelTriage®TOX DrugScreen, 94600 (Proposed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triage® TOX Drug Screen(K043242)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamines,Methamphetamines,Barbiturates,Benzodiazepines, Cocaine,Methadone Metabolite,Opiates, Cannabinoids (THC),and Tricyclic Antidepressants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen,Amphetamines,Methamphetamines,Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines,Cocaine, Opiates,Phencyclidine, THC, andTricyclic Antidepressants</td></tr></table>

# Quidel Triage® MeterPro:

Last, the proposed predicate for the Quidel Triage MeterPro is its predecessor the Triage Meter cleared under K973547.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel  Triage®   MeterPro(Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triage Meter (K973547)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power supply</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100-240 VAC, self-switching,or with 4 AA batteries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Max. Voltage of ext.power supply</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 V</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrostaticprotection to serialport</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 /15 kV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of serial ports</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (by use of adapter)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Printer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel  Triage®®   MeterPro(Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triage Meter (K973547)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual input or externalhand-held barcode scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated barcode on eachtest device with lot specificinformation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 15  20minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel  Triage®   MeterPro(Proposed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.2560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.2560(KHO)21CFR 862.5680(DDR)21 CFR 862.1215(JHX)21CFR 862.1215(MMI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHO, DDR, JHX, MMI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood, plasma or urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood or plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Top meter housing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New top meter housing moldto provide a larger liquidcrystal display (LCD) and twoelastomer keypads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Small LCD with one singlemembrane keyboard</td></tr></table>

# 1.11. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced:

None referenced.

# 1.12. Test Principle:

The Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 is a test device utilizing the standard Triage technology. It is a competitive fluorescence immunoassay which contains all the reagents necessary for the qualitative detection, relative to an assigned threshold value, of the major urinary metabolites for the following substances in human urine: amphetamine (AMP), methamphetamine (mAMP), barbiturates (BAR), benzodiazepines (BZO), cocaine (COC), methadone/methadone metabolite (EDDP), opiates (OPI), tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), and tricyclic antidepressants (TCA).

The Test Device contains:

 Murine monoclonal antibodies against 9 targeted drugs or metabolites Fluorescently labeled antibodies Fluorescently labeled metabolites   
 Solid phase   
 Stabilizers

The test procedure involves the addition of a urine specimen to the sample port on the Test Device. After addition of the specimen, the urine passes through a filter. The specimen reacts with fluorescent antibody conjugates or with fluorescent drug conjugates and flows through the Test Device by capillary action. The presence of drug or drug metabolite in the urine specimen prevents binding of the fluorescent conjugates to the solid phase on the detection zone. Excess urine washes the unbound fluorescent conjugates from the detection lane into a waste reservoir.

The Test Device is inserted into the Quidel Triage MeterPro. The Quidel Triage MeterPro is programmed to perform the analysis after the specimen has reacted with the reagents in the Test Device. The analysis is based on the amount of fluorescence the Quidel Triage MeterPro detects within a measurement zone on the Test Device. The positive or negative results are displayed on the Quidel Triage MeterPro screen in about 15 minutes. All results are stored in the Quidel Triage MeterPro memory to display or print when needed. If connected, the Quidel Triage MeterPro can transmit results to the laboratory or hospital information system.

# 1.13. Performance Characteristics:

1. Analytical Performance a. Precision/Reproducibility:

Each analyte for the precision study was tested at the following concentrations, as percentages of the cutoffs: A negative control, drug free, $2 5 \%$ , $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ , cutoff, $12 5 \%$ , $1 5 0 \%$ , $1 7 5 \%$ , and $20 \%$ . The panels were blinded and randomized prior to testing. Testing was performed at three (3) study sites. Three (3) operators conducted the testing at each study site. Each operator was assigned one test device lot and five (5) Triage MeterPro instruments to conduct the testing. Each operator tested ten (10) samples each day of testing. The ten (10) samples were run in duplicate two (2) times per day for twenty (20) days at each clinical site. Each device was read on one (1) Triage MeterPro. There were approximately seven hundred twenty (720) results per sample. The test results were interpreted as positive (POS) or negative (NEG) for each individual assay based on the assay specific cut-off concentration values. The results of the testing are summarized as follow for the test device.

<table><tr><td>Sample Concentration</td><td>% of Cutoff</td><td>n</td><td># Neg</td><td># Pos</td></tr><tr><td>(ng/mL) AMP (500 ng/mL)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% of Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">281</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">712</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">395</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">694</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">522</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">669</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">650</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">760</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">884</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">991</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">mAMP (500 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">366</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">697</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">529</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">281</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">431</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">652</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">707</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">742</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">872</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">961</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BAR (200 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">156</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">689</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">605</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">233</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">717</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">306</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">355</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">406</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BZO (200 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">735</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">166</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">626</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">219</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">402</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">259</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">707</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">306</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">378</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">399</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COC (150 ng/mL)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">519</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">203</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">157</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">694</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">185</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">218</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">267</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">EDDP (100 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">702</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">645</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">594</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">715</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">174</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">204</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPI (300 ng/mL)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">165</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">231</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">715</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">344</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">197</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">507</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">426</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">731</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">480</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">548</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">589</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">THC (50 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">cYanmaGllowb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">717</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">676</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">163</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">559</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">735</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">TCA (1,000 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">236</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">722</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">498</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">741</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">704</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">618</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">996</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">218</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">518</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,395</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">715</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,577</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">719</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">716</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,195</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range:

Not applicable. These devices are intended for qualitative use only.

c. Traceability, Stability, Expected Values

# Cold Storage Stability

A shelf-life stability study of the test was performed and the results showed that devices are stable for 3 months when stored in cold storage $2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ). Real time stability studies are ongoing and shelf life will be extended based upon data meeting the acceptance criteria.

# Room Temperature Stability

A shelf-life stability study of the test was performed and the results showed that devices are stable for 14 days when stored at room temperature $2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ to $2 4 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ). Room temperature stability studies are ongoing and shelf life will be extended based upon data meeting the acceptance criteria.

# Patient Sample Handling Stability

A patient sample handling stability study of the test was performed and patient sample results were found to be stable when used within 36 hours of sample collection at room temperature and within four (4) days when stored refrigerated. No more than a single freeze/thaw cycle is recommended.

d. Detection Limit:

See assay cutoff characterization data in Section 15.13.1.f. below for assay performance around the claimed cutoff concentrations.

e. Analytical Specificity:

To test cross-reactivity, drug metabolites and other compounds that may be present in human urine samples were tested using nine (9) lots of Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 Test Devices. The following is a summary of the cross-reactivity study. The individual assays are calibrated against the compounds marked with an asterisk $( ^ { * } )$ .

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMP(Cutoff = 500 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultsPositiveat(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine(MDA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,850</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine(MDEA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d,I-1-(3,4-Methylenedioxyphenyl)-2-Butanamine (BDB)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d,I-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d,I-Phenylpropanolamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Amphetamine*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Chloroamphetamine (PCA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxyamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Methoxyamphetamine (PMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-phenylethylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP(Cutoff = 500 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultsPositive at(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%   Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine (MDEA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d,I-1-(3,4-Methylenedioxyphenyl)-2-Butanamine (BDB)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d,I-Methyl-1(3,4-Methylenedioxyphenyl)2-Butanamine (MBDB)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Methamphetamine*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;150,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">l-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">l-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isometheptene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mephentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Methoxyamphetamine (PMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Methoxymethamphetamine (PMMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propylamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BAR(Cutoff = 200 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultsPositiveat(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%          Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Allobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alphenal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aprobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butabarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butalbital*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butethal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclopentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hexobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mephobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenallylmal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">230</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiopental</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BZO(Cutoff = 200 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultsPositiveat(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%    Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam, -OH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">650</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam, 7-amino</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clorazepate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">350</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demoxepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DesalkyIflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam, 7-amino</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam, 7-amino</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;150,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norchlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">350</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200.0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COC(Cutoff = 150 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultsPositiveat(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%    Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaethylene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">m-Hydroxybenzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP(Cutoff = 100 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultsPositiveat(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%    Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">l-iso-methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I-methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d/l-methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I-β-Acetylmethadol (LAAM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPI(Cutoff = 300 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultsPositive at(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%    Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diacetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;230,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norbuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;300,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thebaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC(Cutoff = 50 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultsPositiveat(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%    Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-) 11-hydroxy- ∆9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor- ∆8-THC-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-9 carboxy-Δ-THC*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-9 carboxy-Δ9-THC-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol, Δ8-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol, Δ-$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCA(Cutoff = 1,000 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultsPositiveat(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%    Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline metabolite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;400,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorprothixene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maprotiline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordoxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenothiazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;200,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiothixene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimeprazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3%</td></tr></table>

# Cross-reactivity

Potential interference from pharmaceutical compounds was tested by spiking the listed compounds at a concentration of $1 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ into drug-free urine containing the target drug concentrations at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above the threshold cutoff level. The following compounds, arranged in alphabetical order, were found not to cross react when tested at concentrations up to at least $1 0 0 \mathrm { \ \mu { g / m L } }$ . For the pharmaceutical compounds where interference was observed, the highest concentration that did not cause interference is indicated along with the assay in which it interfered.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-5-phenyIhydantoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin (0.65 μg/mL;TCA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-desmethylvenlafaxine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dronabinol (1  μg/mL;THC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d,I-Octopamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Droperidol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ofloxacin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetopromazine(maleate salt)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Duloxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olanzapine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amantadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Efavirenz</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic Acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Epinephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxaprozin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine(2μg/mL; AMP andmAMP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pantoprazole</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspirin   (acetylsalicylicacid)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenproporex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atenolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam(0.2 μg/mL; BZO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atorvastatin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pericyazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gamma-Hydroxybutyrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glutethimide(10 μg/mL; BAR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenethylamine(2-Phenylethylamine)(6 μg/mL; AMP)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzydamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haloperidol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenmetrazine(37.5 μg/mL; TCA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benztropine Mesylate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketorolac Tromethamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butyrophenone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levofloxacin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d/I-Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol(12.5 μg/mL; OPI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Pseudoephedrine(50 μg/mL; THC)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cimetidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quetiapine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citalopram</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinacrine (50 μg/mL;THC)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobenzorex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mesoridazine Besylate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine(5 μg/mL; TCA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rifampin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotinine [I-Cotinine]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MethyIphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ritodrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyproheptadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalbuphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Selegiline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexamphetamine(0.4 μg/mL; AMP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalmefene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextrorphan Tartrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimethylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen           [(S)-6-Methoxy-α-methyl-2Naphthaleneacetic acid]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tranylcypromine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-desmethylvenlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethobenzamide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine (25 µg/mL;AMP)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dothiepin(0.7μg/mL;TCA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine Succinate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpseudoephedrine(25 μg/mL; AMP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem</td></tr></table>

# Exogenous Interference

Potential interference from exogenous compounds was tested by spiking the listed compounds into treated drug-free urine containing the target drug concentrations at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above the threshold cutoff level. The following exogenous compounds were found not to interfere with test results when tested up to the concentrations identified in the table below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfering Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.125 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hippuric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Riboflavin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Scopolamine</td><td>62.5 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Endogenous Interference

Potential interference from endogenous compounds was tested by spiking the listed compounds into drug-free urine containing the target drug concentrations at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above the threshold cutoff level. The following endogenous compounds were found not to interfere with test results when tested up to the concentrations identified in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextrose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SodiumChloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Specific gravity and pH

The effect of specific gravity for each analyte was evaluated by testing positive and negative samples at specific gravities ranging from 1.003 to $1 . 0 3 0 ~ \mathrm { g / m L }$ . No interference was observed for all specific gravities tested.

The effect of $\mathsf { p H }$ for each analyte was evaluated by testing positive and negative samples over a range of $\mathrm { p H }$ levels of 4.0 to 9.0. The Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 has been validated with specimens that have a $\mathsf { p H }$ range of $4 . 0 -$ 9.0, and no excessive interference was observed for each of the assays. In the case of the TCA assay, there was evidence that increasing urine $\mathrm { p H }$ levels at the top of the validated range could have an impact on positive control sample results as the assay cutoff of $1 { , } 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ was approached. Specimens tested outside of the validated $\mathsf { p H }$ range may yield inaccurate results.

# Operating Temperature

The effect of operating temperature for each analyte was evaluated by testing positive and negative samples at temperatures ranging from $1 6 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ to $3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ $6 1 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { F }$ to $8 6 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { F }$ ). Even though reasonable performance was found for the whole temperature range, non-conformance beyond the set specifications was observed for the cocaine, methamphetamine and opiate assays at the extremes of the temperature range. The Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 has been validated for an operating temperature range from $1 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ to $2 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ( $6 4 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { F }$ to $8 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { F }$ ).

# Operating Humidity

The effect of operating humidity for each analyte was evaluated by testing positive and negative samples at relative humidities (RH) ranging from $\leq 1 0$ $\% \mathrm { R H }$ to $8 5 ~ \% \mathrm { R H }$ . The Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 was validated for an operating relative humidity (RH) range from $1 0 \% \mathrm { R H }$ to $8 5 ~ \% \mathrm { R H }$ and met the specifications set for all assays.

# f. Assay cut-off:

Each analyte for the cutoff characterization study was tested at the following concentrations: 0, $2 5 \%$ , $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ , $100 \%$ , $+ 1 2 5 \%$ , $+ 1 5 0 \%$ , $+ 1 7 5 \%$ and $+ 2 0 0 \%$ of the specific cutoff for each drug assay. Testing was performed using 3 lots of Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 Test Devices and was performed by 3 operators. The results are summarized as follows for each analyte.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Amphetamine (AMP) 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results#Neg/#Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313/2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49/266</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/314</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine (mAMP) 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% of cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results#Neg/#Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">312/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">127/188</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">625</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/304</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/313</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">875</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">175%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/315</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/315</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Barbiturates (BAR) 200 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results#Neg/#Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>309/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/237</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/314</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/314</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepines (BZO) 200 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% of cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results#Neg/#Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">296/19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">242/73</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/312</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/315</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">350</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">175%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/315</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/315</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Cocaine (COC) 150 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% of cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results#Neg/#Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">279/36</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/305</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">187.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/314</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/315</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">262.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">175%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/315</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/315</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Methadone Metabolite (EDDP) 100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results#Neg/#Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115/200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/304</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Opiates (OPI) 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% of cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results#Neg/#Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132/183</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/314</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/315</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">175%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/315</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/315</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Cannabinoids (THC) 50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results#Neg/#Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/295</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCA) 1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results#Neg/#Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300/15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161/154</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/310</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/314</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/315</td></tr></table>

2. Comparison studies:

a. Method comparison with reference method:

A method comparison study was conducted using unaltered urine specimens and comparing results from the Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 to a reference method. Results are summarized below.

Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 Test Results vs GC/MS or LC-MS/MS Values   

<table><tr><td colspan="6">AMP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">(Cutoff = 500 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="4">Reference Method Result by GC/MS or LC-MS/MS Value</td></tr><tr><td>Drug</td><td>Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600</td><td>Negative (&lt;50% of threshold)</td><td>Near Threshold Negative (within 50%</td><td>Near Threshold Positive (within 50%</td><td>Positive (&gt;150% of threshold)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">AMP</td><td>Negative</td><td>99</td><td>below threshold) 11</td><td>above threshold) 2^a</td><td>2b</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>8</td><td>98</td></tr></table>

a   Patient  specimens  with  Specimen  IDs  569740  and  575202  were  found  to  be  negative  despite  a  near threshold positive result b   Patient  specimens  with  Specimen  IDs  570964  and  572667  were  found  to  be  negative  despite  a  high positive result

Discordant sample resolution   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Value(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel Triage TOX DS 94600Result (POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug/MetaboliteDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS or LC/MS/MSvalue (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>569740 a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>697</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>575202a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>745</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>570964b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>572667b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1359</td></tr></table>

b  The Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 has $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ cross‐reactivity to the d‐amphetamine isomer and $1 6 . 7 \%$ cross‐reactivity  to  the  l‐amphetamine  isomer,  resulting  in  negative  screening  results  even  with amphetamine levels above  the cutoff concentration of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .  A  specimen  with high  levels  of  the  l‐ amphetamine isomer may be associated with prescription use of medications containing amphetamines or compounds  that  metabolize  to  amphetamines.  A  summary  of  the  results  for  the  patient  specimens containing both isomers is presented in the table below. After adjudication, Specimen ID 570964 would be classified  as  “near  threshold”  negative  and  would  not  be  classified  as  a  discordant  result.  Specimen  ID 572667  would  be  classified  as  a  “near  threshold”  positive  patient  specimen  (within $1 0 . 8 \%$ of  the  assay threshold).

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpecimenID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>QuidelTriageTOXDrugScreen,94600AMPAssayCutoff(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InitialValue</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InitialQuidelTriageTOXDrugScreen,94600AMPAssayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>IsomericComposition (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>IsomericAbundance(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EffectiveAmphetamine(ng/mL)*</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AdjudicatedQuidel TriageTOX DrugScreen, 94600AMP AssayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>deter-minedbyLC-MS/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% l-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Amphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>570964b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FalseNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>354</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>649</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>463</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>572667b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1359</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FalseNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>966</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>554</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>mAMP(Cutoff = 500 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reference Method Result by GC/MS or LC-MS/MS Value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel TriageTOX DrugScreen, 94600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(&lt;50% ofthreshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near ThresholdNegative(within 50%below threshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near ThresholdPositive(within 50%above threshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(&gt;150% ofthreshold)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>mAMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7e</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td></tr></table>

c  Patient specimens with Specimen IDs 578510, 579777, 579705, 579727, and 579806 were  found to be positive despite a near threshold negative result d  Patient  specimens with Specimen IDs 586313, 586723, 579791, 586280 and 586293 were  found  to be negative despite a near threshold positive result e   Patient  specimens with Specimen IDs  586276,  586269,  586264,  586282,  586275,  586300, and  579757 were found to be negative despite a high positive result

Discordant sample resolution   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Value(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel Triage TOX DS94600 Result(POS/NEG)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug/MetaboliteDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC/MS or LC/MS/MSvalue (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">578510c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">325</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">579777c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">402</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">579705c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">445</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">579727c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">490</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">579806c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">495</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">586313d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">535</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">586273d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">555</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">579791d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">588</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">586280d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">633</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">586293d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">673</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">586276e</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">831</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">586269e</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">937</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">586264e</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">940</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">586282</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">984</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">586275e</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">990</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">586300e</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1028</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mAMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">579757e</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1568</td></tr></table>

e  The specimens contained both the d‐methamphetamine and l‐methamphetamine isomers. The initial LC‐ MS/MS  reference  method  was  unable  to  distinguish  between  the  two  enantiomeric  forms.  The  Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 has $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ cross‐reactivity to the ${ \mathsf d }$ ‐methamphetamine isomer and $0 . 0 \%$ cross‐reactivity  to  the  l‐methamphetamine  isomer,  resulting  in  negative  screening  results  even  with methamphetamine levels above the cutoff concentration of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . A specimen with high levels of the l‐methamphetamine  isomer  may  be  associated  with  prescription  use  of  medications  that  contain methamphetamine or compounds that metabolize into methamphetamines. A summary of the results for the  patient  specimens  containing  both  isomers  is  presented  in  the  table  below.  After  adjudication, Specimen IDs 586282, 586275 and 586300 were  found  to be negative despite a near  threshold positive result (all within $8 . 6 \%$ of the assay threshold).

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpecimenID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ReferenceLaboratory 1LC-MS/MSConfirmatoryValue(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Quidel TriageTOX DrugScreen, 94600ThresholdConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Quidel TriageTOX DrugScreen, 94600Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reference Laboratory 2Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adjudicated QuidelTriage TOX DrugScreen, 94600Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% d-Isomer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationd-Isomer(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>586276e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>831</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>434.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>586269e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>937</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>494.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>586264e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>940</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>497.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>586282e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>586275e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>517.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>586300e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>542.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>579757e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1568</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">BAR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">(Cutoff = 200 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="4">Reference Method Result by GC/MS or LC-MS/MS Value</td></tr><tr><td>Drug</td><td>Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600</td><td>Negative (&lt;50% of threshold)</td><td>Near Threshold Negative (within 50%</td><td>Near Threshold Positive (within 50%</td><td>Positive (&gt;150% of threshold)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">BAR</td><td>Negative</td><td>99</td><td>below threshold) 3</td><td>above threshold) 0</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>0</td><td>8f</td><td>11</td><td>97</td></tr></table>

f  Patient  specimens with Specimen IDs 582858, 575082, 575081, 575079, 586932, 575085, 575084, and 575095 were found to be positive despite a near threshold negative result

Discordant sample resolution   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CutoffValue(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel Triage TOX DS94600 Result (POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug/MetaboliteDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS or LC/MS/MSvalue (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>582858f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>575082f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>575081f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>575079f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>586932f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>575085f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>575084f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>575095f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">BZO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">(Cutoff = 200 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="4">Reference Method Result by GC/MS or LC-MS/MS Value</td></tr><tr><td>Drug</td><td>Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600</td><td>Negative (&lt;50% of threshold)</td><td>Near Threshold Negative (within 50%</td><td>Near Threshold Positive (within 50%</td><td>Positive (&gt;150% of threshold)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">BZO</td><td>Negative</td><td>99</td><td>below threshold) 1</td><td>above threshold) 1h</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>0</td><td>10g</td><td>10</td><td>99</td></tr></table>

g  Patient specimens with Specimen IDs 586239, 586234, 586235, 582865, 570784, 569935, 585873, 570860, 570941, and 578527 were found to be positive despite a near threshold negative result h  Patient specimen with Specimen ID 578563 was found to be negative despite a near threshold positive result

Discordant sample resolution   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Value(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel Triage TOX DS94600 Result (POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug/MetaboliteDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS or LC/MS/MSvalue (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5862398</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam-OH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5862348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam-OH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5862358</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam-OH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>5828658</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-aminoclonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>293</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lorazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>379</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>570784g</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-aminoclonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1134</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordiazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>5699358</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordiazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5858738</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam-OH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-aminoclonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>570860g</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordiazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>218</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5709418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam-OH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5785278</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam-OH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-aminoclonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>578563h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lorazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>COC(Cutoff = 150 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reference Method Result by GC/MS or LC-MS/MS Value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel TriageTOX DrugScreen, 94600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(&lt;50% ofthreshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near ThresholdNegative(within 50%below threshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near ThresholdPositive(within 50%above threshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(&gt;150% ofthreshold)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr></table>

i  Patient specimens with Specimen IDs 569915, 579796, 579821, 569790, 570955 and 577368 were found to be positive despite a near threshold negative result

Discordant sample resolution   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Value(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel Triage TOX DS94600 Result (POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug/MetaboliteDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS or LC/MS/MSvalue (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>569915</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>579796</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>579821</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>569790</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>570955</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577368</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>EDDP(Cutoff = 100 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reference Method Result by GC/MS or LC-MS/MS Value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel TriageTOX DrugScreen, 94600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(&lt;50% ofthreshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near ThresholdNegative(within 50%below threshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near ThresholdPositive(within 50%above threshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(&gt;150% ofthreshold)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1k</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr></table>

j  Patient specimen with Specimen ID 572444 was found to be positive despite a near threshold negative result k   Patient  specimens  with  Specimen  IDs  572432  and  572426  were  found  to  be  negative  despite  a  near threshold positive result

Discordant sample resolution   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Value(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel Triage TOX DS94600 Result (POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug/MetaboliteDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS or LC/MS/MSvalue (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>572444</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>572432k</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>572426k</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>OPI(Cutoff = 300 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reference Method Result by GC/MS or LC-MS/MS Value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel TriageTOX DrugScreen, 94600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(&lt;50% ofthreshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near ThresholdNegative(within 50%below threshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near ThresholdPositive(within 50%above threshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(&gt;150% ofthreshold)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1m</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr></table>

l   Patient  specimens  with  Specimen IDs  572508,  570415,  586327,  582860,  572488,  586330,  582932  and 586359 were found to be positive despite a near threshold negative result m Patient specimen with Specimen ID 572644 was found to be negative despite a high positive result

Discordant sample resolution   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Value(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel Triage TOX DS94600 Result (POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug/MetaboliteDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS or LC/MS/MSvalue (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>572508&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>353</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OPI</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>570415</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24859</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>217</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>586327|</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>582860&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>469</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>572488</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>586330&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OPI</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>582932</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>488</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>586329</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>OPI</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>572644m</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2097</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2674</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td></tr></table>

m The initial reference testing laboratory result for Specimen ID 572644 was positive for opiates while the Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 OPI assay result was negative. Specimen ID 572644 was sent to a second  reference  testing  laboratory  and  was  confirmed  to  be  negative  for  opiates.  The  second  result  is concordant with the Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 OPI assay result.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>THC(Cutoff = 50 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reference Method Result by GC/MS or LC-MS/MS Value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel TriageTOX DrugScreen, 94600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(&lt;50% ofthreshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near ThresholdNegative(within 50%below threshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near ThresholdPositive(within 50%above threshold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(&gt;150% ofthreshold)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr></table>

n Patient specimen with Specimen ID 570021 was found to be positive despite a near threshold negative result o Patient specimens with Specimen IDs 570366, 575089, and 569400 were found to be negative despite a near threshold positive result

Discordant sample resolution   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Value(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel Triage TOX DS94600 Result (POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug/MetaboliteDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC/MS or LC/MS/MSvalue (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>570021n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-9-Carboxy-delta 9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>570366°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-9-Carboxy-delta 9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>575089°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-9-Carboxy-delta 9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>569400°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-9-Carboxy-delta 9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6">TCA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">(Cutoff = 1,000 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="4">Reference Method Result by GC/MS or LC-MS/MS Value</td></tr><tr><td>Drug</td><td>Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600</td><td>Negative (&lt;50% of threshold)</td><td>Near Threshold Negative (within 50%</td><td>Near Threshold Positive (within 50%</td><td>Positive (&gt;150% of threshold)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">TCA</td><td>Negative</td><td>98</td><td>below threshold) 1</td><td>above threshold) 0</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>1P</td><td>109</td><td>11</td><td>95</td></tr></table>

p Patient specimen with Specimen ID 586712 was found to be positive despite a high negative result q  Patient specimens with Specimen IDs 586353, 585878, 582936, 572581, 585866, 586232, 585830, 585879, 582925, and 585874 were found to be positive despite a near threshold negative result r  Patient specimen with Specimen ID 586694 was found to be negative despite a high positive result

Discordant sample resolution   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Value(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel Triage TOX DS94600 Result (POS/NEG)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug/MetaboliteDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GC/MS or LC/MS/MSvalue (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">586712P</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5863539</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">637</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5858789</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">639</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">5829369</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">385</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">5725819</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">149</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">512</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5858669</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">680</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5862329</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">727</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5858309</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">730</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5858799</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">758</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">5829259</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">162</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">599</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">5858749</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">False Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">608</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">238</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">586694</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">False Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1646</td></tr></table>

p  A data entry error occurred with Specimen ID 586712. This patient specimen was positive for TCA when tested  on  the  Quidel  Triage  TOX  Drug  Screen,  94600  and  reconfirmed  as  a  near  cut‐off  negative  at  a secondary reference testing laboratory with value of $8 6 4 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ desipramine  (within $1 0 . 8 \%$ of  the  assay threshold).

r  Specimen ID 586694 was confirmed to have a pH value of 9.4. A pH value at this level is above the upper limit of the expected range for normal human urine8 and above the upper limit evaluated for performance on the Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600. The Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 has been validated with specimens that have a pH range of 4.0 – 9.0, and no excessive interference was observed for each of the assays. In the case of the TCA assay, there was evidence that increasing urine pH levels at the top of the validated range could have an impact on positive control sample results as the assay cutoff of $1 , 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ was approached. Specimens tested outside of the validated pH range may yield inaccurate results.

b. Method comparison with reference method: Not applicable. These devices are for use with human urine samples only.

3. Clinical studies:

a. Clinical sensitivity: Not applicable.   
b. Clinical specificity: Not applicable.   
c. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable): Not applicable.

4. Clinical cut-off: Not applicable.

5. Expected values/Reference range:

Not applicable.

# 1.14. Conclusion:

These studies demonstrated the substantial equivalence of the Quidel Triage TOX Drug Screen, 94600 to the GenPrime Drugs of Abuse (DOA) Reader System (K130082), Immunalysis Barbiturates Urine Enzyme Immunoassay (K161714), DRI Benzodiazepine Assay (K173963), Immunalysis EDDP Specific Urine Enzyme Immunoassay (K151395), Triage® TOX Drug Screen (K043242), and Triage Meter (K973547). Such studies are a critical element in establishing the fundamental safety and effectiveness of the product and its appropriateness for commercial distribution.