May 24, 2019

Akonni Biosystems Inc. $\%$ Rita King, CEO MethodSense, Inc. 1 Copley Parkway, Suite 410 Morrisville, NC 27560

Re: K183530 Trade/Device Name: TruDiagnosis System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3360 Regulation Name: Drug metabolizing enzyme genotyping system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: ODW, ODV, NSU Dated: April 26, 2019 Received: May 1, 2019

Dear Rita King:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name TruDiagnosis $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The TruDiagnosis $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ System is an in vitro diagnostic device intended for processing and genotyping multiple genetic variants in a DNA sample utilizing on-slide PCR gel-drop microarray technology. The TruDiagnosis $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ System consists of the TruDx $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 Imager, the TruArray $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit, and the ProFlex™ PCR System using the ProFlex™ 2x Flat Sample Block.

The TruDx $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2000 Imager is an instrument intended for processing and genotyping multiple genetic variants in a DNA sample utilizing on-slide PCR gel-drop microarray technology.

The TruArray $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit is an in vitro diagnostic test for the detection and genotyping of the $2 \mathrm { C } 9 ^ { \ast } 2$ $2 \mathrm { C } 9 ^ { \ast } 3$ alleles of the cytochrome P450 (CYP450) 2C9 gene locus and Vitamin K epoxide reductase Cl, VKORCl, gene promoter polymorphism (-1639) from genomic DNA of human saliva samples collected using the Oragene $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Dx Device (OGD-500) as an aid in the identification of patients at risk for increased warfarin sensitivity. The TruArray $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit is a qualitative assay for use in clinical laboratories upon prescription by the attending physician.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

Akonni Biosystems, Inc. (K183530)

This 510(k) Summary is in conformance with 21CFR 807.92

# Submitter:

Akonni Biosystems, Inc. 400 Sagner Avenue Suite 300 Frederick, MD 21701 Phone: (301) 698-0101 Fax: (301) 698-0202

# Primary Contact:

Rita King, CEO   
MethodSense, Inc.   
Email: ritaking@methodsense.com Phone: (919) 313-3961   
Fax: (919) 313-3979

# Company Contact:

Charles Daitch CEO

# Date Prepared:

May 22, 2019

Device Name and Classification

Trade Name: Common Name: Classification: Regulation Number:

TruDiagnosis® System   
TruDiagnosis® System   
Class II   
21 CFR §862.3360 Drug Metabolizing Enzyme Genotyping   
Systems   
21 CFR §864.7750 Prothrombin time test   
21 CFR §862.2570 Instrumentation for Clinical Multiplex   
Test Systems

# Classification Panel: Product Code:

Toxicology (91), Hematology (81), Chemistry (75)   
ODW- Cytochrom P450 2C9 (CYP450 2C9) Drug Metabolizing   
Enzyme Genotyping System   
ODV- Vitamin K epoxide reductase complex subunit 1 (VKORC1)   
Genotyping System   
NSU- Instrumentation for Clinical Multiplex Test Systems

Predicate Device:   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">eSensor Warfarin Sensitivity Test and XT-8 Instrument</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">eSensor Warfarin Sensitivity Test and XT-8 Instrument</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Submitter / Holder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Osmetech Molecular Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K073720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21CFR §862.3360 - Drug Metabolism Enzyme GenotypingTest</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21CFR §864.7750 - Prothrombin Time Test21CFR §862.2570 - Instrument for Clinical Multiplex TestSystems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology, Hematology, Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ODW Cytochrome P450 2C9 (CYP450 2C9) DrugMetabolizing Enzyme Genotyping SystemODV Vitamin K epoxide reductase complex subunit 1(VKORC1) Genotyping SystemNSU Instrumentation for Clinical Multiplex Test Systems</td></tr></table>

# Device Description

The TruDiagnosis® System is an in vitro diagnostic device intended for processing and genotyping multiple genes in a DNA sample utilizing on-slide Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) gel-drop microarray technology. The TruDiagnosis® System consists of the:

Hardware: TruDx® 2000 Imager   
Software: TruSpot™ Software   
Test Kit: TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit o TruArray® Test Slide o TruPlex™ reagents   
Thermal Cycler: ProFlex™ PCR System using the ProFlex™ 2x Flat Sample Block

Hardware: Akonni’s microarray imager $( \mathsf { T r u D x } ^ { \circledast } 2 0 0 0 )$ ) is an instrument that consists of a highintensity green light emitting diode (LED), custom optics, and a digital grayscale camera.

The purpose of the ${ \sf T r u D x } ^ { \otimes } 2 0 0 0$ Imager is to capture a fluorescence image of the microarray after completing the test.   
The user inserts the TruArray® Test Slide into the ${ \sf T r u D } \times ^ { \circledast } 2 0 0 0$ Imager and follows the on-screen prompts. The resulting microarray image is automatically analyzed and reported with the TruSpot™ Software.

Software: Akonni’s TruSpot™ Software, integrated within the imager, locates and segments each fluorescently labeled microarray Gel-Element and reports signal-to-noise ratios (SNR). Assay results interpreted by TruSpot™ Software program are assigned a genotype and presented to the end user in a report format.

Test Kit: The TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit includes consumables and reagents necessary to perform multiplex on-slide PCR amplification, and fluorogenic target-specific microarray-based hybridization. Specifically:

The TruArray® Test Slide (loaded with target DNA) undergoes thermal cycling via asymmetric amplification to enrich single stranded fluorescently labeled complimentary strands to capture probes printed on the microarray (asymmetric PCR and allele specific hybridization occur in the same chamber). After hybridization, arrays are washed and dried, and the user then inserts the microarray into the TruDx® 2000 Imager and follows the on-screen prompts.

The warfarin assay performed with the test kit is an in vitro diagnostic test for the detection and genotyping of the $2 0 9 ^ { \star } 2$ , ${ } ^ { 2 0 9 } { } ^ { 3 }$ alleles of the cytochrome P450 (CYP450) 2C9 gene locus and Vitamin K epoxied reductase C1, VKORC1 3673, gene promotor polymorphism (-1639) mutations from genomic DNA of human saliva samples collected using the Oragene® Dx OGD500 Device (K110701).

Thermal Cycler: The ProFlex™ PCR System with the ProFlex™ 2x Flat Sample Block, a component of the TruDiagnosis System, is an end-point thermal cycler, specifically designed for the amplification of nucleic acids using the Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) process. The user interface includes a touchscreen with a graphical display that shows the time, status, and temperature for each run. A touchscreen keypad allows you to enter information into fields on the display screen.

# Indications for Use

The TruDiagnosis® System is an in vitro diagnostic device intended for processing and genotyping multiple genetic variants in a DNA sample utilizing on-slide PCR gel-drop microarray technology. The TruDiagnosis® System consists of the TruDx® 2000 Imager, the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit, and the ProFlex™ PCR System using the ProFlex™ 2x Flat Sample Block.

The TruDx® 2000 Imager is an instrument intended for processing and genotyping multiple genetic variants in a DNA sample utilizing on-slide PCR gel-drop microarray technology.

The TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit is an in vitro diagnostic test for the detection and genotyping of the $2 0 9 ^ { \star } 2$ , ${ } ^ { 2 0 9 } { } ^ { 3 }$ alleles of the cytochrome P450 (CYP450) 2C9 gene locus and Vitamin K epoxide reductase Cl, VKORCl, gene promoter polymorphism (-1639) variants from genomic DNA of human saliva samples collected using the Oragene® Dx Device (OGD-500) as an aid in the identification of patients at risk for increased warfarin sensitivity. The TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit is a qualitative assay for use in clinical laboratories upon prescription by the attending physician.

# Risk Analysis Method

The TruDiagnosis® System was assessed to determine the reasonably foreseeable sequences/combinations of events leading to hazardous situations and identify and document the harm to the users. A risk analysis was conducted in accordance with ISO 14971:2007 and ISO14971:2012, Medical devices -- Application of risk management to medical devices. Several risks were assessed, including, but not limited to, instrument and assay design, software malfunctions, hardware failure, security, and improper use.

# Substantial Equivalence

The table below provides a detailed comparison of the TruDiagnosis System to the predicate device.

Detailed Comparison of the Subject and Predicate Devices:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>ItemIndications for Use</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Subject DeviceTruDiagnosis® System</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceeSensor Warfarin SensitivityTest and XT-8 System (K073720)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Comparison</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The TruDiagnosis® System is an invitro diagnostic device intended forprocessing and genotyping multiplegenetic variants in a DNA sampleutilizing on-slide PCR gel-dropmicroarray technology. TheTruDiagnosis® System consists ofthe TruDx® 2000 Imager, theTruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity TestKit, and the ProFlex ™M PCR Systemusing the ProFlex ™M 2x Flat SampleBlock.The TruDx® 2000 Imager is aninstrument intended for processingand genotyping multiple geneticvariants in a DNA sample utilizingon-slide PCR gel-drop microarraytechnology.The TruArray® Warfarin SensitivityTest Kit is an in vitro diagnostic testfor the detection and genotyping ofthe 2C9*2, 2C9*3 alleles of thecytochrome P450 (CYP450) 2C9gene locus and Vitamin K epoxidereductase CI, VKORCI, genepromoter polymorphism (-1639)variants from genomic DNA ofhuman saliva samples collectedusing the Oragene® Dx Device(OGD-500) as an aid in theidentification of patients at risk forincreased warfarin sensitivity. TheTruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity TestKit is a qualitative assay for use in</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same                                     The TruDiagnosis System and theeSensor Warfarin Sensitivity Testand XT-8 System have the sameindications for use.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceTruDiagnosis® System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceeSensor Warfarin SensitivityTest and XT-8 System (K073720)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">clinical laboratories uponprescription by the attendingphysician.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System is identicalto the eSensor Warfarin SensitivityTest and XT-8 System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescence detection based gel-drop microarray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemical detection basedmicroarray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System isequivalent to the eSensor WarfarinSensitivity Test and XT-8 System.Both systems employ the detectionof labeled probes on a microarray.The only difference is that theTruDiagnosis System uses afluorescent labeled probe forfluorescence detection, and theeSensor system uses a ferrocenelabeled probe for electrochemicaldetection. This difference in signaltransduction detection method doesnot does not affect the intended useor the safety and effectiveness of thedevice.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Chemistry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorogenic target-specificmicroarray-based hybridization.Signal detection using fluorescence.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The signal probe containselectrochemically active ferrocenelabels. Hybridization of the three-member complex at the electrodesurface and subsequentapplication of an excitation voltagecauses the ferrous ion in eachferrocene group to undergo cyclicoxidation and reduction at itscharacteristic redox potential,leading to loss or gain of an</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System is differentfrom the eSensor WarfarinSensitivity Test and XT-8 System.This difference does not affect theintended use or the safety andeffectiveness of the device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">electron, and the generation of analternating current at the electrodesurface that is measured usingvoltammetry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signal Transduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrical current, voltammetry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The signal transduction of theTruDiagnosis System is differentfrom the signal transduction of theeSensor Warfarin Sensitivity Testand XT-8 System. This differencedoes not affect the intended use orthe safety and effectiveness of thedevice.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative genetic test for singlenucleotide polymorphism detection.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative genetic test for singlenucleotide polymorphismdetection.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System is identicalto the eSensor Warfarin SensitivityTest and XT-8 System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genes and SNPs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CYP4502C9*2 (430C&gt;T)CYP4502C9*3 (1075A&gt;C)•VKORC1 (-1639G&gt;A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CYP2C9*2 (430C&gt;T)CYP2C9*3 (1075A&gt;C)VKORC1 (-1639G&gt;A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System is identicalto the eSensor Warfarin SensitivityTest and XT-8 System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microarray-based genotypingtest for simultaneousdetection (multiplex system)of DNA sequences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System isequivalent to the eSensor WarfarinSensitivity Test and XT-8 System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microarray Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TruArray Test Slide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">eSensor Test Cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System'smicroarray device is equivalent tothe eSensor Warfarin Sensitivity Testand XT-8 System's microarraydevice.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay result output</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay results interpreted by asoftware program and assigned agenotype presented to the end userin a report format.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay results are interpreted by asoftware program and areassigned a result that is presentedto the end user in a report format.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System isequivalent to the eSensor WarfarinSensitivity Test and XT-8 System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bi-directional Sanger sequencing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bi-directional Sanger sequencing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System is identicalto the eSensor Warfarin SensitivityTest and XT-8 System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Components</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TruArray Test Slides, TruPlexReagents, and the TruDx 2000Imager</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">eSensor Test Cartridge,amplification and detectionreagents, and the eSensor XT-8System.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The components of the TruDiagnosisSystem are equivalent to thecomponents of the eSensor WarfarinSensitivity Test and XT-8 System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TruDx 2000 Imager</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">eSensor XT-8 System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System includesan instrument equivalent to theinstrument included in the eSensorWarfarin Sensitivity Test and XT-8System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of SimultaneousTests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDx 2000 Imager can onlyprocess one test at a time, while theXT-8 System can process multipletests simultaneously. This differencedoes not affect the intended use orthe safety and effectiveness of thedevice.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Processing Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 test within 30 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 tests within 40 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDx 2000 Imager is differentfrom the XT-8 System. Thisdifference in test processing timedoes not affect the intended use orsafety and effectiveness of thedevice.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7" LCD touchscreen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15" LCD touchscreen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The user interface of the TruDxImager is equivalent to that of theeSensor XT-8 System. Bothinstruments include LCDtouchscreen interfaces. The onlydifference is that the screen size ofthe TruDx 2000 Imager is smallerthan that of the XT-8 System.However, this difference does not</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">have an impact on the intended useor the safety and effectiveness of thedevice.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Requirements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Universal input, 90-264 Vac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100-240 Vac, 50/60 Hz, 600 W</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The power requirements of TruDx2000 Imager and the eSensor XT-8System are equivalent. Both systemsare designed to use AC line power.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 10.93" x 8.5" x 16"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.11" x 15.75" x 16.14"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDx 2000 Imager is smallerthan the eSensor XT-8 System. .This difference in size does not havean impact on the intended use or thesafety and effectiveness of thedevice.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 25 lbs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.5 lbs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDx 2000 Imager is lighterthan the eSensor XT-8 System.This difference in weight does nothave an impact on the intended useor the safety and effectiveness of thedevice.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genomic DNA obtained fromepithelial cells contained in humansaliva samples collected using theOragene Dx Device OGD-500.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genomic DNA obtained from ahuman whole blood sample.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The specimen type of theTruDiagnosis System is differentfrom the specimen type of theeSensor Warfarin Sensitivity Testand XT-8 System.This difference does not affect thesafety and effectiveness or intendeduse of the device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of SNPs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System is identicalto the eSensor Warfarin SensitivityTest and XT-8 System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Subject DeviceTruDiagnosis® System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Predicate DeviceeSensor Warfarin SensitivityTest and XT-8 System (K073720)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Comparison</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Input gDNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 ng of genomic DNA (5 µL of 5ng/μL genomic DNA sample)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 ng of genomic DNA (5 µL of 2ng/μL genomic DNA sample)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System is differentfrom the eSensor WarfarinSensitivity Test and XT-8 System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA Extraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qiagen method. QIAAMP DNA MiniKit.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual ethanol extraction method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System is differentfrom the eSensor WarfarinSensitivity Test and XT-8 SystemTest.This difference does not affect thesafety and effectiveness or intendeduse of the device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR Process</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Closed amplicon. On-slide PCRoccurs in the same chamber as themicroarray. Asymmetric PCR isperformed on-slide to eliminate thepredicate's exonuclease step.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open amplicon. Two steps occuroff cartridge: 1) tube-based PCRand 2) exonuclease enzymetreatment to generate singlestranded target DNA.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The PCR Process of theTruDiagnosis System is differentfrom that of the eSensor WarfarinSensitivity Test and XT-8 System.This difference does not affect thesafety and effectiveness or intendeduse of the device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thermal Cycling Used</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System is identicalto the eSensor Warfarin SensitivityTest and XT-8 System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target of Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-nucleotide polymorphism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-nucleotide polymorphism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System is identicalto the eSensor Warfarin SensitivityTest and XT-8 System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protocol Identification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uses a barcode to store protocol andproduction information</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uses an internal memory chip(EEPROM) to store protocol andproduction information.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TruDiagnosis System isequivalent to the eSensor WarfarinSensitivity Test and XT-8 System.</td></tr></table>

# Substantial Equivalence Conclusions:

In conclusion, the TruDiagnosis System and the eSensor Warfarin Sensitivity Test and XT-8 System have the same indications for use related to aiding in the identification of patients at risk for increased warfarin sensitivity via genotyping multiple genetic variants in a DNA sample. The TruDx 2000 Imager and the eSensor XT-8 System have the same indications for use, in relation to the use of an instrument. The TruArray Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit and the eSensor Warfarin Sensitivity Test have the same indications for use, related to Warfarin sensitivity genotyping of the $^ { \star 2 }$ $( 4 3 0 0 > \mathsf { T } )$ and $\yen 3$ $1 0 7 5 mathsf { A } { > } \mathsf { C } )$ alleles of the cytochrome P450 (CYP450) 2C9 gene locus and the Vitamin K epoxide reductase C1 (VKORC1) gene promoter polymorphism $( - 1 6 3 9 6 > \mathsf { A } )$ from genomic DNA. The technological characteristics and testing demonstrate that the TruDiagnosis System is substantially equivalent to the eSensor Warfarin Sensitivity Test and XT-8 System and assures that the TruDiagnosis System is as safe and effective as the eSensor Warfarin Sensitivity Test and XT-8 System.

# Performance Characteristics

A series of studies have been performed to validate the performance characteristics for the intended use of the TruDiagnosis® System. A total of five (5) performance characteristics studies have been conducted and two Stability Testing Studies were conducted to provide data on the kit configuration and expiry of the kit. A summary of each study’s results is provided below.

# Limit of Detection

An upper and lower limit of detection study was performed to assess the genotyping performance of the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit across a range of genomic DNA input concentrations. In order to determine the lowest concentration of DNA at which this assay is accurate, serial dilutions (125, 25, 2.5, 0.25 ng) of three genomic DNA samples of different genotypes were assayed 40 times using the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit. Two entire runs were repeated as a result of control failures and two additional runs were performed for individual test samples that gave a first-pass no-call result. The study was performed with reagents and tests from 5 lots of the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit, using three TruDx® 2000 Imager instruments, and 7 operators over 12 testing days over the course of 20 total calendar days. A total of 362 samples were tested and all genotyping calls of the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit were compared to their corollary bi-directional Sanger sequencing result. The recommended DNA input for the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit is 25 ng at a concentration of 5 ng/uL.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>First Pass Calls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Final Result a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Donor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNAInput(ng)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#ReplicatesTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5-125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5-125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/²1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/°1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5-125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total all 3 Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5-125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>362</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>319</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43 d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr></table>

a Final Result represents a second repeat of a No Call. Incorrect Calls were not repeated. b The Correct Call rate is the proportion of Correct Calls from the total number of calls. c Repeat runs were not performed. ${ \textsf { d } } _ { 2 }$ runs had a negative control failure.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>cYanmaGnaYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>First Pass Calls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Final Result a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNAAmount(ng)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loci</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalNumberof Calls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>366</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>366</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>354</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>363</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.6%</td></tr></table>

a Final Result represents a second repeat of a No Call. Incorrect Calls were not repeated. b The Correct Call rate is the proportion of Correct Calls from the total number of calls. c Repeat runs were not performed. ${ \textsf { d } } _ { 2 }$ runs had a negative control failure.

# Method Comparison

The method comparison evaluation was performed to assess the genotyping performance of the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit as compared to bi-directional DNA sequencing across an extensive range of donor genotypes. Testing was conducted at one site (internal site). The test panel for the method comparison study consisted of 303 unique human genomic DNA samples isolated from saliva specimens collected using the Oragene®Dx OGD-500 device followed by DNA extraction using the Qiagen QIAamp DNA Mini Kit and genotype testing using the TruArray $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit.

The study was performed with four lots of the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit, four TruDx® 2000 Imager instruments, and four operators over 14 testing days over the course of 30 total consecutive calendar days. The samples were typically run for their firstpass call in batches of 16 samples including 13 test samples, a negative extraction control, a positive PCR control and negative PCR control. An additional run was performed for tests that gave a first-pass no-call result.

Results are as summarized in the tables below. All genotyping calls of the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit were compared to their corollary bi-directional sequencing result. For the first pass runs, a total of 303 donor samples were run resulting in 299 Correct Calls, 3 No Calls, and 1 Incorrect Calls. An investigation revealed that the incorrect call was the result of a sample mix-up. All $3 N o$ Calls were resolved upon the second repeat runs. The Correct Call Rate for the first-pass runs is $9 8 . 7 \%$ and a $9 5 \%$ lower confidence bound of $9 7 . 0 \%$ . For the repeat runs (Final Result), the Correct Call Rate is $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and a $9 5 \%$ lower confidence bound of $9 9 . 0 \%$ . The Final Results yielded $100 \%$ agreement between the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit results and bi-directional DNA sequencing.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Bi-directional SequencingSample Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>First Pass Calls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Final Result a</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#SamplesTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/°1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/°1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$1/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$1/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/°1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*3/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$1/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>299</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td></tr></table>

a Final Result represents a second repeat of a No Call. Incorrect Calls were not repeated. b The Correct Call rate is the proportion of Correct Calls from the total number of calls. $\mathbb { c }$ One sample reported an incorrect call in the first run. Upon investigation, it was determined a sample mix up had occurred during accessioning. The first-pass call matched the bi-directional DNA sequencing result for the correctly accessioned samples. This sample was not re-run.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bi-directional SequencingSample Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>First Pass Calls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Final Result a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loci</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#SamplesTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>wt/wt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>wt/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.1%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>wt/wt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>wt/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*3/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1 (-1639)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1 (-1639)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1 (-1639)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1%</td></tr></table>

a Final Result represents a second repeat of a No Call. Incorrect Calls were not repeated. b The Correct Call rate is the proportion of Correct Calls from the total number of calls. c One sample reported an incorrect call in the first run. Upon investigation, it was determined a sample mix up had occurred during accessioning. The first-pass call matched the bi-directional DNA sequencing result for the correctly accessioned samples. This sample was not re-run.

# Effect of Endogenous Interfering Substances:

Interfering substances including salivary α-amylase, hemoglobin, immunoglobulin A (IgA) and total protein were spiked into saliva samples in the amounts used by the predicate (GenMark, k110786). Saliva samples were collected using the OrageneDx OGD-500 device and extracted using the Qiagen QIAamp DSP DNA Mini Kit. Five donors provided saliva samples, each of which were divided into five aliquots and spiked with one of the four interfering substances. The fifth aliquot remained un-spiked and served as a control. Three extractions were performed on each spiked and un-spiked sample.

The study was performed with reagents and tests from 3 lots of the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit, using two TruDx® 2000 Imager instruments, and two operators over 5 testing days over the course of 8 total calendar days.

All genotyping calls of the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit were compared to their corollary bi-directional sequencing result. The first run for the study resulted in 3 No Calls which were resolved upon the repeat run. The Final Results yielded $100 \%$ agreement between the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit results and bi-directional DNA sequencing for all test substances demonstrating no effect of any interfering substances on genotyping.

# Endogenous Interference

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>First Pass Calls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Final Result a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferenceCondition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferenceConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#SamplesTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amylase Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>311-341 U</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemoglobinTotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.2 - 22.1 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgA Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 - 0.5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 - 2.7 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr></table>

a Final Result represents a second repeat of a No Call.

# Effect of Exogenous Interfering Substances:

Potentially interfering exogenous substances introduced into saliva samples through various activities (eating, drinking, chewing gum, mouthwash and smoking) were tested. Each activity group was composed of 5 donors who each provided 2 saliva samples - a baseline/control sample prior to the activity, and a sample collected 30 minutes after the activity. Samples were tested in triplicate. Saliva samples were collected using the OrageneDx OGD-500 device and extracted using the Qiagen QIAamp DSP DNA Mini Kit. A total of 150 samples were tested and all genotyping calls of the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit were compared to their corollary bi-directional Sanger sequencing result.

# Exogenous Interference

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>First Pass Calls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Final Result a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Activity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time-point</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#SamplesTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Eating</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 min.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Drinking</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 min.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ChewingGum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 min.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mouth Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 min.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>[Smoking</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 min.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 min.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1%</td></tr></table>

a Final Result represents a second repeat of a No Call.

# Reproducibility

A reproducibility study was performed to assess the variability of the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit between clinical study sites, operators, days, sample genotypes, instruments, and different lots of TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit. Six specific saliva samples, covering all genotypes detected by the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit were used for this study. Saliva samples were collected using the OrageneDx OGD-500 device and extracted using the Qiagen QIAamp DSP DNA Mini Kit. The study was performed at 3 sites with 4 different lots of the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit, using 4 TruDxTM 2000 Imager instruments, 4 ProFlex™ PCR Systems using the ProFlex™ 2x Flat Sample Block, 6 different genotype saliva samples, and 4 operators testing over 20 nonconsecutive. Site 1 (internal) had two operators and Site 2 and Site 3 each had one operator for a study total of four operators. Each operator processed a single sample (genotype) in triplicate and repeated over 5 non-consecutive days (15 tests per operator per genotype). Four operators generated 60 data points per genotype (4 operators x 15 tests per operator per genotype). 6 different sample genotypes generated 90 data points per operator (6 genotypes x 15 tests per operator per genotype). A total of 360 samples were tested and all genotyping calls of the TruArray $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit were compared to their corollary bidirectional Sanger sequencing result.

# Reproducibility Study by Sample Genotype

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sequencing Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>First Pass Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Final Results &quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#SamplesTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*3/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*2/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*1/*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr></table>

a Final Result represents up to four repeats of a No Call.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>cYanmaGellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>First Pass Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Final Results &quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loci</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#SamplesTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loci</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>311</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loci</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loci</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SNPs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td></tr></table>

a Final Result represents up to four repeats of a No Call. b The Correct Call rate is the proportion of Correct Calls from the total number of calls.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>cYanmaGnYellob</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>First Pass Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Final Results &quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loci</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#SamplesTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#IncorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCallRate b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>#15007/5008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>#20011/0008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>#38005/8004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>#46010/0015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.2%6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AllLots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>311</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C9*3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VKORC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SNPs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td></tr></table>

a Final Result represents up to four repeats of a No Call. b The Correct Call rate is the proportion of Correct Calls from the total number of calls.

# Kit Stability

Akonni conducted a Stability study to determine the expiration date of the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit. Based on this 9 months of Stability testing, an expiry date of 6 months was determined for the TruArray® Warfarin Sensitivity Test Kit.

# EMC and Safety Testing

afety testing was performed on the TruDiagnosis® System in accordance with the following Standard:   
 IEC 61010-1:2010 3rd edition: General Requirements for Basic Safety and Essential Performance EN 61326-1:2013 / EN 55011:2010 / EN 55022:2010: Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)  IEC 60601-1-2:2014 Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-2: General requirements for basic safety and essential performance - Collateral standard: Electromagnetic compatibility - Requirements and tests

# TruDx® Imager and TruSpot™ Software Performance Testing

Verification testing for the TruDx® 2000 Imager was performed to confirm the documented Product Requirements. A total of eight (8) different verification tests were performed, as listed below.

 Mechanical Verification  Electrical Verification  Functional Verification  Shipping and Packaging  Environmental Verification  Reliability Verification  Hardware Interface Verification  Performance Verification  Software Verification

TruDx® Imager and TruSpot™ Software were validated in accordance with a Validation plan to ensure conformance with established performance criteria.

# Conclusion

The 510(k) Pre-market Notification for the TruDiagnosis® System contains adequate information and data to determine that Akonni’s TruDiagnosis® System is as safe and effective as the legally marketed predicate device(s).