Immunalysis Corporation Yang Yang Regulatory Affairs Specialist II 829 Towne Center Drive Pomona, CA 91767

Re: K190397 Trade/Device Name: Immunalysis Carisoprodol Metabolite / Meprobamate Urine HEIA Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3590 Regulation Name: Meprobamate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QBK Dated: October 3, 2019 Received: October 4, 2019

Dear Yang Yang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K190397

Device Name Immunalysis Carisoprodol Metabolite / Meprobamate Urine HEIA

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Immunalysis Carisoprodol Metabolite / Meprobamate Urine HEIA is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay for the qualitative analysis of carisoprodol metabolite, Meprobamate, at a cutoff of $2 8 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in human urine. The assay is intended for use in laboratories with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The Immunalysis Carisoprodol Metabolite / Meprobamate Urine HEIA provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography / Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# A. GENERAL INFORMATION

Applicant Name:

Immunalysis Corporation 829 Towne Center Drive Pomona, CA 91767 Establishment # 2020952

Company Contact:

Yang Yang Regulatory Affairs Specialist II Phone: (909) 451-6665 Email: yyang@immunalysis.com

Date Prepared:

November 13, 2019

# B. DEVICE IDENTIFICATION

Trade or Proprietary Names:

Immunalysis Carisoprodol Metabolite / Meprobamate Urine HEIA

Common Name:

Carisoprodol Metabolite / Meprobamate Urine Enzyme Immunoassay

# C. REGULATORY INFORMATION

Device Classification Name:

Meprobamate Test System

Product Codes:

QBK

Regulatory Class:

II

Classification Regulation:

21 CFR 862.3590, Meprobamate Test System

Panel:

Toxicology (91)

Predicate Device:

Lin-Zhi Carisoprodol Metabolite (Meprobamate) Enzyme Immunoassay, Meprobamate Drugs of Abuse Calibrators and Controls [DEN170010]

# D. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Immunalysis Carisoprodol Metabolite / Meprobamate Urine HEIA is a sensitive in vitro diagnostic test intended for use in laboratories for the qualitative analysis of Meprobamate at a cutoff of $2 8 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ in human urine with automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

Carisoprodol (N-isopropylmeprobamate, Soma, ingredient of Soma Compound, Somadri $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ ) is a carbamate derivative first synthesized in 1959 and used clinically as a muscle relaxant and sedative. Carisoprodol is known to be metabolized to meprobamate and hydroxyl-meprobamate.

The assay is based on the competition of carisoprodol labeled enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) and the free Meprobamate in the urine sample for the fixed amount of sheep anti-carisoprodol antibody binding sites. In the absence of the free Meprobamate in the sample, the antibody binds the drug enzyme conjugate and enzyme activity is inhibited. This creates a dose response relationship between drug concentration in the urine and enzyme activity. The enzyme G6PDH activity is determined at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ spectrophotometrically by the conversion of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH.

# E. INTENDED USE

The Immunalysis Carisoprodol Metabolite / Meprobamate Urine HEIA is a homogenous enzyme immunoassay for the qualitative analysis of carisoprodol metabolite, Meprobamate, at a cutoff of $2 8 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in human urine. The assay is intended for use in laboratories with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The Immunalysis Carisoprodol Metabolite / Meprobamate Urine HEIA provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

# F. COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceLin-Zhi Carisoprodol Metabolite(Meprobamate) EnzymeImmunoassay [DEN170010]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceImmunalysis CarisoprodolMetabolite / Meprobamate UrineHEIA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of thepresence of carisoprodol metabolite(meprobamate) in human urine withautomated clinical chemistryanalyzers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative analysis ofcarisoprodol metabolite,meprobamate, in human urine withautomated clinical chemistryanalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous EnzymeImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Environment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For use in laboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mass SpectrometryConfirmation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Required for preliminary positiveanalytical results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Materials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 analytical regents:Antibody/Substrate Reagent andEnzyme Labeled Conjugate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Cutoff Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">280 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal anti-meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyclonal sheep antibodies tocarisoprodol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carisoprodol</td></tr></table>

# G. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

The following laboratory performance studies were performed to determine substantial equivalence of the Immunalysis Carisoprodol Metabolite / Meprobamate Urine HEIA to the predicate device. Assay performance was established using the Olympus AU400e analyzer.

# 1. Precision/Cutoff Characterization - Meprobamate

Precision/Cutoff Characterization study for meprobamate was performed for ten days using three product lots with two runs per day in replicates of four on drug free urine $( \mathrm { N } { = } 8 0 )$ ) spiked with meprobamate to concentrations of $\pm 2 5 \%$ , $\pm 5 0 \%$ , $\pm 7 5 \%$ , and $\pm 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff. The spiked concentrations were confirmed by Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LCMS/MS). The study verified that the cutoff serves as a boundary between a negative and positive interpretation of a qualitative result. Precision test results in qualitative mode are presented in Table 9 - 11.

Table 1. Meprobamate Precision - Lot#1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 Neg/40 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>420</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>490</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

Table 2. Meprobamate Precision - Lot#2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 Neg/42 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>420</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

Table 3. Meprobamate Precision - Lot#3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>490</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 Neg/41 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>420</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>490</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

# 2. Specificity and Cross-Reactivity

Structurally and functionally similar compounds to meprobamate were spiked into drug free urine at levels that will yield a result that is equivalent to the cutoff. The study verified assay performance relative to the ability of the device to exclusively determine certain drugs in the qualitative mode. Cross-reactivity test results in qualitative mode are presented in Table 4.

Table 4. Cross-Reactivity – Qualitative   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CompoundConc.(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">280</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carisoprodol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">280%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Darunavir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Efavirenz</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Felbamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methocarbamol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mitomycin C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-6-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neostigmine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norbuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Retigabine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ritonavir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rivastigmine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trazadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zafirlukast</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/D</td></tr></table>

# 3. Interference – Meprobamate – Structurally Unrelated Compounds

Structurally unrelated compounds were evaluated in qualitative mode by spiking the potential interfering compound into drug-free negative urine containing a meprobamate concentration equivalent to $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the assay cutoff. All potential interferents analyzed verified that assay performance is unaffected by externally ingested compounds. The levels of structurally unrelated compounds that did not interfere in the assay are presented in Table 12.

Table 5. Non-Interfering Structurally Unrelated Compounds to Meprobamate   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conc. Tested (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Bromo-2,5,Dimethoxyphenethylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alphenal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S-(+) Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aprobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzylpiperazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butabarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butalbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cis-Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clozapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclopentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demoxepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desakylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dehydronorketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delta-9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1R,2S(-)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1S,2R(+)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haloperidol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hexobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-hydroxy-delta-9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lamotrigine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol tartrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDEA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S(+)-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-desmethyl tapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-desmethyl venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-9 carboxy THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-desmethyl tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-desmethyl venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olanzapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propranolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R,R(-)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S,S(+)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ritalinic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sufentanil Citrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Talbutal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiopental</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoromethylphenyl-piperazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem Tartrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr></table>

# 4. Interference - Endogenous Compounds and Urine Preservatives

Endogenous compounds and urine preservatives were evaluated in qualitative mode by spiking the potential interferent into drug free urine containing meprobamate concentration equivalent to $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the assay cutoff. Due to the interference of boric acid observed at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff, potential interference was also evaluated at $\pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff. Other than boric acid, assay performance is unaffected by all the other internally existing physiological conditions or urine preservatives tested. Compounds tested that did not interfere in the assay are presented in Table 13. Boric acid interference test results in qualitative mode are presented in Table 14.

Table 6. Non-Interfering Endogenous Compounds and Urine Preservatives   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc. Tested (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>γ-Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.300 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0075 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 g/dL</td></tr></table>

Table 7. Boric Acid Interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff(140 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff(420 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# 5. Interference – pH

To evaluate potential interference from the effect of urine $\mathrm { p H }$ , device performance in the qualitative mode was tested at $\mathrm { p H }$ values 3.0, 7.0 and 11.0. All test samples were prepared in drug-free urine containing meprobamate at the concentration equivalent to $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the carisoprodol assay cutoff. No positive or negative interference was observed at urine $\mathsf { p H }$ values 3.0, 7.0 and 11.0 for each test mode.

# 6. Interference - Specific Gravity

To evaluate potential interference from the specific gravity of urine, device performance in the qualitative mode was tested at physiologically relevant urine specific gravity values 1.000, 1.015 and 1.030. All test samples were prepared in drug free urine containing meprobamate at the concentration equivalent to $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the carisoprodol assay cutoff. No positive or negative interference was observed at urine specific gravity values 1.000, 1.015 and 1.030 for each test mode.

# 7. Calibration Duration

Drug free negative urine spiked with carisoprodol at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff were tested in qualitative mode at time points up to 14 days. At the initial time point, a two-point calibration curve was established. This calibration was used through the duration of this study. The test results met acceptance criteria at each time point. The recommended frequency of calibration is 14 days.

# 8. Specimen Stability (Urine)

De-identified, unaltered clinical urine samples containing carisoprodol and/or meprobamate obtained from clinical testing were tested by LC-MS/MS at each time point at $2 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } - 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and at $2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } \cdot 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } .$ Test results indicated that urine samples containing carisoprodol and/or meprobamate are stable for up to 7 days stored at ambient temperature up to $3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and up to 6 months stored at $2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# 9. Urine Elimination Study

The ten subjects were self-reported single dose users of either $2 5 0 \mathrm { m g }$ or $3 5 0 \mathrm { m g }$ of carisoprodol and have taken the single dose of carisoprodol within 48 hours of enrollment and did not take carisoprodol for 96 hours after enrollment. The subjects were instructed to collect his/her first urine at the time of enrollment and every 12-24 hours from time of enrollment. The collected samples were screened with Immunalysis Carisoprodol Metabolite / Meprobamate Urine HEIA in qualitative mode in singlicate. Carisoprodol and Meprobamate mass spectrometry analysis was performed for all samples. The earliest time post ingestion of drug that the carisoprodol or meprobamate in the urine specimen decreased below cutoff level is 45.5 hours.

# 10. Method Comparison

A total of one hundred and sixty seven (167) de-identified, unaltered leftover clinical urine samples obtained from clinical testing laboratories were analyzed by the Immunalysis Carisoprodol Metabolite / Meprobamate Urine HEIA and by LC-MS/MS. The cutoff of 280 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ of meprobamate was used to distinguish positive results from negative results for LCMS/MS. Fifty-five (55) specimens showed negative results by both methods, and one hundred and seven (107) specimens showed positive results by both methods. Results are shown in Table 8. The five false positive samples (indicated by an asterisk) each contained carisoprodol and are not a cause for clinical concern (see Table 9). The instruments used were an Olympus AU 400e and an Agilent 6430 Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry.

Table 8. Method Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Immunalysis Meprobamate Urine HEIA Result</td><td colspan="4">LC-MS/MS Total Meprobamate Concentration</td><td rowspan="2">Agreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td>&lt; 140 ng/mL (less than -50% cutoff)</td><td>140-279 ng/mL (between -50% cutoff and</td><td>280-420 ng/mL (between cutoff and +50%</td><td>&gt; 420 ng/mL (greater than +50% cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>3</td><td>cutoff) 2</td><td>cutoff) 3</td><td>104</td><td>100% (107/107)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>51</td><td>4</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>92% (55/60)</td></tr></table>

Table 9 Discrepant Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meprobamate(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carisoprodol(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35,156</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120,593</td></tr></table>

# H. CONCLUSION

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the Immunalysis Carisoprodol Metabolite / Meprobamate Urine HEIA is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its intended use.