December 9, 2019

Microgenics Corporation   
Minoti Patel   
Director, Regulatory Affairs   
45600 Kato Road   
Fremont, CA 94538

Re: K190968 Trade/Device Name: CEDIATM Benzodiazepine Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3170 Regulation Name: Benzodiazepine Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JXM Dated: October 21, 2019 Received: October 22, 2019

Dear Minoti Patel:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K190968

Device Name   
CEDIATM Benzodiazepine   
Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)

The CEDIATM Benzodiazepine Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for the qualitative and/or semiquantitative determination of benzodiazepines in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LCMS/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography / Mass spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid chromatography/ tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary results are used. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 1. 510(k) Summary

k190968

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# A. Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sponsor:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microgenics CorporationThermo Fisher Scientific46500 Kato RoadFremont, CA 94538Phone: 510-979-5000FAX: 510-979-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent ContactInformation:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minoti PatelDirector, Regulatory AffairsEmail: Minoti.patel@thermofisher.comPhone: 510-979-5000FAX: 510-979-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade or Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEDIATM Benzodiazepine Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device ProductCode, Classification,Classification Name &amp;Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXM, Class II, 21 CFR 862. 3170  BenzodiazepineTest System, 91  Toxicology</td></tr></table>

Predicate Device Information:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEDIATM DAU Benzodiazepine Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceManufacturer:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microgenics Corp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device PremarketNotification #:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K962734</td></tr></table>

B. Date Summary Prepared December 09, 2019

# C. Description of Device

CEDIA™ technology uses recombinant DNA technology to produce a unique homogeneous enzyme immunoassay system. The assay is based on the bacterial enzyme $\beta$ -galactosidase, which has been genetically engineered into two inactive fragments, Enzyme acceptor (EA) and Enzyme Donor (ED). These fragments spontaneously re-associate to form fully active enzyme that, in the assay format, cleaves a substrate. This generates a color change that can be measured spectrophotometrically.

The assay consists of buffers (1 and 2) and lyophilized reagents (1a and 2a). The components include sheep polyclonal anti-benzodiazepine antibody, recombinant microbial “enzyme donor” – benzodiazepine conjugate, “enzyme acceptor”, chlorophenol red $\beta$ -Dgalactopyranoside, stabilizers and preservatives. Add $\beta$ -glucuronidase enzyme to the reconstituted EA solution before using the assay. All specimens must be tested with $\beta \cdot$ - glucuronidase enzyme. This enzyme will hydrolyze the glucuronidated metabolites of benzodiazepines in the samples, thereby enabling the detection of benzodiazepine glucuronides.

# D. Intended Use

The CEDIA™ Benzodiazepine Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative determination of benzodiazepines in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography / Mass spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary results are used. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

<table><tr><td>Characteristic Intended Use</td><td>Candidate Device: CEDIATM Benzodiazepine Assay The CEDIATM Benzodiazepine</td><td>Predicate Device: CEDIATM DAU Benzodiazepine (K962734)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Operating Principle</td><td>Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for the qualitative and/or semi- quantitative determination of benzodiazepines in human urine at a cutoff concentration of 200 ng/mL.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures. The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>chromatography / Mass spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. professional judgment should be</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Clinical consideration and applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary results are used. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only. CEDIATM</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:CEDIATM Benzodiazepine Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:CEDIATM DAU Benzodiazepine(K962734)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepines and theirmetabolites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HS 200 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous EnzymeImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EA and ED: Lyophilized(Reconstitution Required)EARB and EDRB liquid ready-to-use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sheep polyclonal antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 °C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principal Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trained professionals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td></tr></table>

# F. Test Principle

The CEDIA™ Benzodiazepine Assay uses recombinant DNA technology (US Patent No. 4708929) to produce a unique homogeneous enzyme immunoassay system. This assay is based on the bacterial enzyme $\beta \mathrm { . }$ -galactosidase, which has been genetically engineered into two inactive fragments. These fragments, termed Enzyme Acceptor (EA) and Enzyme Donor (ED) spontaneously re-associate to form a fully active enzyme that, in the assay format, cleaves a substrate, generating a color change that can be measured spectrophotometrically.

# G. Summary of Supporting Data

# 1. Analytical Performance:

Performance is evaluated at the manufacturer’s site on the Beckman Coulter AU680 clinical analyzer.

# a) Precision

Precision studies were performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP05-A3. Samples were prepared by spiking Oxazepam into drug free urine at the cutoff, $2 5 \%$ , $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ and $100 \%$ above and below the cutoff and tested in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. Results presented below were generated by testing all samples in replicates of 2, twice per day for 20 days, total $\scriptstyle \mathrm { n = 8 0 }$ . The results for both cutoffs are summarized in the tables below.

Qualitative and Semi-Quantitative Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpikedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff(200 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total Precision (n=80)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeImmunoassayResults(Negative/Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitativeImmunoassayResults(Negative/Positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79/1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr></table>

# b) Spike Recovery

The study was performed using 20 replicates. This study was carried out by testing spiked samples containing Oxazepam at the cutoff calibrator and control levels. The spiked samples were prepared by spiking Oxazepam into drug free urine. Samples were tested in both Qualitative and Semi-Quantitative mode. The qualitative results for both cutoffs are summarized in the tables below.

Qualitative Data   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Replicates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150 ng/mL(n=20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250 ng/mL(n=20)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overlap</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Relative to C/O</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All 20 below C/O</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All 20 above C/O</td></tr></table>

# c) Analytical Recovery and Linearity

Linearity studies were performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP06-A. To demonstrate the dilution linearity for purposes of sample dilution and quality control upto $8 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ assay range, drug free urine was spiked to $9 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ level calibrator using Oxazepam and diluted with drug free urine to generate 8 intermediate levels.

Each sample was run in replicates of five in semi-quantitative mode and the average was used to determine percent recovery compared to the expected target value. The percent recovery is summarized in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Recovery(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range of Recovery%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>95.2 - 107.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>289.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>412.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>517.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>595.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>666.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>766.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8</td></tr></table>

# d) Method Comparison and Accuracy

The method comparison study was performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP09-A3.

One hundred and twenty eight samples were treated with $\beta$ -glucuronidase reagent prior to analysis by the CEDIA $\mathbf { \Pi } _ { . } ^ { \mathbf { T M } }$ Benzodiazepine Assay in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. The results were compared to LC-MS/MS where samples were also treated with $\beta \cdot$ - glucuronidase. The overall concordance between LC-MS/MS and CEDIA™ Benzodiazepine Assay is $9 7 \%$ in Qualitative mode and $9 6 \%$ in Semi-Quantitative mode for high sensitivity $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff.

The qualitative and semi-quantitative results is summarized in the tables below.

Qualitative Mode Accuracy study with LC-MS/MS as reference method for high sensitivity 200 $\mathbf { n } \mathbf { g } / \mathbf { m L }$ cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateDeviceResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50% of Cutoffconcentration byLC-MS/MS(&lt; 100 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative (Between50% below thecutoff and thecutoff concentrationas determined byLC-MS/MS)(100-199 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Positive(Between the cutoffand 50% above thecutoff concentrationas determined byLC-MS/MS)(200-300 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positives(Greater than50% above cutoffconcentration(&gt; 300 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4*b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Agreement among Positives: $6 8 / 6 8 = 1 0 \%$ Agreement among Negative: $5 6 / 6 0 = 9 3 \%$

Semi-Quantitative Mode Accuracy study with LC-MS/MS as reference method for high sensitivity 20 $\underline { { \mathbf { n g } / \mathbf { n L } } }$ cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateDeviceResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50% of Cutoffconcentration byLC-MS/MS (&lt;100 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative (Between50% below thecutoff and thecutoff concentrationas determined byLC-MS/MS)(100-199 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive (Betweenthe cutoff and50% above thecutoffconcentration asdetermined byLC-MS/MS)(200-300 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positives(Greater than 50%above cutoffconcentration(&gt; 300 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4*b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Agreement among Positives: $6 7 / 6 8 = 9 9 \%$ Agreement among Negative: $5 6 / 6 0 = 9 3 \%$

$\ast ^ { \mathbf { b } }$ Discordant sample results for high sensitivity ${ \bf 2 0 0 n g / m L }$ cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Semi-Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LC-MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative/Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative/Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalBenzodiazepineParent Only(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative/Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA160606-045*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA170605-001*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3723</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA160926-057*1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1441</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA180820-014*2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

$^ { * 1 }$ These samples are discordant due to the presence of parent benzodiazepine and also benzodiazepine metabolites as follows: CA160606-045 contains 7-aminoclonazepam at $3 1 5 5 \mathrm { n g / m l }$ . CA170605-001 7-aminoclonazepam at $5 6 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . CA160926-057 contains 7-aminoclonazepam at $4 1 1 \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ and $1 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ of $\mathfrak { a }$ hydroxyprazolam. $^ { * 2 }$ Sample CA180820-014 is borderline negative by LC-MS/MS at $1 9 7 \mathrm { n g / m l }$ compared to the $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m l } }$ cut-off.

# e) Specificity

The cross-reactivity of benzodiazepine compounds were evaluated by adding known amounts of each compound to drug-free negative urine. The results are summarized in the tables below.

Cross reactivity of benzodiazepines and metabolites   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepines and metabolites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>α-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>α-Hydroxytriazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bromazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clobazam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clorazepate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delorazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Demoxepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desalkylflurazepam(Norfludiazepam)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flunitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flurazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>286</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lorazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lorazepam glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lormetazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordiazepam(Desmethyldiazepam)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>286</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temazepam glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td></tr></table>

Structurally unrelated compounds were evaluated by adding each substance to Oxazepam spiked at $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ $- 2 5 \%$ of the $2 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff concentration), $2 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ $( + 2 5 \%$ of the $2 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff concentration), at the concentrations indicated. As shown in the table below, the Controls were detected accurately, Low Control as Negative and the High Control as Positive, indicating that all the compounds evaluated exhibited no significant cross-reactivity at the concentrations tested.

Structurally unrelated compounds spiked at the concentration listed below into Low and High control urine   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Structurally Unrelated Compounds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Control(150 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Control(250 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetyl Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,11 Dihydrocarbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ9-THC-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Captopril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cimetidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enalapril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haloperidol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levothyroxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morhpine-3β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morhpine-6β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalbuphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxaprozin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulpiride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triprolidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enalapril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicyluric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolmetin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr></table>

# f) Interference

The interference studies were performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP07-A2, using both Qualitative and Semi-quantitative modes. The potential interference of $\mathsf { p H }$ , endogenous and

exogenous physiologic substances on recovery of Oxazepam using CEDIA™ Benzodiazepine Assay was assessed by spiking known compounds of potentially interfering substances into the Low Control, $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ( $- 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ) and High Control, $2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ $( + 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L ) }$ . In the presence of the compounds listed below, the controls were detected accurately, indicating that these compounds did not show interference in the assay.

Interference substances for 200 ng/mL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestedConcentration(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>200 ng/mL cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control(150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control(250 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# g) Specific Gravity

Drug free urine samples with specific gravity ranging in value within 1.002 to 1.029 were split and spiked with Oxazepam to a final concentration of either $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $2 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (the Low Control concentrations). These samples were then evaluated in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. The Controls were detected accurately, indicating that no interference was observed.

Specific gravity interference data for 200 ng/mL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpecificGravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>200 ng/mL cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control(150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control(250 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# H. Conclusion

The information supports a determination of substantial equivalence between CEDIA™ Benzodiazepine Assay and the predicate device CEDIA™ DAU Benzodiazepine Assay (K962734)