March 12, 2020

MedTest Dx William Cripps Director, R&D, QA/RA 5449 Research Drive Canton, MI 48188

Re: k191638 Trade/Device Name: Pointe Scientific Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3250 Regulation Name: Cocaine And Cocaine Metabolite Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DIO Dated: January 27, 2020 Received: January 28, 2020

Dear William Cripps:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Please note that if you modify your IVD in the future to exceed any of the limitations to the exemption found in 21 CFR 862.9(c), your device will require a new $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ prior to marketing this device in the United States and will not be exempt from the premarket notification requirements so long as it exceeds the limitations to the exemption found in 21 CFR 862.9.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Pointe Scientific Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay

Indications for Use (Describe) Indications For Use: The Pointe Scientific Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative determination of benzoylecgonine (a cocaine metabolite) in human urine at a cutoff value of $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . Rx only.

This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas or Liquid Chromatograph/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# a. Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sponsor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MedTest Dx5449 Research DriveCanton, MI 48188Phone: 734-487-8300Fax: 734-483-1592</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent ContactInformation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>William CrippsDirector, R&amp;D/RA/QAEmail:wcripps@medtestdx.comPhone: 734-487-8300 ext. 120Fax: 734-483-1592</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device 510(k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K191638</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade or ProprietaryName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pointe Scientific Cocaine Metabolite EnzymeImmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceProduct Code,Classification,Classification Name &amp;Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIO, Class II, 21 CFR 862. 3250 - Cocaine MetaboliteTest System, 91 - Toxicology</td></tr></table>

Predicate Device Information   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceManufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lin-Zhi International, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DevicePremarketNotification #:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K113139</td></tr></table>

# b. Date Summary Prepared

June 17, 2019   
Updated January 27, 2020   
Updated February 3, 2020   
Updated February 26, 2020

# c. Description of Device

The Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay consists of ready-to-use liquid reagents:

Reagent 1 contains a mouse monoclonal anti-benzoylecgonine antibody, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD), stabilizers and sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as a preservative. Reagent 2 contains glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled with benzoylecgonine in buffer with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as a preservative.

The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) for a fixed amount of antibody in the reagent. Enzyme activity decreases upon binding to the antibody, and the drug concentration in the sample is measured in terms of enzyme activity. In the absence of drug in the sample, benzoylecgonine-labeled G6PDH conjugate is bound to antibody, and the enzyme activity is inhibited. On the other hand, when drug is present in the sample, antibody binds to the free drug; the unbound benzoylecgonine-labeled G6PDH then exhibits its maximal enzyme activity. Active enzyme converts nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH, resulting in an absorbance change that can be measured spectrophotometrically at a 340 nm primary wavelength.

The assay has a cutoff of 150 ng/mL benzoylecgonine.

# d. Intended Use

The Pointe Scientific Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative determination of benzoylecgonine (a cocaine metabolite) in human urine at a cutoff value of 150 ng/mL. Rx only.

This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas or Liquid Chromatograph/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive.

# e. Comparison to Predicate Device

The chart below illustrates the similarities between the Pointe Scientific Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay and the predicate, Lin-Zhi International (LZI) Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine Metabolite EnzymeImmunoassay (Proposed Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lin-Zhi International (LZI)K113139 (Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Pointe Scientific Cocaine MetaboliteEnzyme Immunoassay is intended for thequalitative determination ofbenzoylecgonine (a cocaine metabolite) inhuman urine at a cutoff value of 150 ng/mL.Rx only.This assay provides only a preliminaryanalytical test result. A more specificalternative chemical method must be usedin order to obtain a confirmed analyticalresult. Gas or Liquid Chromatograph/MassSpectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) are thepreferred confirmatory methods. Clinicalconsideration and professional judgmentshould be exercised with any drug of abusetest result, particularly when the preliminaryresult is positive.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To be used for the qualitative andsemi-quantitative determination ofbenzoylecgonine in human urine, at acutoff value of 150 ng/mL. This assayis designed for prescription use with anumber of clinical chemistry analyzers.The semi-quantitative mode is forpurposes of (1) enabling laboratoriesto determine an appropriate dilution ofthe specimen for confirmation by aconfirmatory method such as GCMS or(2) permitting laboratories to establishquality control procedures.This assay provides only a preliminaryanalytical test result. A more specificalternative chemical method must beused in order to obtain a confirmedanalytical result. Gas or LiquidChromatograph/Mass Spectrometry(GC/MS or LC/MS) is the preferredconfirmatory method. Clinicalconsideration and professionaljudgment should be exercised with anydrug of abuse test result, particularlywhen the preliminary result is positive.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assay consists of ready-to-use liquidreagents. Reagent 1 contains a mousemonoclonal anti-benzoylecgonine antibody,glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) nicotinamideadenine dinucleotide (NAD), stabilizers andsodium azide (0.09%) as a preservative.Reagent 2 contains glucose-6-phosphatedehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled withbenzoylecgonine in buffer with sodium azide(0.09%) as a preservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels (0 ng/mL, 150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 Levels (0, 75, 150, 300, 1000 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels (112.5 ng/mL, 187.5 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# f. Performance Data

Performance was evaluated at the MedTest Dx site on both the Mindray BS-480 and the Mindray BA-800M clinical chemistry analyzers.

# Method Comparison Studies

Method comparison studies were performed following CLSI EP-12A2, using remnant urine samples obtained from a third-party biorepository. Results obtained through the Pointe Scientific Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay were compared against results obtained from a fully validated and qualified Agilent 6460 LC/MS. Included below is the precision and accuracy data for the analytical reference method on the Agilent 6460 LC/MS.

When analyzing Benzoylecgonine reference materials from Cerilliant with the reference LC/MS method, the following results were obtained.

Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine Std</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr></table>

Accuracy   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assigned Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovered Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.70 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.11ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.80ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.89ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149.89ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274.49 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.7</td></tr></table>

# Traceability

All standards used in the LC/MS methods are certified reference materials obtained from Cerilliant.

# BS-480:

114 unaltered clinical urine remnant samples were evaluated on 3 nonconsecutive days by the Pointe Scientific Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay and compared to LC/MS. Results from the qualitative study are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateDeviceResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 75 ng/mLby LC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75-150ng/mL byLC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150-225ng/mL byLC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;225 ng/mLby LC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

$\%$ Agreement among positives is $8 8 . 9 \%$ (40/45) $\%$ Agreement among negatives is $9 8 . 6 \%$ (68/69)

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pointe Scientific Cocaine MetaboliteEnzyme Immunoassay Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Metabolite LC/MSValue Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (102 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(222 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(214 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(156 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(165 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (164 ng/mL)</td></tr></table>

# BA-800M

114 unaltered clinical urine remnant samples were evaluated on 3 nonconsecutive days by the Pointe Scientific Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay and compared to LC/MS. Results from the qualitative study are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateDeviceResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 75 ng/mLby LC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75-150ng/mL byLC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150-225ng/mL byLC/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;225 ng/mLby LC/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

$\%$ Agreement among positives is $9 3 . 3 \%$ (42/45) $\%$ Agreement among negatives is $9 8 . 6 \%$ (68/69)

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pointe Scientific Cocaine MetaboliteEnzyme Immunoassay Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Metabolite LC/MSValue Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (102 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(214 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(156 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (164 ng/mL)</td></tr></table>

# Precision Studies

Precision studies were conducted in accordance with CLSI EP05-A3. Precision was determined by spiking benzoylecgonine into drug free urine at various concentrations (zero, $- 7 5 \%$ , $-50 \%$ , $- 2 5 \%$ , at the cutoff, $12 5 \%$ , $150 \%$ , $17 5 \%$ and $200 \%$ of the cutoff). Concentrations were confirmed by LC/MS. Testing for both the with-in run and betweenrun studies were performed by testing each sample in replicate, with two runs per day, for 20 days. The qualitative results are presented below as Positive/Negative.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sampleconcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.Observations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Neg/#Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.Observations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Neg/#Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5 (-75% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 (-50% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.5 (-25% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 (cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68/12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5 (+25% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 (+50% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262.5 (+75% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 (+100% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr></table>

These results indicate that the Pointe Scientific Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay has acceptable precision on the BS-480.

BA-800M Qualitative Results (Pos/Neg):   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sampleconcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.Observations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Neg/#Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.Observations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Neg/#Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5 (-75% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 (-50% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.5 (-25% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 (cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41/39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5 (+25% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 (+50% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262.5 (+75% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 (+100% c/o)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr></table>

These results indicate that the Pointe Scientific Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay has acceptable precision on the BA-800M.

# Interference (Endogenous Substances) Study

Interference studies were conducted following a modification to CLSI EP07.

The following endogenous compounds were added into drug-free urine, urine sample spiked to $7 5 \%$ of benzoylecgonine and urine spiked to $12 5 \%$ o f benzoylecgonine at various concentrations. The substances listed in the table below were determined not to interfere at the concentration shown.

To test for possible positive and/or negative interference from pH, urine samples having pH from 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 were used. Each of these samples were divided into two aliquots for each drug and spiked to $7 5 \%$ of the cutoff and $12 5 \%$ of the cutoff. No positive or negative interference due to pH was observed.

Qualitative results were identical for the BS-480 and BA-800M analyzers.

BS-480 and BA-800M Interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InterferingSubstances</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Spiked[](mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Qualitative Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL(Pos/Neg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.5 ng/mLControl(Pos/Neg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5 ng/mLControl(Pos/Neg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspirin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r-Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human SerumAlbumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

To test for possible positive and/or negative interference from pH, urine samples having pH from 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 were used. Each of these samples were divided into two aliquots for each drug and spiked to $7 5 \%$ of the cutoff and $12 5 \%$ of the cutoff. No positive or negative interference due to pH was observed.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Interfering pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Spiked[](mg/dL)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Qualitative Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 ng/mL(Pos/Neg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112.5 ng/mLControl(Pos/Neg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">187.5 ng/mLControl(Pos/Neg)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH 8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH 9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH 11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr></table>

To test for possible positive and/or negative interference from specific gravity, urine samples having specific gravity ranging from $1 . 0 0 0 \ : \mathfrak { g } / \mathfrak { m } \ : L$ to $1 . 0 3 1 ~ { \mathfrak { g } } / { \mathfrak { m L } }$ were used. Each of these samples were divided into three aliquots and two were spiked to $7 5 \%$ of the cutoff and $12 5 \%$ of the cutoff, the third was not spiked. No positive or negative interference due to specific gravity was observed.

BS-480 Specific Gravity Interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specific Gravity ofSpecimen(g/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Qualitative Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL(Pos/Neg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.5 ng/mL Control(Pos/Neg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5 ng/mL Control(Pos/Neg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

BA-800M Specific Gravity Interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specific Gravity ofSpecimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Qualitative Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL(Pos/Neg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.5 ng/mL Control(Pos/Neg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5 ng/mL Control(Pos/Neg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

# Cross Reactivity

Cross-reactivity was established by spiking various concentrations of structurally related and unrelated compounds into drug-free urine. Following a “least burdensome approach”, manufacturer studies performed on another analyzer have been referenced after completing proof of principle testing on a subset of structurally and non-structurally related compounds. Right to Reference Letter is located in Appendix F.

Proof of Principle Testing performed on Mindray BA-800M and Mindray BS-480:

BA-800M Structurally Related Compounds   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Cross Reactant</td><td rowspan="2">Target Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan="2">%Cross Reactivity Calculated based on Analyzer Recovered Concentration</td><td rowspan="2">%Cross Reactivity Calculated based on Cutoff</td></tr><tr><td>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>150</td><td>113.43%</td><td>100.00 %</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>10,000</td><td>1.52%</td><td>1.50 %</td></tr></table>

BA-800M Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 %</td></tr></table>

BS-480 Structurally Related Compounds   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross ReactivityCalculated basedon AnalyzerRecoveredConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CrossReactivityCalculated basedon CutoffConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.37%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 %</td></tr></table>

BS-480 Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 %</td></tr></table>

Referenced Cross Reactivity Testing on Hitachi 717:

The following tables summarizes the approximate quantity of each compound that is equivalent in assay reactivity to the $1 5 0 \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ benzoylecgonine cutoff. Results are expressed as a minimum concentration of metabolite or compound required to produce a response approximately equivalent to the cutoff concentration of the assay or the maximal concentration of the compound tested that gave a response with crossreactivity below the cutoff calibrator. The percent cross-reactivity of those compounds are presented below.

Structurally Related Cocaine Compound (as found in Appendix F):   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.03 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.10 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.58 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine, Methyl Ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 %</td></tr></table>

Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds (as found in Appendix F):   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Captopril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpomazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enalapril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glyburide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicodine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicyluric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor- THC-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valproic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 %</td></tr></table>

# Traceability

Two levels of calibrators (0 and $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } ) }$ and two levels of control material (112.5 ng/mL, $1 8 7 . 5 \ : \mathrm { { n g / m L } ) }$ are available for use with the Pointe Scientific Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay. A commercially available benzoylecgonine standard solution from Cerilliant Analytical Reference Standards is used and traceable to NIST standard. This standard solution is made into a secondary (lower concentration) stock solution. The secondary stock solution is then spiked into the calibrators and controls to the desired concentration. The concentrations are confirmed by GC/MS.

# Conclusion

We feel that the enclosed data supports a determination that the Pointe Scientific Cocaine Metabolite Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent in terms of composition and performance to the product marketed by Lin-Zhi International.