Lin-Zhi International, Inc.   
Bernice Lin   
VP of Operations   
2945 Oakmead Village Court Santa Clara, CA 95051

Re: k192299 Trade/Device Name: LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3220 Regulation Name: Carbon monoxide test system Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: MKU Dated: August 19, 2019 Received: August 23, 2019

Dear Bernice Lin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Marianela Perez-torres -S

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director (Acting)   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k192299

LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay

Indications for Use (Describe)

The LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of cotinine in human urine at the cutoff value of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ when calibrated against cotinine. The assay is intended as an aid in the detection of cotinine after use or exposure to tobacco products. The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as gas or liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method (e.g., gas or liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry) must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Number: k192299

# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Submitted On

August 21, 2019

# Last Updated On

November 20, 2019

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter Name, Address, and Contact:

Lin-Zhi International, Inc. 2945 Oakmead Village Court Santa Clara, CA 95051 Phone: (408) 970-8811 Fax: (408) 970-9030 e-mail: bclin@lin-zhi.com

Contact: Bernice Lin, Ph.D. VP Operations

# Device Name and Classification

Classification Name:

Enzyme Immunoassay, Nicotine and Nicotine Metabolites   
Class II, MKU (91 Toxicology),   
21 CFR 862.3220

Common Name:

Homogeneous Cotinine Enzyme Immunoassay

Proprietary Name:

LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay

# Legally Marketed Predicate Device(s)

The LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the NicCheckI Test Strips (k963733) manufactured by Dynagen, Inc. The LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay is identical or similar to its predicate in terms of intended use, method principle, device components, and clinical performance.

# Device Description

The LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with readyto-use liquid reagents. The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) for a fixed amount of antibody in the reagent. Enzyme activity decreases upon binding to the antibody, and the drug concentration in the sample is measured in terms of enzyme activity. In the absence of drug in the sample, cotinine-labeled G6PDH conjugate is bound to antibody, and the enzyme activity is inhibited. On the other hand, when free drug is present in the sample, antibody would bind to free drug; the unbound cotinine-labeled G6PDH then exhibits its maximal enzyme activity. Active enzyme converts nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH, resulting in an absorbance change that can be measured spectrophotometrically at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ .

The LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay is a kit comprised of two reagents, an $\mathrm { R } _ { 1 }$ and ${ \tt R } _ { 2 }$ which are bottled separately but sold together within the kit.

The $\mathrm { R } _ { 1 }$ solution contains mouse monoclonal anti-cotinine antibody, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD), stabilizers, and sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \mathrm { ~ \% ~ } )$ as a preservative. The ${ \tt R } _ { 2 }$ solution contains glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled with cotinine in buffer with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as a preservative.

# Intended Use

The LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of cotinine in human urine at the cutoff value of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ when calibrated against cotinine. The assay is intended as an aid in the detection of cotinine after use or exposure to tobacco products. The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as gas or liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method (e.g., gas or liquid chromatograpy and mass spectrometry) must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

The LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the NicCheckI Test Strips manufactured by Dynagen, Inc. which was cleared by the FDA under the premarket notification k963733 for its stated intended use.

The following table compares the LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay with the predicate device.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device (k192299)LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (k963733)NicCheckI Test Strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay isintended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of cotinine inhuman urine at the cutoff value of200 ng/mL when calibrated against cotinine.The assay is intended as an aid in thedetection of cotinine after use or exposure totobacco products. The assay is designed forprescription use with a number of automatedclinical chemistry analyzers.The semi-quantitative mode is for purposesof (1) enabling laboratories to determine anappropriate dilution of the specimen forconfirmation by a confirmatory method suchas gas or liquid chromatography/massspectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) or (2)permitting laboratories to establish qualitycontrol procedures.This assay provides a rapid screening procedure fordetermining the presence of cotinine in urine. Theassay provides only a preliminary analytical result. Amore specific alternative chemical method must beused in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result.Gas or liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry(GC/MS or LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatorymethod. Clinical consideration and professionaljudgment should be exercised with any drug of abusetest result, particularly when the preliminary test resultis positive.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NicCheck I Test Strips may be used to detectnicotine and/or its metabolites in urine as anaid in indicating the smoking status of theindividual and in planning appropriatetreatment. The test will also aid in theidentification of a smoker as a low or highnicotine consumer.The NicCheck I test is for professional useonly. Individuals, such as physicians, nurses,pharmacists, medical technologists, andparamedical personnel may perform the test.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cotinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0, 100, 200, 400, and 1000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL and 250 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until expiration date.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until 2 years from date ofmanufacture. Test strips aresusceptible to conditions of highhumidity, the canister must be kepttightly closed after removal of therequired number of strips.</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

# Precision: ${ \bf 2 0 0 n g / m L }$ Cutoff

The assay was -quantitative $\mathrm { ( n g / m L ) }$ mode using a modified NCCLS-EP5 protocol. Cotinine sample concentrations were prepared by spiking a cotinine standard into a pool of negative human urine at concentrations $\pm 2 5 \%$ , $\pm 5 0 \%$ , $\pm 7 5 \%$ , and $\pm 1 0 0 \%$ of cutoff concentration.

Results shown below were obtained by testing all samples in replicate of two, two runs a day (one in the morning and one in the afternoon) for 22 days on one AU480 automatic clinical analyzer for a total of 88 runs. both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. One single lot of reagents, calibrators, and controls were used and stored at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ when not in use.

Semi-Quantitative Precision Analysis Summary: Qualitative Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Response</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Response</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr></table>

Semi-Quantitative Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>200 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CotinineConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIAResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIAResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 Neg/8 Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55 Neg/33 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

Qualitative Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>200 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CotinineConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIAResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIAResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 Neg/12 Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 Neg/37 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Linearity:

To demonstrate linearity of the entire assay range, a drug free urine pool spiked with cotinine at $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ was serially diluted. Each sample was run in 10 replicates and the average was used to determine percent recovery compared to the expected target value.

Observed values were obtained and acceptable if measurements were $\pm 1 5 \%$ of the expected values. Recovery values (Expected Value divided by the Observed Value) were considered acceptable between $8 5 - 1 1 5 \%$ .

Samples from the linear range of the assay $\mathrm { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ to $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ) were tested with recovery ranging from $9 7 . 9 \%$ to $1 1 0 . 8 \%$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Determined(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>978.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>919.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>851.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>766.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>664.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>539.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>395.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>302.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

# Method Comparison - Clinical Samples:

A total of one-hundred and four (104) unaltered clinical samples were tested with the LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay on the Beckman Coulter AU480 automated clinical analyzer. Samples were evaluated against the assay's calibration curve in both qualitative and semiquantitative modes. All samples were tested in singlet.

All samples were confirmed with LC/MS for cotinine concentrations. Samples were collected by Lin-Zhi International, Inc. (LZI).

# Semi-Quantitative Accuracy Study:

Discrepant samples determined as compared to cotinine concentration from LC/MS.

<table><tr><td>Candidate Device Results</td><td>Negative</td><td>&lt;50 % of Cutoff</td><td>Near Cutoff Negative (between -50 % of cutoff to the cutoff)</td><td>Near Cutoff Positive (between cutoff and +50 % of</td><td>High Positive (&gt;50 % above</td><td>% Agreement</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>1*</td><td>cutoff) 11</td><td>cutoff) 16</td><td>96.4 %</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>20</td><td>32</td><td>23</td><td>1**</td><td>0</td><td>98.7 %</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSMethadone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/NegResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU480 EIAPos/NegResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

\* Discrepant between $50 \%$ below cutoff and cutoff concentration $( 1 0 0 - 1 9 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L ) }$ $^ { \ast \ast }$ Discrepant between cutoff and $5 0 \%$ above cutoff concentration $( 2 0 0 - 2 9 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L ) }$

# Qualitative Accuracy Study:

Discrepant samples determined as compared to cotinine concentration from LC/MS.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CandidateDeviceResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;50 %ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(between -50% of cutoffto the cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(between cutoffand +50 % ofcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive(&gt;50 %abovecutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7 %</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSMethadone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/NegResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU680 EIAQualitativeResult (mAU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/NegResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeCutoff Rate(mAU)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126.4</td></tr></table>

\* Discrepant between $50 \%$ below cutoff and cutoff concentration $( 1 0 0 - 1 9 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ ) $^ { \ast \ast }$ Discrepant between cutoff and $5 0 \%$ above cutoff concentration $( 2 0 0 - 2 9 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L ) }$

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

# Cross-reactivity

The Cross-reactivity of various potentially interfering drugs were tested by spiking various concentrations of each substance into a pool of negative human urine and then evaluated against -quantitative modes. All samples were tested in replicates.

The table below lists the concentration of each test compound that gave a response approximately equivalent to that of the cutoff calibrator (as positive) or the maximal concentration of the compound tested that gave a response below the response of the cutoff calibrator (as negative). Compounds tested at high concentration with results below the cutoff value were listed as Not Detected (ND).

Cotinine:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)-Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00%</td></tr></table>

# Cotinine Metabolites:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)-Anabasine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S(-)-Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotinic Acid (Niacin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Norcotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Norcotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(R, S)-Norcotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>850</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.53%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)-Nornicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>trans-3&#x27;-hydroxycotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00%</td></tr></table>

Structurally unrelated compounds were additionally spiked into pooled negative human urine to desired concentrations (as described above). These solutions were then split into three portions; one without cotinine, and the remaining two that were further spiked with cotinine standards to a final cotinine concentration of $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or $2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ cutoff concentration, respectively). Samples were then evaluated against the assay's calibration curve in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. All samples were tested in replicates.

Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cross-reactant</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Spiked [ ]ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Spiked Cotinine Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mLControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 ng/mLControl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds, continued:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cross-reactant</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Spiked [ ]ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Spiked Cotinine Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mLControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 ng/mLControl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amlodipine Besylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Azelastine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atorvastatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brompheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bupropion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbinoaxmine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cetirizine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clemastine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyproheptadine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desloratadine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexchlorpheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Duloxetine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emedastine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl (citrate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fexofenadine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluoxetine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gabapentin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxyzine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lisinopril</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levocabastine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Losartan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds, continued:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cross-reactant</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Spiked [](ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Spiked Cotinine Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mLControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 ng/mLControl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loratidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDA (3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA (3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metformin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methapyrilene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metoprolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omeprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1S,2S)-(+)Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quetiapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salbutamol (Albuterol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Terfenadine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC-COOH(11-Nor-Delta-9-THC-9-carboxylic acid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>l-Thyroxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triprolidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zolpidem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

Endogenous compounds were spiked into pooled negative human urine to desired concentrations. These solutions were then split into three portions; one without cotinine, and the remaining two that were further spiked with cotinine standards to a final cotinine concentration of $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or $2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ cutoff concentration, respectively). Samples were then evaluated against the assay's calibration curve in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. All samples were tested in replicates.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Endogenous Substance</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Spiked Cotinine Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mLControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 ng/mLControl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium Chloride (CaCl2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citric Acid (pH 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>γ-Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-hydroxybutyric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Phosphate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

The following endogenous compounds which showed interference at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of cutoff concentrations were then spiked into negative urine and at $\pm 5 0 \%$ of cutoff concentrations ( $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ) for the assay.

Interference was observed with Boric Acid at $1 \% \mathrm { w / v }$ and Citric Acid. No other significant undesired cross-reactants or endogenous substance interference was observed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Endogenous Substance</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Spiked Cotinine Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mLControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mLControl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citric Acid (pH 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

# Specific Gravity:

Samples ranging in specific gravity from 1.005 to 1.028 were split into three portions each and either left un-spiked or further spiked to a final methadone concentration of either $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or $2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ cutoff concentration, respectively). These samples were then evaluated in qualitative mode. No interference was observed.

# pH Interference Study:

Negative urine and urine spiked with cotinine to the final cotinine concentration of either $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or $2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ cutoff concentration, respectively) were adjusted to the following $\mathsf { p H }$ levels and tested by the assay. The $\mathsf { p H }$ adjusted solutions were evaluated against the cutoff calibrator.

No major interference between $\mathrm { p H } 3$ to pH 11. Results are summarized in the following table:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Spiked Cotinine Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mLControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 ng/mLControl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

# Summary:

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its general intended use. Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and physical properties to the commercially available predicate device as confirmed by chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS), an independent analytical method. The information supplied in this pre-market notification provides reasonable assurance that the LZI Cotinine II Enzyme Immunoassay is safe and effective for its stated intended use.