April 22, 2020

Psychemedics Corporation   
Virginia Hill   
Vice-President, Research and Development   
5832 Uplander Way   
Culver City, CA 90230

Re: k192517 Trade/Device Name: Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Cotinine in Hair Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3220 Regulation Name: Carbon Monoxide Test System Regulatory Class: Class I, meets the limitation to the exemption 21 CFR 862.9(a) and 862.9(b) Product Code: MKU Dated: March 4, 2020 Received: March 11, 2020

Dear Virginia Hill:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Cotinine in Hair

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA For Cotinine in Hair is an in vitro diagnostic device for the qualitative detection of cotinine in human head and body hair as an aid in the detection of cotinine after use or exposure to tobacco products. The assay is intended for a single site and uses a cutoff calibrator of $2 0 0 \mathrm { p g }$ cotinine/mg hair. This device is intended exclusively for Psychemedics use only and is not intended for sale to anyone.

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA For Cotinine in Hair provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Liquid Chromatography/Mass spectrometry/Mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) is the confirmatory method used by Psychemedics Corporation. The LC/ MS/MS analysis uses a cutoff, after extensive washing of the hair, of $1 0 0 \mathrm { p g }$ cotinine/mg hair with presence of hydroxycotinine at or above $1 0 \ : \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 862.3650.

The assigned 510(k) number is: k192517

# Submitted By:

Psychemedics Corporation

5832 Uplander Way Culver City, CA 90230 TEL: 310 216 7776 FAX: 310 216 6662

Submission Contact: Virginia Hill

Date Prepared: April 20, 2020

Device Trade Name: Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Cotinine in Hair, k192517

dicate Device: STC Micro-Plate Cotinine EIA, k974534

Product Code:

MKU

# Regulation:

862.3220 Carbon monoxide test system

Device Classification/Name: Class I, exempt; meets the limitation to the exemption 21 CFR 862.9(a) and 862.9(b)

# Intended Use:

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA For Cotinine in Hair is an in vitro diagnostic device for the qualitative detection of cotinine in human head and body hair as an aid in the detection of cotinine after use or exposure to tobacco products. The assay is intended for a single site and uses a cutoff calibrator of 200 pg cotinine/mg hair. This device is intended exclusively for Psychemedics use only and is not intended for sale to anyone.

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA For Cotinine in Hair provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Liquid Chromatography/Mass spectrometry/Mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) is the confirmatory method used by Psychemedics Corporation. The LC/MS/MS analysis uses a cutoff, after extensive washing of the hair, of $1 0 0 \mathrm { p g }$ cotinine/mg hair with presence of hydroxycotinine at or above $1 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair.

# Limitations:

The assay is designed only for human body and head hair. The assay is designed to detect the habitual smoking of more than one cigarette/day.

The results of the Psychemedics Assay for Cotinine in Hair should not be used to make decisions to initiate, change, or stop medical or mental health therapy.

Positive screening results only indicate the presumptive presence of cotinine and require additional analysis by mass spectrometry to obtain a confirmed result. Certain medication or dietary supplements that contain cotinine and/or compounds that may be metabolized to produce cotinine may cause a positive result. Studies to determine the correlation of the typical doses for those drugs and dietary supplements to concentrations of cotinine in hair have not been performed. The clinical performance of this assay has not been characterized with regard to the amount and frequency of nicotine ingestion needed to test positive for cotinine. Negative results should be interpreted with caution.

A negative screening test result does not necessarily rule out the possibility of nicotine use, i.e., time of collection, frequency of use, mode of ingestion, dosage used, hair types and other factors may influence results. It is not possible to document all possible effects due to treatments such as bleaching, straightening and dyeing. There is a possibility that other substances and/or factors not listed above may interfere with the test and cause false results that cannot be confirmed by mass spectrometry.

# Assay Description:

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA For Cotinine in Hair consists of two parts; a pre-analytical hair treatment procedure (to convert the solid matrix of hair to a measurable liquid matrix) and the screening assay, the Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Cotinine. The screening portion of the test system consists of (1) microplate wells coated with cotinine conjugated to bovine serum albumin (BSA), polyclonal rabbit anti-cotinine, goat antirabbit secondary antibody conjugated to HRP (horseradish peroxidase), substrate $[ 3 , 3 ^ { \prime } , 5 , 5 ^ { \prime }$ tetramethylbenzidine (TMB)], HCl to acidify (and stop the reaction), and wash buffer for washing the plates. Absorbance in the wells is read with a microplate reader.

Liquid Chromatography/Mass spectrometry/Mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) is the confirmatory method used by Psychemedics Corporation. The LC/MS/MS analysis uses a cutoff, after extensive washing of the hair, of $1 0 0 \mathrm { p g }$ cotinine/mg hair with presence of hydroxycotinine at or above $1 0 \ : \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair.

Sample Collection & Stability: A sample of hair should be cut as close as possible to the skin. The hair is placed in a V-shaped aluminum foil sample holder with the root end of the hair protruding beyond the slanted edge of the foil. The aluminum foil is crimped around the sample, securing the hair specimen firmly into place within the foil. The hair sample, crimped within the foil, is placed in a sample acquisition card envelope and the envelope is sealed with a tamperevident seal. Hair specimens are kept at ambient temperature in a secure location until they are shipped without refrigeration to the laboratory. Stability of cannabinoids in hair samples stored at room temperature has been shown for over two months. Cannabinoids in samples shipped coast-tocoast twice were stable.

# Materials required:

Hair sample collection kit, Microplate for Cotinine, Microplate washer and reader, LC/MS/MS for confirmation.

Comparison with Predicate:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device k192517</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device k974534</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications/Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Psychemedics Microplate EIA For Cotininein Hair is an in vitro diagnostic device for thequalitative detection of cotinine in human headand body hair as an aid in the detection ofcotinine after use or exposure to tobaccoproducts. The assay is intended for a single siteand uses a cutoff calibrator of 200 pgcotinine/mg hair. This device is intendedexclusively for Psychemedics use only and is notintended for sale to anyone.The Psychemedics Microplate EIA For Cotininein Hair provides only a preliminary analyticaltest result. A more specific alternate chemicalmethod must be used to obtain a confirmedanalytical result. Liquid Chromatography/Massspectrometry/Mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS)is the confirmatory method used byPsychemedics Corporation. The LC/MS/MSanalysis uses a cutoff, after extensive washingof the hair, of 100 pg cotinine/mg hair withpresence of hydroxycotinine at or above 10pg/mg hair.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Orasure EIA for Cotinine in Serum is aqualitative assay for detection ofcotinine in serumThe assay provides only a preliminaryanalytical test result. A more specificalternative chemical method must beused in order to obtain a confirmedanalytical result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MKU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MKU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine in Hair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Cotinine inHair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STC Micro-Plate Cotinine EIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Hair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microplate reader</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microplate reader</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 pg cotinine/mg hair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng cotinine/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mass Spectrometry</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Testing of the EIA

# Precision Studies

The precision studies were performed by spiking negative hair with previously LC/MS/MSvalidated calibrator and control spiking solutions to achieve concentrations of negative, the cutoff of $2 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair, and $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , and $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Summary -Intra-Assay</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Summary-Inter-Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEVEL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEVEL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bo (-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bo (-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=3>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plus 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr></table>

# Comparison Testing

A total of 82 samples were utilized for a comparison study of the Psychemedics Cotinine EIA with the LC/MS/MS results. Samples were identified for inclusion in the study by screening with a screening assay for cotinine in serum (K974234). Results are provided below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Comparison of Immunoassay Screening Results with Psychemedics Cotinine EIA andLC/MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LCMSMS Result (pg cotinine/mg hair)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 - 200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 - 300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine byLCMSMS(pg/mg hair)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Explanation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OHCotinine Cross reacted to give result aboveCutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OHCotinine Cross reacted to give result nearCutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OHCotinine Cross reacted to give result aboveCutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OHCotinine Cross reacted to give result nearCutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OHCotinine Cross reacted to give result aboveCutoff</td></tr></table>

# Conclusions:

1. No samples that screened negative were false negatives—i.e., no sample that screened negative confirmed above $2 0 0 { \mathfrak { p g } }$ cotinine/mg hair.   
2. Cutoffs are appropriately set such that the EIA predicts positivity at $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair with confirmation by LCMSMS at $1 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m g }$ .

# Cosmetic Treatments

Sets of five cotinine-negative and 6 cotinine-positive samples were treated with cosmetic products and the results were compared to those for the same samples without the treatments. The treatments studied included dye, perm, relaxer, and shampoo. All of the negative samples remained negative after the treatments, and all of the positive samples remained positive.

# Summary of Cross-reactivity and Interference Studies

# Cross-reactivity of Related Compounds in Cotinine EIA

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Cross-reactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected ConcentrationEquivalent to 200 pgcotinine/mg hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trans-3-hydroxycotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(S)  N- nitrosoanatabine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,0000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)-anabasine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)-nornicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(S)-nitrosoanabasine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)-N-Nitrosonornicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td></tr></table>

The following compounds were shown to have no cross-reactivity in the Cotinine EIA assay:

Glutethimide, Meprobamate, Methyprylon, Flurazepam, Lorazepam, Medazepam, Temazepam, Carbamazepine, Diazepam, Nordiazepam, Oxazepam, Acetaminophen, Caffeine, Dyphylline, Methaqualone, Theophylline, ethosuximide, a-methyl-a-propylsuccimide, metharbital, barbital, methsuximide, phensuximide, N-Normethsuximide, Mephenytoin, Ethotoin, Mephobarbital, PEMA, Phenobarbital, Methyl PEMA, 10,11-Dihydrocarbamazepine, Primidone, Carbamazepine, 5,5-Diphenylhydantoin, 4-Methylprimidone, Haloperidol, Ibuprofen, LSD, Meperidine, Methadone, Methaqualone, Methylphenidate, Naloxone, Naltrexone, Naproxen, Nicotine, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene, R,R Pseudoephedrine, Thioridazine, Cis-Tramadol, Venlafaxine hydochloride, 8(-)-11-nor-9-Carboxy-delta9 THC, 11-nor-9-Carboxy-delta9-THC, Delta 8-THC, Streptomycin solution, Benzocaine, Erythromycin, Penicillin G, Mepivacaine, Phendimetrazine bitartrate, Despropionyl, fentanyl, epinephrine $( + / - )$ , norepinephrine $( + / - )$ , metanephrine $( + / - )$ , normetanephrine $( + / - )$ , vanilmandelic acid $( + / - )$ , 5-hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid, homovanillic acid, Benzoylecgonine, Cocaethylene, Ecgonine Methyl Ester, Methamphetamine $( + / - )$ , Cocaine, Heroin, methadone $( + / - )$ , codeine, hydrocodone, meperidine, oxycodone, AM2201 Spice, JWH-019 Spice, JWH-081 Spice, JWH-122 Spice, CP 47, 497 $( + / - )$ Spice, C8 homologue Spice, HU-211 Spice, JWH-200 Spice, JWH-250 Spice, acetaminophen, caffeine, chlorphenirame maleate, ibuprofen, naproxen, $\mathrm { R , R } ( - )$ -pseudoephedrine, Medazepam, Oxazepam, Lorazepam, Diazepam, Temazepam, Bromazepam, Cocaethylene, Cocaine, methadone $( + / - )$ , buprenorphine, cis-tramadol HCl, codeine, fentanyl, hydrocodone, hydromorphone, meperidine, morphine, naloxone, naltrexone, oxymorphone, Amitriptyline, Desipramine, Doxepin,Imipramine, Nordoxepin, Nortiptyline, Protriptyline, Trimipramine, glutethimide, meprobromate, methylprylon, Amphetamine, Caffeine, Imipramine, Methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Phenmetrazine, Phenylpropanolamine,

Butabarital, Amobarbital, Secobarbital, Hexobarbital, Phenobarbital, Amitriptyline, Dextromethorphan, Lidocaine, Methocarbamol, Nordoxepin, Pentazocine, Phenylephrine, Triamterene, Amoxicillin, Propanolol, Promethazine, Phenmetrazine, Phendimetrazine, Benzocaine, Ecgononine, Metanephrin, Ethylmorphine, Nalorphine.

# Interference

The following compounds were shown to have no interference in the Cotinine EIA assay:

Glutethimide, Meprobamate, Methyprylon, Flurazepam, Lorazepam, Medazepam, Temazepam, Carbamazepine, Diazepam, Nordiazepam, Oxazepam, Acetaminophen, Caffeine, Dyphylline, Methaqualone, Theophylline, ethosuximide, a-methyl-a-propylsuccimide, metharbital, barbital, methsuximide, phensuximide, N-Normethsuximide, Mephenytoin, Ethotoin, Mephobarbital, PEMA, Phenobarbital, Methyl PEMA, 10,11-Dihydrocarbamazepine, Primidone, Carbamazepine, 5,5-Diphenylhydantoin, 4-Methylprimidone, Haloperidol, Ibuprofen, LSD, Meperidine, Methadone, Methaqualone, Methylphenidate, Naloxone, Naltrexone, Naproxen, Nicotine, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene, R,R Pseudoephedrine, Thioridazine, Cis-Tramadol, Venlafaxine hydochloride, 8(-)-11-nor-9-Carboxy-delta9 THC, 11-nor-9-Carboxy-delta9-THC, Delta 8-THC, Streptomycin solution, Benzocaine, Erythromycin, Penicillin G, Mepivacaine, Phendimetrazine bitartrate, Despropionyl, fentanyl, epinephrine $( + / - )$ , norepinephrine $( + / - )$ , metanephrine $( + / - )$ , normetanephrine $( + / - )$ , vanilmandelic acid $( + / - )$ , 5-hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid, homovanillic acid, Benzoylecgonine, Cocaethylene, Ecgonine Methyl Ester, Methamphetamine $( + / - )$ , Cocaine, Heroin, methadone $( + / - )$ , codeine, hydrocodone, meperidine, oxycodone, AM2201 Spice, JWH-019 Spice, JWH-081 Spice, JWH-122 Spice, CP 47, 497 $( + / - )$ Spice, C8 homologue Spice, HU-211 Spice, JWH-200 Spice, JWH-250 Spice, acetaminophen, caffeine, chlorphenirame maleate, ibuprofen, naproxen, $\mathrm { R , R } ( - )$ -pseudoephedrine, Medazepam, Oxazepam, Lorazepam, Diazepam, Temazepam, Bromazepam, Cocaethylene, Cocaine, methadone $( + / - )$ , buprenorphine, cis-tramadol HCl, codeine, fentanyl, hydrocodone, hydromorphone, meperidine, morphine, naloxone, naltrexone, oxymorphone, Amitriptyline, Desipramine, Doxepin,Imipramine, Nordoxepin, Nortiptyline, Protriptyline, Trimipramine, glutethimide, meprobromate, methylprylon, Amphetamine, Caffeine, Imipramine, Methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Phenmetrazine, Phenylpropanolamine, Butabarital, Amobarbital, Secobarbital, Hexobarbital, Phenobarbital, Amitriptyline, Dextromethorphan, Lidocaine, Methocarbamol, Nordoxepin, Pentazocine, Phenylephrine, Triamterene, Amoxicillin, Propanolol, Promethazine, Phenmetrazine, Phendimetrazine, Benzocaine, Ecgononine, Metanephrin, Ethylmorphine, Nalorphine.

# Calibrator

Psychemedics prepares calibrators and control materials using drug stocks purchased from a commercial vendor. Each lot of drug is received with its specific certificate of analysis. The commercially obtained stock is made into the calibrators and controls to the desired concentrations. The Certified Reference Material used for the EIA calibrator is obtained from Restek.The concentrations are confirmed by LC/MS/MS. The Certified Reference Material for the LCMSMS analysis is obtained from Cerilliant.

# Sample Stability During Shipping and Storage

Six samples showed no significant differences between results before and after shipping twice cross-country. Another six samples were tested before and after 2 months in storage at room temperature in the original shipping wrappers; no differences were seen after 2 months of storage.

# Recovery

The hair sample preparation for the screening assay is by a nonproteolytic digestion procedure (US Patent 8,084,215) carried out at $3 7 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ . Recovery of cotinine in the method was shown to be essentially $100 \%$ complete at 2 hours.

# Environmental Contamination

The Psychemedics screening assay does not distinguish between samples containing cotinine due to ingestion vs. from environmental contamination such as from sidestream or exhaled smoke. This determination is performed only on presumptive positive samples (identified by the screening assay) using a decontamination process (extensive sequential washing of the hair sample), described below.

Post-harvest treatment of tobacco, i.e., curing, fermentation and aging, results in an accumulation of various degradation products, including cotinine (1-3). This degradation may be ascribed to the action of enzymes present in the tobacco leaf, of bacteria contaminating the leaf and of nonenzymic reactions.

# The Aqueous Buffer Wash Procedure

i. Add $2 \mathrm { m L }$ of dry isopropanol to the tube with hair in it and shake in waterbath for 15 minutes at $3 7 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ with shaking $@ 1 0 0 - 1 2 0$ oscillations/minute. Remove isopropanol.   
ii. Add $2 \mathrm { m L }$ of Wash Buffer $( 0 . 0 1 \mathrm { ~ M ~ }$ phosphate buffer, $\mathsf { p H } 6 . 0$ , containing $0 . 1 \%$ BSA) to the tube and shake in waterbath for 30 minutes at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ with shaking $@$ 100 -120 oscillations/minute. Remove Buffer. Repeat Step ii. two more times.   
iii. Add $2 \mathrm { m L }$ of Wash Buffer to the tube containing hair and shake in waterbath for 60 minutes at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ with shaking $@ 1 0 0 - 1 2 0$ oscillations/minute. Remove Buffer. Repeat Step iii, one more time.

A contamination experiment was carried out in which cotinine-EIA-negative hair locks were suspended in a large Erlenmeyer flask equipped to draw smoke through the flask from a burning cigarette. The exposure in this set-up is very extreme, as seen by the amounts of both nicotine and cotinine on the hair after exposure and before washing. The hair locks may not all be exposed to the same extent since they hang freely but may hang near and against one another and block the smoke in variable ways. Also, hair that is more porous may absorb more smoke. The data shown below demonstrate that extended washing of the extremely contaminated hair resulted in no samples above the LCMSMS cutoff of $1 0 0 \mathrm { p g }$ cotinine/mg hair.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Hair Samples Exposed to Smoke and Analyzed by LC/MS/MS With and Without Washing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>NO WASH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>WASHED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CotinineNornicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxycotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nornicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxycotinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>pg /mg hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1197</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6937</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85944</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1897</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3656</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>404</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43884</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>957</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4565</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3884</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>342</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61477</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1081</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15331</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2433</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>459</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1543</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3712</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Testing of the LCMSMS for Cotinine and Hydroxycotinine in Hair

# Recovery

Recovery from Hair   
Recovery of cotinine and hydroxycotinine from hair acidic methanol, tested with 5 authentic samples, was greater than $9 1 . 6 \%$ .

Recovery of Analytes and Internal Standard with SPE

Comparison of (1) analysis of analytes and Internal Standards directly without extraction (extraction of matrix BEFORE addition of analytes and internal standards) with (2) analysis of analytes and Internal Standards extracted from matrix was carried out. Recoveries of analytes and I.S. were greater than $65 \%$ for cotinine and $5 5 \%$ for hydroxycotinine, and precisions showed less than $5 \%$ CV. Average quantitations of 5 samples were $9 9 - 1 0 1 \%$ of target concentrations.

# Precision

Intra-Assay Precision Around the Cutoff

Precision of 5 analyses of concentrations around the cutoff was evaluated at 50, 75, 100,125, and $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair. Percent CV was less than 10 for all concentrations, and results averaged 98 - $1 0 0 . 1 \%$ of targets.

Intra-Assay Precision over the Range of the Assay

The concentrations evaluated were 5 samples each of 10, 20, 35, 50 100, 300, 500, 700, and 1000 $\mathrm { { p g / m g } }$ hair. Percent CV was less than 10 for all concentrations, and results averaged 90.1 - 111.4 $\%$ of targets.

The concentrations evaluated were 5 samples each, for 5 days, at 50, 100, and $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m g }$ mg hair. All sets of replicates had $\leq 1 0 \%$ CV. Averages of all replicates were within $1 5 \%$ of target concentrations.

# Linearity

Linearity was tested by analyzing 5 samples each of cotinine and hydroxycotinine at the following concentrations: 10, 20, 35, 50 100, 300, 500, 700, and $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair.

The following results of the study are true for both analytes. All results were within 15 percent of target concentrations. Agreement of 5 determinations at each concentration was $\leq 1 0 \%$ CV. The regression coefficient was $> 0 . 9 9 5$ . The average value of 5 determinations was within $1 5 \%$ of the predicted Y value. The actual data points deviated less than $10 \%$ from the regression line. Linearity of the Cotinine/hydroxycotinine assay from 10 to $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair was demonstrated.

Validity of Dilution was demonstrated by analyzing a 1:2 dilution of a $2 0 0 \mathrm { p g / 1 0 0 }$ uL solution of cotinine and hydroxycotinine added to $1 0 ~ \mathrm { m g }$ hair, resulting in a target result of $1 0 0 \ : \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair. Agreement of 5 determinations were $2 . 2 \%$ CV. The averages of 5 determinations at each dilution was within $1 5 \%$ of the target values.

# Carryover

The ULOL was set at $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair in the linearity study. Carryover from this highest point of the assay range was tested by following the $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m g }$ sample with a negative sample. No signal was detected in the negative sample, indicating that up to $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair, carryover is not a factor. Samples following a sample greater than $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair may require repeating.

# Specificity

Matrix Effects. Suppression of $\pm 2 5 \%$ was exceeded. As stipulated, the laboratory has demonstrated CVs of the area counts are less than $10 \%$ and the percent CVs of the quantitations with and without matrix are less than $10 \%$ . Further, precision, linearity, and reproducibility studies demonstrate there is no impact on other critical validation parameters.

Interference from Internal Standard or nondeuterated analytes. Samples containing no internal standard $( \mathrm { D } _ { 3 } )$ did not show presence of any peaks in the $\mathrm { D } _ { 3 }$ window, showing that there is no $\mathrm { D } _ { 3 }$ contaminant in the $\mathrm { D } _ { 0 }$ analytes. Samples containing no analytes showed no presence of any peaks in the $\mathrm { D } _ { 0 }$ window, showing that there is no D0 contaminant in the $\mathrm { D } _ { 3 }$ analytes.

Interference from other compounds. Eighty-six compounds were tested for interference in the LCMSMS assay. No interference was detected.

# Accuracy

Accuracy was supported by linearity, precision and specificity results. Carryover was shown to be non-existent under $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g }$ cotinine or hydrxycotinine/mg hair.

LLOQ Precision. LLOQ was determined to be at $1 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair. LOD was administratively also set at that level. Signal-to-noise ratios for 5 samples spiked at $1 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m g }$ hair were 161 - 302 for cotinine and 137 - 217 for hydroxycotinine, both much greater than the required 19:1 to 20:1 S:N recommended by CLSI document C62-A. Results showed $1 0 9 . 5 \%$ and $1 1 0 . 9 \%$ of target, respectively for cotinine and hydroycotinine.

Averages of agreement among triplicate analyses of 4 authentic positive hair samples averaged less than $1 5 \%$ CV.

Reproducibility among samples of multiple hair types spiked at LLOQ/LOD showed 96.8 and $1 0 4 . 8 \%$ of target concentrations for cotiine and hydroxycotinine, respectively, and ${ < } 1 1 \%$ CV precision.

# Conclusion:

The Psychemedics Microplate EIA and LCMSMS confirmation for Cotinine and Hydroxycotinine in Hair is substantially equivalent based on acceptable performance studies.