July 16, 2021

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, Inc. Anoop Joy   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, New York 10591

Re: K193397 Trade/Device Name: ADVIA Centaur Digoxin assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3320 Regulation Name: Digoxin Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: KXT Dated: October 16, 2020 Received: October 19, 2020

Dear Anoop Joy:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k193397

Device Name ADVIA Centaur $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Digoxin assay

Indications for Use (Describe) For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of digoxin in serum and plasma (EDTA and lithium heparin) using the ADVIA Centaur $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ XP systems.

Metai y e ern levels of digoxin to ensure appropriate therapy.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

ADVIA Centaur $\textcircled{8}$ Digoxin assay

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) Number: k193397.

# I. APPLICANT

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue, Tarrytown, NY 10591 USA

Contact: Anoop Joy Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist   
Phone: (914) 524-2273   
Fax: (914) 524-2101   
E-mail: anoop.joy@siemens-healthineers.com

Date Prepared: July 16, 2021

II. Regulatory Information

Name of Device: ADVIA Centaur® Digoxin assay   
Classification: Class II   
Regulation Section: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3320   
Product Code: KXT   
Panel: Toxicology

# III. PREDICATE DEVICE

Name of Device: ADVIA Centaur® Digoxin assay 510 (k): K931213

# IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The ADVIA Centaur Digoxin assay reagents come in the following configurations:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ReadyPack primary reagent packs containing ADVIA CentaurDIG Lite Reagent and Solid Phase, ADVIA Centaur DIG MasterCurve card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ReadyPack primary reagent pack containing ADVIA CentaurDIG Lite Reagent and Solid Phase, ADVIA Centaur DIG MasterCurve card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr></table>

The ReadyPack consists of the following:

# ADVIA Centaur DIG ReadyPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ primary reagent pack; Lite Reagent

2.5 mL/reagent pack monoclonal mouse anti-digoxin antibody $( { \sim } 2 6 . 4 \mathrm { \ n g / m L } )$ labeled with acridinium ester in protein buffered saline with sodium azide $( 0 . 1 1 \% )$ and preservatives.

ADVIA Centaur DIG ReadyPack primary reagent pack; Solid Phase Reagent

12.5 mL/reagent pack digitoxin $( { \sim } 2 \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m L } )$ covalently coupled to paramagnetic particles in protein buffered saline with sodium azide $( 0 . 1 1 \% )$ and preservatives.

# V. INTENDED USE

For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of digoxin in serum and plasma (EDTA and lithium heparin) using the ADVIA Centaur $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ XP systems.

Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of digoxin overdose and in monitoring levels of digoxin to ensure appropriate therapy.

# VI. INDICATIONS FOR USE

Same as Intended use

# VII. COMPARISION OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

The following table provides a comparison between the predicate and candidate device.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device(Modified Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur® Digoxin assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur® Digoxin assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative  determination   ofdigoxin in serum using the ADVIACentaur®, ADVIA Centaur XP,and ADVIA Centaur XPT systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative  determinationofdigoxin in serum and plasma(EDTA and lithium heparin) usingthe ADVIA Centaur® XP systems.Measurements obtained by thisdevice are used in the diagnosisand treatment of digoxin overdoseand in monitoring levels of digoxinto ensure appropriate therapy.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1-5.0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>competitive immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct chemiluminescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and plasma (EDTA andlithium heparin)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 µL of Lite Reagent and250 uL of Solid Phase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IncubationTime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lite Reagent: 5.0 minutes at 37°CSolid Reagent: 2.5 minutes at37.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to an internal standardmanufactured using U.S.P.(United States Pharmacopeia)material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-point</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur Calibrator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofCalibratorLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionAntibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>monoclonal mouse anti-digoxinantibody labeled with acridiniumester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CaptureAntibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>digitoxin covalently coupled toparamagnetic particles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# VIII. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS DATA

Addition of plasma sample type claim was demonstrated by performing specimen equivalency studies, precision studies and interference studies using EDTA and

Heparin. Since the assay principle, design or formulation has not changed from original device (K931213), the analytical performance data previously reviewed for the ADVIA Centaur® Digoxin assay continues to apply to this assay.

# Specimen Equivalency

Specimen equivalency was determined with the Deming linear regression model in accordance with CLSI Document EP09-A3. The following results were obtained:

<table><tr><td>Tube (y) vs. Serum (x)</td><td>Regression Equation</td><td>Sample Interval</td><td>N a</td><td>rb</td></tr><tr><td>Dipotassium EDTA plasma</td><td>y = 1.02x - 0.02 ng/mL (y = 1.02x - 0.03 nmol/L)</td><td>0.14-4.81 ng/mL (0.186.16 nmol/L)</td><td>51</td><td>0.996</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium heparin plasma</td><td>y = 1.06x - 0.03 ng/mL (y = 1.06x - 0.04 nmol/L)</td><td>0.14-4.88 ng/mL (0.18-6.25 nmol/L)</td><td>50</td><td>0.990</td></tr></table>

a Number of samples tested. b Correlation coefficient.

# Interferences

Interference testing was performed in accordance with CLSI Document EP07-ed3. The following results were obtained:

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2">Analyte Concentration ng/mL (nmol/L)</td><td rowspan="2">Bias (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Substance</td><td>Substance Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Canrenone</td><td>1000 ng/mL</td><td>1.11 (1.42)</td><td>2.7</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>2.12 (2.71)</td><td>-0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Dipotassium EDTA</td><td>9.0 mg/mL</td><td>0.91 (1.16)</td><td>-0.4</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>3.12 (3.99)</td><td>-1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Heparin</td><td>75U/mL</td><td>0.61 (0.78)</td><td>8.9</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>3.66 (4.68)</td><td>-1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Potassium Canrenoate</td><td>1000 ng/mL</td><td>1.07 (1.37)</td><td>2.8</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>2.08 (2.66)</td><td>-1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Spironolactone</td><td>1000 ng/mL</td><td>1.04 (1.33)</td><td>1.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>2.00 (2.56)</td><td>2.5</td></tr></table>

# X. CONCLUSION

Comparative testing of the modified ADVIA Centaur® Digoxin assay is substantially equivalent in principle and performance to the Predicate Device - ADVIA Centaur® Digoxin assay cleared under 510(k) K931213.